Clonidine can effectively reduce pain and/or hypersensitivity . However , the antihypersensitivity effects of clonidine topically applied in cream -LRB- CC -RRB- have not been investigated . The authors evaluated effects of topical application of CC on pain behaviors and spinal Fos-like immunoreactivity in rats with hypersensitivity . Clonidine -LRB- 30 , 100 , and 300 microg/g -RRB- was prepared in a cream base . In rat models of neuropathic pain , inflammatory pain , and postoperative pain , the authors evaluated effects of CC -LRB- 0.1 g -RRB- , topically applied onto the plantar surface of the injured or uninjured paw , on thermal hyperalgesia and mechanical allodynia to von Frey filaments . The authors also evaluated effects of CC on lumbar spinal Fos-like immunoreactivity . In neuropathic rats , CC applied onto the injured paw reduced thermal hyperalgesia and mechanical allodynia dose dependently , whereas CC applied onto the uninjured paw had no effect . Further , CC reduced Fos-like immunoreactivity in neuropathic rats . In rats with postoperative pain , CC repeatedly applied for 6 days reduced thermal hyperalgesia , but not mechanical allodynia , in the postoperative days , whereas it had no effects on hyperalgesia or allodynia in those with inflammatory pain . Topical CC in concentrations examined significantly reduced hypersensitivity and lumbar spinal Fos-like immunoreactivity in rats with neuropathic pain , probably through activation of peripherally located alpha2 adrenoceptors . However , CC was only partially effective and totally ineffective in rats with postoperative pain and inflammatory pain , respectively . In this population-based telephone survey , we evaluated the attitudes of 302 adults toward analgesic use and related side effects . Over half -LRB- 68 % -RRB- reported prior experience with 2 or more side effects . Vomiting -LRB- 34 % -RRB- , confusion -LRB- 32 % -RRB- , and nausea -LRB- 17 % -RRB- were ranked as the worst side effects . Exploratory cluster analysis grouped responses to 6 questions about willingness to use analgesics into two categories . Participants in Cluster I -LRB- n = 106 -RRB- , `` Conservatives , '' were less willing to take analgesics for pain as compared to those in Cluster II -LRB- n = 153 -RRB- , `` Liberals . '' Univariate analysis found Hispanics , women , those less affluent or educated , and those with prior side-effect experience were more likely to be Conservative . Experience with side effects -LRB- OR = 1.3 -RRB- and being female -LRB- OR = 2.1 -RRB- were the strongest predictors of conservative cluster membership . To achieve better pain outcomes , clinicians and patients must identify factors that contribute to conservative decision-making about analgesic use and side effect management .
Surgery for the removal of a primary tumor presents an opportunity to eradicate cancer or arrest its progression , but is also believed to promote the outbreak of pre-existing micrometastases and the initiation of new metastases . These deleterious effects of surgery are mediated through various mechanisms , including psychological and physiological neuroendocrine and paracrine stress responses elicited by surgery . In this review we -LRB- i -RRB- describe the many risk factors that arise during the perioperative period , acting synergistically to make this short timeframe critical for determining long-term cancer recurrence , -LRB- ii -RRB- present newly identified potent immunocyte populations that can destroy autologous tumor cells that were traditionally considered immune-resistant , thus invigorating the notion of immune-surveillance against cancer metastasis , -LRB- iii -RRB- describe in vivo evidence in cancer patients that support a role for anti-cancer immunity , -LRB- iv -RRB- indicate neuroendocrine and paracrine mediating mechanisms of stress - and surgery-induced promotion of cancer progression , focusing on the prominent role of catecholamines and prostaglandins through their impact on anti-cancer immunity , and through direct effects on the malignant tissue and its surrounding , -LRB- v -RRB- discuss the impact of different anesthetic approaches and other intra-operative procedures on immunity and cancer progression , and -LRB- vi -RRB- suggest prophylactic measures against the immunosuppressive and cancer promoting effects of surgery . Surgical removal of a tumor may , ironically , unleash prometastatic effects that enhance cancer recurrence and metastatic disease . The patient 's physiologic response to the surgical trauma may increase tumor cell growth and invasiveness while diminishing the immune system 's ability to eliminate residual disease . At the same time anaesthetic drugs used to accomplish the surgery may also have important effects on cancer cells and the immune system . Those combined effects potentially lead to sooner recurrence of local or metastatic cancer , and , ultimately , decreased survival . This review explores current research on the influences of surgery and anaesthesia on tumor cells , the immune system , and cancer recurrence . Although a substantial body of evidence sheds much light on the nature of these processes and is at times suggestive of how they might be relevant in clinical practice that literature also reveals a foundation of data that remain largely preclinical with as yet insufficient human study to support clinical recommendations . The tantalizing possibility that anaesthetic care of the surgical oncology patient might affect long term oncologic outcome remains unproven speculation , awaiting prospective human study . ERAS approach -LRB- Enhanced Recovery After Surgery -RRB- is a multimodal , perioperative pathway designed to achieve early recovery after surgery . ERAS has shown documented efficacy in elective surgery , and the concept of `` multimodal '' and `` multidisciplinary '' approach seems still to be of higher importance than each single item within ERAS protocols . Obstetric surgery , as well , may open wide horizons for future research , since extremely poor data are currently available , and ERAS benefits may translate even on the baby . Finally , the concept of `` outcome '' may be extended when considering the specific setting of cancer surgery , in which variables like cancer recurrence , early access to adjuvant therapies , and , finally , long-term survival are as important as the reduced perioperative complications . In this perspective , different items within ERAS protocols should be reinterpreted and eventually integrated towards `` protective '' techniques , to develop cancer-specific ERAS approaches keeping pace with the specific aims of oncologic surgery . Fulfilling patient expectations is central to defining a good quality of life -LRB- QoL -RRB- in health . The WHOQOL-BREF was developed using novel , person-centred methods and is a generic patient-reported outcomes measure -LRB- PROM -RRB- . However , without robust psychometric performance , PROMs can not be relied upon to assess individuals . This study investigated the WHOQOL-BREF -LRB- UK -RRB- , with this use in mind . Cross sectional with nested repeated measures . Twenty-seven disease groups or health conditions and healthy people were recruited at 38 UK sites , in a wide range of settings -LRB- n = 4628 -RRB- . ` Treatment as usual ' ; new and alternative interventions . WHOQOL-BREF -LRB- UK -RRB- ; SF-36 . Respondent burden was low , as acceptability and feasibility were high . Distinctive QoL profiles were found for diverse conditions . Musculoskeletal , psychiatric and cardiovascular patients reported the poorest QoL and also improved most during treatment . Overall , QoL was good , and best for healthy groups , supporting discriminant validity . Compared with the SF-36 , WHOQOL physical and psychological domains showed good concurrent validity , although social was weak . Small or moderate effect sizes confirmed responsiveness to change in specified domains for certain conditions and interventions . Age had a small impact on reporting QoL . The WHOQOL-BREF is found to be a high quality patient-centred generic tool suited to individual assessment in clinics , for research , and audit .
OBJECTIVE : The purpose of this manuscript is to review current knowledge of how muscle activation and force production contribute to shoulder kinematics in healthy subjects and persons with shoulder impingement . RESULTS : The middle and lower serratus anterior muscles produce scapular upward rotation , posterior tilting , and external rotation . Upper trapezius produces clavicular elevation and retraction . The middle trapezius is primarily a medial stabilizer of the scapula . The rotator cuff is critical to stabilization and prevention of excess superior translation of the humeral head , as well as production of glenohumeral external rotation during arm elevation . Alterations in activation amplitude or timing have been identified across various investigations of subjects with shoulder impingement as compared to healthy controls . These include decreased activation of the middle or lower serratus anterior and rotator cuff , delayed activation of middle and lower trapezius , and increased activation of the upper trapezius and middle deltoid in impingement subjects . In addition , subjects with a short resting length of the pectoralis minor exhibit altered scapular kinematic patterns similar to those found in persons with shoulder impingement . CONCLUSION : These normal muscle functional capabilities and alterations in patient populations should be considered when planning exercise approaches for the rehabilitation of these patients .
Patients who were candidates for cystectomy received nab-paclitaxel 260 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- on day 1 , carboplatin area under the curve 5 on day 1 , and gemcitabine 800 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- on days 1 and 8 , every 21 days for 3 cycles . The first 3 patients received nab-paclitaxel 100 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- weekly and were not included in the efficacy analysis of evaluable patients . Efficacy was assessed by the percentage of patients with pathologic complete response -LRB- pT0 -RRB- at cystectomy . Progression-free and overall survival was estimated using the Kaplan-Meier methods . Of 29 patients enrolled , 26 received the planned 3 cycles with 82 cycles overall ; doses were reduced in 16 patients . Of 29 patients , nearly all patients experienced grade 3-4 neutropenia ; 17 patients -LRB- 58.6 % -RRB- required growth factor , and 16 patients -LRB- 55.2 % -RRB- experienced grade 3-4 thrombocytopenia ; there was 1 toxicity-related death . Nonhematological toxicity was generally tolerable . Neoadjuvant nab-paclitaxel , carboplatin , gemcitabine is feasible but grade 3-4 myelotoxicity is common . Although the regimen has activity , the pT0 rate is lower than those reported with cisplatin-based regimens and did not meet the predefined threshold to support further investigation .
Diabetic eye disease remains a major cause of blindness in the world . Laser treatment for proliferative diabetic retinopathy and diabetic macular edema became available more than two decades ago . The outcome of treatment depends on the timing of laser treatment . The laser treatment is optimally delivered when high-risk characteristics have developed in proliferative retinopathy or diabetic macular edema and before this has significantly affected vision . Laser treatment is usually successful if applied during this optimal period whereas the treatment benefit falls sharply if the treatment is applied too late . In order to optimize the timing of laser treatment in diabetic eye disease screening programs have been established . In this paper the organisation and methods of screening programs are described including direct and photographic screening . The incidence and prevalence of blindness is much lower in populations where screening for diabetic eye disease has been established compared to diabetic populations without screening . Technical advantages may allow increased efficiency and telescreening . From a public health standpoint screening for diabetic eye disease is one of the most cost effective health procedures available . Diabetic eye disease can be prevented using existing technology and the cost involved is many times less than the cost of diabetic blindness . Müller cells are active players in normal retinal function and in virtually all forms of retinal injury and disease . Reactive Müller cells protect the tissue from further damage and preserve tissue function by the release of antioxidants and neurotrophic factors , and may contribute to retinal regeneration by the generation of neural progenitor/stem cells . However , Müller cell gliosis can also contribute to neurodegeneration and impedes regenerative processes in the retinal tissue by the formation of glial scars . This article provides an overview of the neuroprotective and detrimental effects of Müller cell gliosis , with accounts on the cellular signal transduction mechanisms and factors which are implicated in Müller cell-mediated neuroprotection , immunomodulation , regulation of Müller cell proliferation , upregulation of intermediate filaments , glial scar formation , and the generation of neural progenitor/stem cells . A proper understanding of the signaling mechanisms implicated in gliotic alterations of Müller cells is essential for the development of efficient therapeutic strategies that increase the supportive/protective and decrease the destructive roles of gliosis . Diabetic retinopathy is a common and specific microvascular complication of diabetes , and remains the leading cause of preventable blindness in working-aged people . It is identified in a third of people with diabetes and associated with increased risk of life-threatening systemic vascular complications , including stroke , coronary heart disease , and heart failure . Optimum control of blood glucose , blood pressure , and possibly blood lipids remains the foundation for reduction of risk of retinopathy development and progression . Timely laser therapy is effective for preservation of sight in proliferative retinopathy and macular oedema , but its ability to reverse visual loss is poor . Vitrectomy surgery might occasionally be needed for advanced retinopathy . The outlook for future treatment modalities , such as inhibition of other angiogenic factors , regenerative therapy , and topical therapy , is promising . Diabetic retinopathy -LRB- DR -RRB- remains a major cause of worldwide preventable blindness . The microvasculature of the retina responds to hyperglycemia through a number of biochemical changes , including activation of protein kinase C , increased advanced glycation end products formation , polyol pathway , and oxidative stress , and activation of the renin angiotensin system -LRB- RAS -RRB- . There is an accumulating body of evidence that inflammation plays a prominent role in the pathogenesis of DR. The causes of retinal hypoxia are many and varied . Under hypoxic conditions , a variety of soluble factors are secreted into the vitreous cavity including growth factors , cytokines , and chemokines . Cytokines , which usually serve as signals between neighboring cells , are involved in essentially every important biological process , including cell proliferation , inflammation , immunity , migration , fibrosis , tissue repair , and angiogenesis . Cytokines and chemokines are multifunctional mediators that can direct the recruitment of leukocytes to sites of inflammation , promote the process , enhance immune responses , and promote stem cell survival , development , and homeostasis . The modern particle-based flow cytometric analysis is more direct , stable and sensitive than the colorimetric readout of the conventional ELISA but , similar to ELISA , is influenced by vitreous hemorrhage , disruption of the blood-retina barrier , and high serum levels of a specific protein . Finding patterns in the expression of inflammatory cytokines specific to a particular disease can substantially contribute to the understanding of its basic mechanism and to the development of a targeted therapy . Diabetic retinopathy -LRB- DR -RRB- remains a major cause of blindness as the prevalence of diabetes is expected to approximately double globally between 2000 and 2030 . DR progresses over time at different rates in different individuals with only a limited number developing significant vision loss due to the two major vision-threatening complications , clinically significant macular edema and proliferative retinopathy . Good metabolic control is important to prevent and delay progression , but whereas some patients escape vision loss even with poor control , others develop vision loss despite good metabolic control . Our research group has been able to identify three different DR phenotypes characterized by different dominant retinal alterations and different risks of progression to vision-threatening complications . Microaneurysm turnover has been validated as a prognostic biomarker of development of clinically significant macular edema , whereas subclinical macular edema identified by OCT and mfERG appear to be also good candidates as organ-specific biomarkers of DR. Hemoglobin A1c remains the only confirmed systemic prognostic biomarker of DR progression . The availability of biomarkers of DR progression and the identification of different phenotypes of DR with different risks for development of vision-threatening complications offers new perspectives for understanding DR and for
A moderate dose of radiation is the recommended treatment for solitary plasmacytoma -LRB- SP -RRB- , but there is controversy over the role of surgery . Our study aimed at comparing different treatment modalities in the management of SP. . Data from 38 consecutive patients with solitary plasmacytoma , including 16 with bone plasmacytoma and 22 with extramedullary plasmacytoma , were retrospectively reviewed . 15 patients received radiotherapy alone ; 11 received surgery alone , and 12 received both . The median radiation dose was 50Gy . All operations were performed as radical resections . Local progression-free survival -LRB- LPFS -RRB- , multiple myeloma-free survival -LRB- MMFS -RRB- , progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- and overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- were calculated and outcomes of different therapies were compared . The median follow-up time was 55 months . 5-year LPFS , MMFS , PFS and OS were 87.0 % , 80.9 % , 69.8 % and 87.4 % , respectively . Univariate analysis revealed , compared with surgery alone , radiotherapy alone was associated with significantly higher 5-year LPFS -LRB- 100 % vs 69.3 % , p = 0.016 -RRB- , MMFS -LRB- 100 % vs 51.4 % , p = 0.006 -RRB- , PFS -LRB- 100 % vs 33.7 % , p = 0.0004 -RRB- and OS -LRB- 100 % vs 70 % , p = 0.041 -RRB- . Radiotherapy alone can be considered as a more effective treatment for SP over surgery . Whether a combination of radiotherapy and surgery improves outcomes requires further study . To assess the outcomes and patterns of failure in solitary plasmacytoma -LRB- SP -RRB- . The data from 258 patients with bone -LRB- n = 206 -RRB- or extramedullary -LRB- n = 52 -RRB- SP without evidence of multiple myeloma -LRB- MM -RRB- were collected . A histopathologic diagnosis was obtained for all patients . The median radiation dose was 40 Gy . The median follow-up was 56 months -LRB- range 7-245 -RRB- . The median time to MM development was 21 months -LRB- range 2-135 -RRB- , with a 5-year probability of 45 % . The 5-year overall survival , disease-free survival , and local control rate was 74 % , 50 % , and 86 % , respectively . On multivariate analyses , the favorable factors were younger age and tumor size < 4 cm for survival ; younger age , extramedullary localization , and RT for disease-free survival ; and small tumor and RT for local control . Bone localization was the only predictor of MM development . Progression to MM remains the main problem . Patients with extramedullary SP had the best outcomes , especially when treated with moderate-dose RT. . Chemotherapy and/or novel therapies should be investigated for bone or bulky extramedullary SP. . The Cyberknife delivers frameless image-guided stereotactic radiosurgery to intracranial and extracranial tumors . We report our use of Cyberknife radiosurgery on a medullary plasmacytoma in the clivus extending into the foramen magnum . No acute toxicity was seen during or within 24 hours of treatment , and the subject had a complete and durable radiographic response on MRI 12 + months after treatment . To our knowledge , this is a first case of successful Cyberknife radiosurgery of a medullary plasmacytoma .
We performed a phase I trial of FANG vaccine , an autologous tumor-based product incorporating a plasmid encoding granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor -LRB- GMCSF -RRB- and a novel bifunctional short hairpin RNAi -LRB- bi-shRNAi -RRB- targeting furin convertase , thereby downregulating endogenous immunosuppressive transforming growth factors -LRB- TGF -RRB- β1 and β2 . Patients with advanced cancer received up to 12 monthly intradermal injections of FANG vaccine -LRB- 1 × 10 -LRB- 7 -RRB- or 2.5 × 10 -LRB- 7 -RRB- cells/ml injection -RRB- . GMCSF , TGFβ1 , TGFβ2 , and furin proteins were quantified by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay -LRB- ELISA -RRB- . Safety and response were monitored . Vaccine manufacturing was successful in 42 of 46 patients of whom 27 received ≥ 1 vaccine . There were no treatment-related serious adverse events . Most common grade 1 , 2 adverse events included local induration -LRB- n = 14 -RRB- and local erythema -LRB- n = 11 -RRB- at injection site . Post-transfection mean product expression GMCSF increased from 7.3 to 1,108 pg/10 -LRB- 6 -RRB- cells/ml . Neither dose-adverse event nor dose-response relationship was noted . In conclusion , FANG vaccine was safe and elicited an immune response correlating with prolonged survival .
Regulation of FSH secretion in the male involves a complex balance between stimulation by GnRH from the hypothalamus , inhibitory feedback by sex steroids -LRB- T and E2 -RRB- and inhibin B -LRB- Inh B -RRB- from the gonads , and autocrine/paracrine modulation by activin and follistatin within the pituitary . The aim of the present study was to delineate the feedback control of FSH in the human male with specific reference to the relative roles of sex steroids vs. Inh B. Two experimental human models were used : 1 -RRB- normal -LRB- NL -RRB- men subjected to acute sex steroid withdrawal -LRB- - T , - E2 , + Inh B -RRB- , and 2 -RRB- functional castrate males -LRB- - T , - E2 , - Inh B -RRB- . Nine NL men -LRB- age range , 25-45 yr -RRB- and three castrate males -LRB- age range , 23-47 yr -RRB- were studied . Gonadotropin secretion was characterized by frequent blood sampling every 10 min for 12 h at baseline and on d 3 and 6 of sex steroid ablation . In the three castrate subjects , blood sampling was performed every 5 min for 24 h 8 wk after discontinuing androgen replacement therapy . In the NL men , treatment with ketoconazole resulted in a decline to castrate levels in T -LRB- 451 + / - 20 to 38 + / - 7 ng/dl ; P < 0.0005 -RRB- and E2 -LRB- 39 + / - 4 to 15 + / - 2 pg/ml ; P < 0.005 -RRB- and a modest , but significant , decline in Inh B levels , which remained within the normal range -LRB- 183 + / - 19 to 136 + / - 13 pg/ml ; P < 0.005 -RRB- . This suppression of sex steroids was associated with a more marked increase in mean LH -LRB- 9.5 + / - 0.9 to 24.9 + / - 2.0 IU/liter ; P < 0.0001 -RRB- than FSH levels -LRB- 5.1 + / - 0.7 to 10.0 + / - 1.5 IU/liter ; P < 0.005 -RRB- , with the latter not exceeding the normal adult male range . The castrate subjects had a mean T level of 66 + / - 8 ng/dl , an E2 level of 20 + / - 1 pg/ml , and undetectable Inh B levels . Despite a similar sex steroid milieu , the mean FSH levels observed in NL men after acute sex steroid ablation were approximately 6-fold lower than those seen in the castrate subjects -LRB- 10.0 + / - 1.5 vs. 59.5 + / - 17.7 IU/liter ; P < 0.0005 -RRB- . In contrast , mean LH levels in the NL men were less than 3-fold lower than those in castrate subjects -LRB- 24.9 + / - 2.0 vs. 66.8 + / - 20.1 IU/liter ; P < 0.005 -RRB- . From this human model of acute sex steroid withdrawal , we conclude that Inh B is likely to be the major feedback regulator of FSH secretion in the human male . Adult patients with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism -LRB- IHH -RRB- typically present with absent puberty and therefore have prepubertal testes . IHH is recognized as one of the few curable causes of male infertility and is often effectively treated with either gonadotropins or pulsatile GnRH therapy . The objective of this study was to determine the structure of the testis prior to initiation of treatment . Eight adult IHH patients with prepubertal testes -LRB- < 4 ml -RRB- , with no previous gonadotropin therapy and with no history of cryptorchidism underwent open bilateral testicular biopsy prior to the initiation of hormonal treatment . The testes of all patients showed seminiferous cords separated by interstitium composed of blood vessels , connective tissue cells and collagen fibres but typical adult Leydig cells were absent . The cords contained only Sertoli cells and early type A spermatogonia . The spermatogonia mostly resided in the centre of the cords and were often large , typical of gonocytes . Sertoli cells appeared immature with ovoid nuclei devoid of infoldings and cytoplasm that lacked polarity . These results demonstrate that the immature testes from patients with the severe form of IHH possess early spermatogonia that could possibly reinitiate spermatogenesis with appropriate hormone stimulation . Therefore , the immature testis of this IHH subset resembles those of prepubertal boys and may provide important biologic and genetic insights into testicular development .
The sources of human exposure to low-frequency noise and its effects are reviewed . Low-frequency noise is common as background noise in urban environments , and as an emission from many artificial sources : road vehicles , aircraft , industrial machinery , artillery and mining explosions , and air movement machinery including wind turbines , compressors , and ventilation or air-conditioning units . The effects of low-frequency noise are of particular concern because of its pervasiveness due to numerous sources , efficient propagation , and reduced efficacy of many structures -LRB- dwellings , walls , and hearing protection -RRB- in attenuating low-frequency noise compared with other noise . Intense low-frequency noise appears to produce clear symptoms including respiratory impairment and aural pain . Although the effects of lower intensities of low-frequency noise are difficult to establish for methodological reasons , evidence suggests that a number of adverse effects of noise in general arise from exposure to low-frequency noise : Loudness judgments and annoyance reactions are sometimes reported to be greater for low-frequency noise than other noises for equal sound-pressure level ; annoyance is exacerbated by rattle or vibration induced by low-frequency noise ; speech intelligibility may be reduced more by low-frequency noise than other noises except those in the frequency range of speech itself , because of the upward spread of masking . On the other hand , it is also possible that low-frequency noise provides some protection against the effects of simultaneous higher frequency noise on hearing . Research needs and policy decisions , based on what is currently known , are considered . Wind turbine noise exposure and suspected health-related effects thereof have attracted substantial attention . Various symptoms such as sleep-related problems , headache , tinnitus and vertigo have been described by subjects suspected of having been exposed to wind turbine noise . This review was conducted systematically with the purpose of identifying any reported associations between wind turbine noise exposure and suspected health-related effects . A search of the scientific literature concerning the health-related effects of wind turbine noise was conducted on PubMed , Web of Science , Google Scholar and various other Internet sources . All studies investigating suspected health-related outcomes associated with wind turbine noise exposure were included . Wind turbines emit noise , including low-frequency noise , which decreases incrementally with increases in distance from the wind turbines . Likewise , evidence of a dose-response relationship between wind turbine noise linked to noise annoyance , sleep disturbance and possibly even psychological distress was present in the literature . Currently , there is no further existing statistically-significant evidence indicating any association between wind turbine noise exposure and tinnitus , hearing loss , vertigo or headache . Selection bias and information bias of differing magnitudes were found to be present in all current studies investigating wind turbine noise exposure and adverse health effects . Only articles published in English , German or Scandinavian languages were reviewed . Exposure to wind turbines does seem to increase the risk of annoyance and self-reported sleep disturbance in a dose-response relationship . There appears , though , to be a tolerable level of around LAeq of 35 dB . Of the many other claimed health effects of wind turbine noise exposure reported in the literature , however , no conclusive evidence could be found . Future studies should focus on investigations aimed at objectively demonstrating whether or not measureable health-related outcomes can be proven to fluctuate depending on exposure to wind turbines . This review examines the literature related to health effects of wind turbines . We reviewed literature related to sound measurements near turbines , epidemiological and experimental studies , and factors associated with annoyance . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Infrasound sound near wind turbines does not exceed audibility thresholds . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Epidemiological studies have shown associations between living near wind turbines and annoyance . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Infrasound and low-frequency sound do not present unique health risks . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Annoyance seems more strongly related to individual characteristics than noise from turbines . Further areas of inquiry include enhanced noise characterization , analysis of predicted noise values contrasted with measured levels postinstallation , longitudinal assessments of health pre - and postinstallation , experimental studies in which subjects are `` blinded '' to the presence or absence of infrasound , and enhanced measurement techniques to evaluate annoyance . The function of the organ was followed by measuring its physiological response . Static pressure applied in the basal coil caused a distention of the RM in the apical coil into the scala vestibuli . The sensitivity to a test tone was reduced . When the pressure was relieved , the RM returned to its original position and the response recovered . If the increased pressure was maintained , the RM would bulge further . The RM could then be reversibly stretched and return gradually , with a delay , to its original position . Alternatively , it could be over-stretched and return with an over-shoot past its original position toward the organ of Corti . In response to repetitive tone pulses of above 80 dB , hydrops of the RM also developed . This was accompanied by a reduced sensitivity . A slow recovery to the original position , or over-shoot , and return of responsiveness could be seen . Above 106 dB sustained loss was generally seen . It is concluded that the RM can accommodate increased scala media pressure by distention . This will relieve the organ of Corti from part of the pressure and may protect the organ from trauma . Low-frequency sounds presented at high nontraumatizing levels induce temporary hyperacusis in humans and animals . One explanation of this finding is that the basilar membrane operating point may be disturbed by an endolymph volume change . This possibility was investigated using volume and flow markers iontophoresed into the endolymphatic space of guinea pigs . Marker concentrations were measured with ion-selective microelectrodes placed apically
The purpose of the Correction of Myopia Evaluation Trial -LRB- COMET -RRB- was to evaluate the effect of progressive addition lenses -LRB- PALs -RRB- compared with single vision lenses -LRB- SVLs -RRB- on the progression of juvenile-onset myopia . COMET enrolled 469 children -LRB- ages 6-11 years -RRB- with myopia between -1.25 and -4.50 D spherical equivalent . The children were recruited at four colleges of optometry in the United States and were ethnically diverse . They were randomly assigned to receive either PALs with a +2.00 addition -LRB- n = 235 -RRB- or SVLs -LRB- n = 234 -RRB- , the conventional spectacle treatment for myopia , and were followed for 3 years . The primary outcome measure was progression of myopia , as determined by autorefraction after cycloplegia with 2 drops of 1 % tropicamide at each annual visit . The secondary outcome measure was change in axial length of the eyes , as assessed by A-scan ultrasonography . Child-based analyses -LRB- i.e. , the mean of the two eyes -RRB- were used . Results were adjusted for important covariates , by using multiple linear regression . Of the 469 children -LRB- mean age at baseline , 9.3 + / - 1.3 years -RRB- , 462 -LRB- 98.5 % -RRB- completed the 3-year visit . Mean -LRB- + / - SE -RRB- 3-year increases in myopia -LRB- spherical equivalent -RRB- were -1.28 + / - 0.06 D in the PAL group and -1.48 + / - 0.06 D in the SVL group . The 3-year difference in progression of 0.20 + / - 0.08 D between the two groups was statistically significant -LRB- P = 0.004 -RRB- . At 6 months , 17 % of the PAL group versus 30 % of the SVL group needed a prescription change -LRB- P = 0.0007 -RRB- , and , at 1 year , 43 % of the PAL group versus 59 % of the SVL group required a prescription change -LRB- P = 0.002 -RRB- . Interaction analyses identified a significantly larger treatment effect of PALs in children with lower versus higher baseline accommodative response at near -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- and with lower versus higher baseline myopia -LRB- P = 0.04 -RRB- . Mean -LRB- + / - SE -RRB- increases in the axial length of eyes of children in the PAL and SVL groups , respectively , were : 0.64 + / - 0.02 mm and 0.75 + / - 0.02 mm , with a statistically significant 3-year mean difference of 0.11 + / - 0.03 mm -LRB- P = 0.0002 -RRB- . Mean changes in axial length correlated with those in refractive error -LRB- r = 0.86 for PAL and 0.89 for SVL -RRB- . Use of PALs compared with SVLs slowed the progression of myopia in COMET children by a small , statistically significant amount only during the first year . The size of the treatment effect remained similar and significant for the next 2 years . The results provide some support for the COMET rationale-that is , a role for defocus in progression of myopia . The small magnitude of the effect does not warrant a change in clinical practice . To examine associations between myopia and measures of urbanization in a population-based sample of 12-year-old Australian children . Questionnaire data on sociodemographic and environmental factors including ethnicity , parental education , and time spent in near work and outdoor activities were collected from 2367 children -LRB- 75.0 % response -RRB- and their parents . Population density data for the Sydney area were used to construct five urban regions . Myopia was defined as spherical equivalent refraction < / = -0.50 D. Myopia prevalence was lowest in the outer suburban region -LRB- 6.9 % -RRB- and highest in the inner city region -LRB- 17.8 % -RRB- , with mean refraction tending toward greater myopia by region -LRB- outer suburban to inner city -RRB- , after adjustment for age , sex , ethnicity , near work , outdoor activity , and parental myopia . Multivariate-adjusted analyses confirmed greater odds for myopia in regions of higher population density -LRB- P -LRB- trend -RRB- = 0.0001 -RRB- . Myopia was significantly more prevalent among children living in apartment residences than other housing types -LRB- chi -LRB- 2 -RRB- < 0.0001 -RRB- , after adjustment for ethnicity , near work , and outdoor activity . Housing density -LRB- measured as the number of houses visible from a front door -RRB- was not significantly associated with myopia -LRB- chi -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0.1 -RRB- . For both European Caucasian and East Asian children , myopia was most prevalent in the inner city region -LRB- 8.1 % and 55.1 % , for European Caucasian and East Asian , respectively -RRB- . The higher myopia prevalence in inner city-urban areas compared with outer suburban areas for this large childhood sample suggest that even moderate environmental differences within a predominantly urban setting may be associated with increased odds of myopia . These findings are consistent with previous reports of rural-urban differences in childhood myopia . To estimate the societal economic burden and the governmental budgetary impact of the following visual disorders among US adults aged 40 years and older : visual impairment , blindness , refractive error , age-related macular degeneration , cataracts , diabetic retinopathy , and primary open-angle glaucoma . We estimated 3 components of economic burden : direct medical costs , other direct costs , and productivity losses . We used private insurance and Medicare claims data to estimate direct medical costs ; epidemiologic evidence from multiple published sources to estimate other direct costs , such as nursing home costs ; and data from the Survey of Income and Program Participation to estimate productivity losses . We used budgetary documents and our direct medical and other direct cost estimates to approximate the governmental budgetary impact . We estimated that the annual total financial burden of major adult visual
The role of nesiritide in pediatric heart failure has not been examined . In the present study , we reviewed our initial experience with nesiritide in children with primary heart failure or low cardiac output after heart surgery . Nesiritide was administered in an open-label fashion to patients with heart failure who were already receiving inotropic and diuretic therapy . Between July 2003 and August 2004 , 30 patients aged 5 days to 16.7 yrs -LRB- median age , 4.6 months -RRB- received nesiritide therapy . Diagnoses included single-ventricle congenital defect -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- , two-ventricle congenital defect -LRB- n = 13 -RRB- , heart transplant -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- , and dilated cardiomyopathy -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- . Sixteen patients were started on nesiritide within 2 wks of corrective or palliative heart surgery . The majority of subjects -LRB- n = 24 -RRB- received an initial bolus dose . Continuous infusion dosage ranged between 0.005 and 0.02 microg.kg.min . Duration of therapy ranged from 1 to 24 days -LRB- median , 4 days -RRB- . Administration of nesiritide was associated with improvement in fluid balance from positive 0.8 + / - 1.9 mL.kg.hr at baseline to negative 0.3 + / - 1.8 mL.kg.hr after 24 hrs of therapy -LRB- p = .02 -RRB- . There was a nonsignificant trend toward a reduction in right atrial pressure -LRB- 9.2 + / - 3.9 vs. 11.2 + / - 4.1 , p = .08 -RRB- . We report the use of nesiritide in two infants following cardiac surgery . Both infants had increased intracardiac filling pressures postoperatively , despite traditional afterload reduction and diuretics . Both infants demonstrated clinical improvement with nesiritide therapy . There is currently limited data available describing the use of nesiritide in infants .
Past studies have reported impairments in children with early-treated phenylketonuria -LRB- PKU -RRB- in executive abilities such as strategic processing and working memory . Findings have been inconsistent in terms of the integrity of inhibitory control , another executive ability . This study administered 4 inhibitory tasks -LRB- flanker , Stroop , go/no-go , antisaccade -RRB- to 26 children with PKU and 25 typically developing control children . Children with PKU performed more poorly than typically developing children on the 2 inhibitory tasks with the strongest experimental manipulations -LRB- go/no-go and antisaccade -RRB- between control and inhibitory conditions . Findings suggest that the inhibitory deficit associated with PKU is subtle and that inconsistent findings in past studies may be largely due to the insensitivity of experimental manipulations in some tasks . The prefrontal cortex of the brain has been shown to play a crucial role in working memory , and age-related changes in prefrontal function may contribute to the improvements in working memory that are observed during childhood . We examined the developmental trajectory of working memory in school-age children with early-treated phenylketonuria -LRB- PKU -RRB- , a metabolic disorder that results in prefrontal dysfunction . Using a recognition procedure , we evaluated working memory for letters , abstract objects , and spatial locations in 20 children with PKU and 20 typically developing control children . Children in both groups ranged from 6 to 17 years of age . Our findings revealed poorer performance across all three types of materials for children with PKU . In addition , there was a significant difference in the developmental trajectory of working memory for children with PKU as compared with controls . Specifically , deficits were not apparent in younger children with PKU . Instead , deficits were observed only in older children , suggesting the presence of a developmental deficit rather than a developmental delay in the working memory of children with PKU . The prefrontal cortex has been implicated in the mediation of executive processes that facilitate learning and memory . The authors hypothesized that children with prefrontal dysfunction related to phenylketonuria -LRB- PKU -RRB- would experience deficits in learning and memory because of impaired strategy use . Children with PKU , especially older children , showed poorer learning across trials and less use of semantic clustering on the CVLT-C but intact retention of previously encoded information . With the exception of phonemic fluency , deficits were not observed in general executive control . Results are discussed within the context of abnormalities in the prefrontal cortex and white matter of the brain .
To provide a single source for the best available estimates of the national prevalence of arthritis in general and of selected musculoskeletal disorders -LRB- osteoarthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , juvenile rheumatoid arthritis , the spondylarthropathies , systemic lupus erythematosus , scleroderma , polymyalgia rheumatica/giant cell arteritis , gout , fibromyalgia , and low back pain -RRB- . The National Arthritis Data Workgroup reviewed data from available surveys , such as the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey series . For overall national estimates , we used surveys based on representative samples . Because data based on national population samples are unavailable for most specific musculoskeletal conditions , we derived data from various smaller survey samples from defined populations . Prevalence estimates from these surveys were linked to 1990 US Bureau of the Census population data to calculate national estimates . We also estimated the expected frequency of arthritis in the year 2020 . Current national estimates are provided , with important caveats regarding their interpretation , for self-reported arthritis and selected conditions . An estimated 15 % -LRB- 40 million -RRB- of Americans had some form of arthritis in 1995 . By the year 2020 , an estimated 18.2 % -LRB- 59.4 million -RRB- will be affected . Given the limitations of the data on which they are based , this report provides the best available prevalence estimates for arthritis and other rheumatic conditions overall , and for selected musculoskeletal disorders , in the US population . The aim of this study was to estimate the prevalence and pattern of radiographic changes of osteoarthritis -LRB- OA -RRB- of the knee by age and gender in Caucasian participants in the Baltimore Longitudinal Study of Aging . Bilateral standing weight-bearing radiographs of the knee in 547 male and 351 female subjects -LRB- aged 20 and above -RRB- were read for changes of knee OA using Kellgren-Lawrence and individual features scales . Prevalence of definite -LRB- Kellgren-Lawrence grade > or = 2 changes -RRB- knee OA increased with advancing age in both sexes . Approximately 50 percent in both sexes showed bilateral involvement . Men aged 59 and below were more likely to have unilateral impairment than men aged 60 and above ; no such differences were found in females . These data demonstrate that age and gender influence both the prevalence and pattern of radiographic changes of knee OA . We report the results of a population based analysis of all health services used and charges incurred over a one-year period among a community based cohort of persons with a diagnosis of arthritis -LSB- including both osteoarthritis -LRB- OA -RRB- and rheumatoid arthritis -LRB- RA -RRB- -RSB- compared to a similar cohort of individuals from the same community who have never had a diagnosis of arthritis -LRB- NA -RRB- , to examine the attributable costs of this chronic condition . The unique resources of the Rochester Epidemiology Project were used to assemble the arthritis prevalence cohorts and the population based control cohort . The Olmsted County Health Care Utilization and Expenditures Database was used to collect information on health services utilization and charges . The average direct medical charges for the RA , OA , and NA cohorts were $ 3,802.05 , $ 2,654.51 , and $ 1,387.83 , respectively -LRB- age and sex adjusted , p < 0.0001 for both the RA vs NA and OA vs NA comparisons -RRB- . The median charges for these 3 groups were $ 1,050.00 , $ 663.55 , and $ 232.04 for the RA , OA , and NA groups , respectively -LRB- age and sex adjusted p < 0.0001 for both the RA vs NA and OA vs NA comparisons -RRB- . These analyses indicated that , compared to the NA cohort both the OA and the RA prevalence cohorts incurred statistically significantly more charges , not only for the musculoskeletal disease care , but also for the care of numerous other conditions including respiratory , cardiovascular , gastrointestinal , neurological , and psychiatric conditions ; and for general medical care . Individuals with arthritis -LRB- both OA and RA -RRB- also incurred statistically significantly more charges for diagnostic and therapeutic procedures , in-hospital care , imaging studies , physician services , equipment , and laboratory studies . Use of prescription medications was statistically significantly more common in the RA and OA groups compared to NA -LRB- 96.3 , 96 , and 83 % , respectively ; age and sex adjusted p = 0.006 for the OA vs NA comparison and p = 0.015 for RA vs NA -RRB- . These results emphasize the importance of considering all health services utilization -LRB- rather than only disease specific use -RRB- when estimating the economic effect of a chronic illness such as arthritis . To investigate the clinical efficacy of the Generation II -LRB- G II -RRB- knee brace , a newly developed knee orthosis , on patients experiencing severe medial compartment osteoarthritis -LRB- OA -RRB- of the knee . Case series . A national medical and pharmaceutical hospital in Japan . Twenty primary OA subjects -LRB- excluding those with secondary OA -RRB- , all older than 55 years of age and experiencing only knee joint problems , were selected according to their ability to walk more than 500 meters independent of support . These patients had arthritis in both knees and no less than one half of normal joint space remaining as revealed by roentgenogram studies . The more severely affected side was selected for bracing . For 12 months , each patient wore a G II knee brace on the affected knee on a daily basis , removing it only at night . To evaluate the effects of G II OA brace alone , additional use of new oral drugs or any other treatment was prohibited from 1 month before application of the G II OA brace and throughout the trial period . Clinical efficacy was evaluated using the Japan Orthopaedic Association 's
Transarterial chemoembolization -LRB- TACE -RRB- is considered the gold standard for treating intermediate-stage hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- . However , intermediate-stage HCC includes a heterogeneous population of patients with varying tumour burdens , liver function -LRB- Child-Pugh A or B -RRB- and disease aetiology . This suggests that not all patients with intermediate-stage HCC will derive similar benefit from TACE , and that some patients may benefit from other treatment options . Results of an extensive literature review into the treatment of unresectable HCC with TACE were combined with our own clinical experience to identify factors that may predict survival after TACE . We also report contraindications to TACE and propose a treatment algorithm for the repetition of TACE . In addition , we have constructed a number of expert opinions that may be used as a guide to help physicians make treatment decisions for their patients with intermediate-stage HCC . The data included in the literature review related almost exclusively to conventional TACE , rather than to TACE with drug-eluting beads . By distinguishing those patients who represent good candidates for TACE from those where little or no benefit might be expected , it may be possible to make better use of current treatment options and improve outcomes for patients . The intermediate stage of hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- comprises a highly heterogeneous patient population and therefore poses unique challenges for therapeutic management , different from the early and advanced stages . Patients classified as having intermediate HCC by the Barcelona Clinic Liver Cancer -LRB- BCLC -RRB- staging system present with varying tumor burden and liver function . Transarterial chemoembolization -LRB- TACE -RRB- is currently recommended as the standard of care in this setting , but there is considerable variation in the clinical benefit patients derive from this treatment.In April 2012 , a panel of experts convened to discuss unresolved issues surrounding the application of current guidelines when managing patients with intermediate HCC . The meeting explored the applicability of a subclassification system for intermediate HCC patients to tailor therapeutic interventions based on the evidence available to date and expert opinion . The present report summarizes the proposal of the expert panel : four substages of intermediate HCC patients , B1 to B4 . Hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- presents with a high burden of disease in East Asian countries . Intermediate-stage HCC as defined by the Barcelona Clinic Liver Cancer -LRB- BCLC -RRB- staging system poses a clinical challenge as it includes a heterogeneous population of patients that can vary widely in terms of tumour burden , liver function and disease aetiology . Intermediate HCC patients often have unsatisfactory clinical outcomes with repeated transarterial chemoembolization -LRB- TACE , due to non-response of the target tumour or the development of further metastasis indicating progressive disease . In September 2011 , an Expert Panel Opinion on Interventions in Hepatocellular Carcinoma -LRB- EPOIHCC -RRB- was convened in HK in an attempt to provide a consensus on the practice of TACE . To that end , current clinical practice throughout Asia was reviewed in detail including safety and efficacy data on TACE alone as well as in combination with targeted systemic therapies . This review summarises the evidence discussed at the meeting and provides expert recommendation regarding the available therapeutic options for unresectable intermediate stage HCC . A key consensus of the Expert Panel was that in order to improve patient outcomes and long-term survival , the possibility of using TACE in combination with targeted agents given systemically should be explored . While the currently available clinical data is promising , the expected completion of several pivotal phase II and III RCTs will provide further evidence in support of the rationale for combination therapy regimens . We aimed to establish an objective point score to guide the decision for retreatment with transarterial chemoembolization -LRB- TACE -RRB- in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- . In all , 222 patients diagnosed with HCC and treated with multiple TACE cycles between January 1999 and December 2009 at the Departments of Gastroenterology/Hepatology of the Medical Universities of Vienna -LRB- training cohort -RRB- and Innsbruck -LRB- validation cohort -RRB- were included . We investigated the effect of the first TACE on parameters of liver function and tumor response and their impact on overall survival -LRB- OS , log rank test -RRB- and developed a point score -LRB- ART score : Assessment for Retreatment with TACE -RRB- in the training cohort -LRB- n = 107 , Vienna -RRB- by using a stepwise Cox regression model . The ART score was externally validated in an independent validation cohort -LRB- n = 115 , Innsbruck -RRB- . The increase of aspartate aminotransferase -LRB- AST -RRB- by > 25 % -LRB- hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- 8.4 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- , an increase of Child-Pugh score of 1 -LRB- HR 2.0 -RRB- or ≥ 2 points -LRB- HR 4.4 -RRB- -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- from baseline , and the absence of radiologic tumor response -LRB- HR 1.7 ; P = 0.026 -RRB- remained independent negative prognostic factors for OS and were used to create the ART score . The ART score differentiated two groups -LRB- 0-1.5 points ; ≥ 2.5 points -RRB- with distinct prognosis -LRB- median OS : 23.7 versus 6.6 months ; P < 0.001 -RRB- and a higher ART score was associated with major adverse events after the second TACE -LRB- P = 0.011 -RRB- . These results were confirmed in the external validation cohort and remained significant irrespective of Child-Pugh stage and the presence of ascites prior the second TACE . An ART score of ≥ 2.5 prior the second TACE identifies patients with a dismal prognosis who may not profit from further TACE sessions . -LRB- HEPATOLOGY 2013 ; 57:2261-2273 -RRB- . Recently , we developed the ART score -LRB- assessment for re-treatment with TACE -RRB- to guide the decision for a second transarterial chemoembolization -LRB- TACE-2 -RRB- in
Fecal microbiota transplantation -LRB- FMT -RRB- has attracted great interest in recent years , largely due to the global Clostridium difficile infection -LRB- CDI -RRB- epidemic and major advances in metagenomic sequencing of the gastrointestinal -LRB- GI -RRB- microbiota , with growing understanding of its structure and function . FMT is now recommended as the most effective therapy for relapsing CDI and , with further refinement , may even be used in `` first-time '' CDI . There is interest also in other conditions related to GI dysbiosis -- for example , inflammatory bowel disease , irritable bowel syndrome , obesity , and diabetes mellitus -- although quality evidence is at present lacking . A few trials are now underway in FMT for ulcerative colitis . Many unanswered questions remain , including FMT methodology -- for example , optimal route of administration , what makes a `` good donor , '' safety issues , and long-term effects of FMT . Parkinson 's disease is associated with gastrointestinal motility abnormalities favoring the occurrence of local infections . The aim of this study was to investigate whether small intestinal bacterial overgrowth contributes to the pathophysiology of motor fluctuations . Thirty-three patients and 30 controls underwent glucose , lactulose , and urea breath tests to detect small intestinal bacterial overgrowth and Helicobacter pylori infection . Patients also underwent ultrasonography to evaluate gastric emptying . The clinical status and plasma concentration of levodopa were assessed after an acute drug challenge with a standard dose of levodopa , and motor complications were assessed by Unified Parkinson 's Disease Rating Scale-IV and by 1-week diaries of motor conditions . Patients with small intestinal bacterial overgrowth were treated with rifaximin and were clinically and instrumentally reevaluated 1 and 6 months later . Compared with patients without any infection , the prevalence of unpredictable fluctuations was significantly higher in patients with both infections -LRB- 8.3 % vs. 87.5 % ; P = .008 -RRB- . Gastric half-emptying time was significantly longer in patients than in healthy controls but did not differ in patients based on their infective status . Compared with patients without isolated small intestinal bacterial overgrowth , patients with isolated small intestinal bacterial overgrowth had longer off time daily and more episodes of delayed-on and no-on . The eradication of small intestinal bacterial overgrowth resulted in improvement in motor fluctuations without affecting the pharmacokinetics of levodopa . © 2013 Movement Disorder Society . The goal of the present study was to clarify the clinical characteristics and laboratory results of parkinsonian symptoms among patients with and without camptocormia . Seventy-eight Parkinson 's disease -LRB- PD -RRB- patients with camptocormia and 78 PD patients without camptocormia underwent a neurological examination , a blood test , and spinal magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- . PD with camptocormia group and PD with non-camptocormia group were matched on age , age at PD onset , and sex . Camptocormia group had significantly higher prevalence of compression fractures , more severe parkinsonian symptoms , and a greater incidence of dementia than those without camptocormia . Serum creatine kinase levels in camptocormia group significantly elevated compared with non-camptocormia group . There were higher prevalence of abnormal findings in spine MRI including compression fractures and paravertebral muscle changes in camptocormia group compared with non-camptocormia group . Camptocormia is associated with a greater prevalence of compression fractures and associated with greater UPDRS part II , part III score , axial score , and lower MMSE in this cross-sectional study .
The authors tested the effect of agency assignment and agentic images on young adults ' -LRB- N = 246 -RRB- reactions to educational materials about H1N1 influenza . The authors hypothesized that assigning agency to the virus would heighten perceived severity and personal susceptibility relative to human agency assignment . Results were consistent with this hypothesis , indicating that virus agency increased perceptions of severity , personal susceptibility , and reported intentions to seek vaccination relative to human agency . The image manipulation did not directly affect these factors . The findings suggest that strategic agency assignment can improve the effectiveness of educational materials about influenza and other health threats . To examine the impact of different presentations of equivalent information -LRB- framing -RRB- on treatment decisions faced by patients . A systematic review of the published literature was conducted . English language publications allocating participants to different frames were retrieved using electronic and bibliographic searches . Two reviewers examined each article for inclusion , and assessed methodological quality . Study characteristics were tabulated and where possible , relative risks -LRB- RR ; 95 % confidence intervals -RRB- were calculated to estimate intervention effects . Thirty-seven articles , yielding 40 experimental studies , were included . Studies examined treatment -LRB- N = 24 -RRB- , immunization -LRB- N = 5 -RRB- , or health behavior scenarios -LRB- N = 11 -RRB- . Overall , active treatments were preferred when outcomes were described in terms of relative rather than absolute risk reductions or number needed to treat . Surgery was preferred to other treatments when treatment efficacy was presented in a positive frame -LRB- survival -RRB- rather than a negative frame -LRB- mortality -RRB- -LRB- relative risk -LSB- RR -RSB- = 1.51 , 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 1.39 to 1.64 -RRB- . Framing effects were less obvious for immunization and health behavior scenarios . Those with little interest in the behavior at baseline were influenced by framing , particularly when information was presented as gains . In studies judged to be of good methodological quality and/or examining actual decisions , the framing effect , although still evident , was less convincing compared to the results of all included studies . The aim of this review was to identify factors predicting actual or intended adherence to antivirals as treatment or prophylaxis for influenza . Literature from inception to March 2015 was systematically reviewed to find studies reporting predictors of adherence to antivirals and self-reported reasons for non-adherence to antivirals . Twenty-six studies were included in the review ; twenty identified through the literature search and six through other means . Of these studies , 18 assessed predictors of actual adherence to antivirals , whereas eight assessed predictors of intended adherence . The most commonly found predictor of , and self-reported reason for , non-adherence was the occurrence of side effects . Other predictors include perceptions surrounding self-efficacy , response efficacy and perceived personal consequences as well as social influences of others ' experiences of taking antivirals . Predictors identified in this review can be used to help inform communications to increase adherence to antivirals in both seasonal and pandemic influenza .
This study aimed to assess the prevalence of bacterial vaginosis -LRB- BV -RRB- and other cervicovaginal infections , as well as the incidence of complications among new users of IUD , 1 and 6 months after its insertion , in the City of Campinas , Brazil . A total of 223 women who had a TCu-380A IUD inserted from May through November 2001 , were included in the study . After the IUD insertion all women were scheduled to two additional visits : after 1 month and after 6 months , when they were interviewed and a pelvic examination was performed , along with a collection of specimens from the vagina and the endocervix for laboratory testing . The Nugent 's criterion was used for the BV diagnosis . They were also evaluated with regard to presence of complications possibly related to IUD insertion and use , i.e. , abnormal bleeding , dysmenorrhea , expulsion and pelvic inflammatory disease . The prevalence of cervicovaginal infections was 29.1 % , BV being the most frequent -LRB- 19.7 % -RRB- . A trend of abnormal bleeding being more frequent among women with BV was also found . In conclusion , BV after 1 month of IUD insertion was not associated with IUD complications , with the exception of dysmenorrhea . To evaluate the relationship between douching and bacterial vaginosis -LRB- BV -RRB- among women with and without prior abnormal vaginal flora . 1193 women had vaginal swabs obtained for Gram stain for BV , culture for vaginal microflora , and DNA amplification for Neisseria gonorrhoeae and Chlamydia trachomatis at baseline and 6 , 12 , 24 , and 36 months . Self-reported douching was queried every 6 months . In cross-sectional analyses , douching at least once per month was associated with BV among women who had BV at the immediately preceding visit but not among women with normal or intermediate flora . In prospective analyses , douching increased the risk of acquisition for BV among women with intermediate flora -LRB- adj. HR 1.5 , 95 % CI 1.1-2.4 -RRB- but not among women with normal flora . Douching appeared to be associated with BV among women with already imbalanced flora but not among women with normal flora . Vaginal douching and bacterial vaginosis -LRB- BV -RRB- are independently associated with spontaneous preterm birth . Because the interrelationships among these variables remain unclear , we sought to examine the associations in a prospective study . We conducted a nested case-control study within a prospectively recruited cohort of pregnant women . We prospectively collected demographic and health status data , data on pre-pregnancy vaginal douching , vaginal smears for bacterial vaginosis as defined by Nugent 's criteria , fetal fibronectin at 26 weeks of pregnancy , and placental pathology at delivery . Spontaneous preterm births before 37 weeks ' gestation were selected as cases . All spontaneous births occurring after 37 weeks were potential control subjects . To limit costs , some tests were performed only in selected control subjects . Preterm birth occurred in 207 of 5092 women -LRB- 4.1 % -RRB- . In bivariate analysis , BV was not associated with preterm birth -LRB- OR 1.2 ; 95 % CI 0.5 to 2.4 -RRB- . Vaginal douching was significantly associated with bacterial vaginosis -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- and preterm birth -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . Vaginal douching and bacterial vaginosis were not associated with spontaneous preterm birth overall . However , vaginal douching appears to be an independent and potentially modifiable risk factor for early preterm birth -LRB- 32-34 weeks -RRB- , although the mechanism remains unclear . To assess the association between vaginal douching and sexually transmitted infections -LRB- STI -RRB- among a group of female sex workers -LRB- FSWs -RRB- in Nairobi , Kenya . This study was part of a randomised , placebo controlled trial of monthly prophylaxis with 1 g of azithromycin to prevent STIs and HIV infection in a cohort of Nairobi FSWs . Consenting women were administered a questionnaire and screened for STIs . The seroprevalence of HIV-1 among 543 FSWs screened was 30 % . HIV infection was significantly associated with bacterial vaginosis -LRB- BV -RRB- , trichomoniasis , gonorrhoea , and the presence of a genital ulcer . Regular douching was reported by 72 % of the women , of whom the majority inserted fluids in the vagina , generally after each sexual intercourse . Water with soap was the fluid most often used -LRB- 81 % -RRB- , followed by salty water -LRB- 18 % -RRB- , water alone -LRB- 9 % -RRB- , and a commercial antiseptic -LRB- 5 % -RRB- . Douching in general and douching with soap and water were significantly associated with bacterial vaginosis -LRB- p = 0.05 and p = 0.04 respectively -RRB- . There was a significant trend for increased frequency of douching and higher prevalence of BV . There was no direct relation observed between douching and risk for HIV infection or other STIs . The widespread habit of douching among African female sex workers was confirmed . The association between vaginal douching and BV is of concern , given the increased risk of HIV infection with BV , which has now been shown in several studies . It is unclear why we could not demonstrate a direct association between douching and HIV infection . Further research is required to better understand the complex relation between douching , risk for bacterial vaginosis , and risk for HIV and other STIs . This study aims to identify the alterations in cervicovaginal flora after insertion of TCu 380A which is a popular type of copper IUD . Among the women who visited the Department of Family Planning in our hospital during 1 month , 100 subjects who preferred IUDs for contraception and who had no history of local or systemic antibiotic use were considered eligible candidates . Anaerobic colonies , especially Gram-positive cocci and Gram-negative
The feasibility of using a limited-sampling algorithm for administration of vancomycin for treatment of vascular-access-related bacteremia in outpatient high flux hemodialysis was investigated . The original vancomycin-dosing algorithm used at our hemodialysis unit required stat orders for serum vancomycin concentrations before each hemodialysis session to determine the dose of vancomycin to be administered posthemodialysis . Vancomycin concentration data obtained using this original algorithm from January through September 2001 were retrospectively analyzed to determine how many vancomycin concentrations measured 5-20 microg/mL and identify potential clinical predictors of vancomycin removal . A total of 409 serum vancomycin concentrations were drawn during the study period . Ninety-seven percent of concentrations drawn were within 5-20 microg/mL . Mean + / - S.D. vancomycin removal was 39 % + / - 13 % . Based on these data , a revised algorithm with limited vancomycin sampling data was initiated in December 2002 . Retrospective analysis of concentrations obtained and achieved by this algorithm demonstrated a 70 % reduction in the number of vancomycin concentration determinations , with 93 % of these concentrations within 5-20 microg/mL . The estimated annual cost saving to the hemodialysis unit with the revised algorithm was 7552 dollars . A vancomycin-dosing algorithm using limited concentration monitoring for hemodialysis patients achieved comparable vancomycin concentrations to those found with more frequent monitoring and resulted in significant cost savings .
Transient plastic changes in the human corticospinal tract can be induced through paired associative stimulation , a noninvasive technique in which transcranial magnetic brain stimulation is synchronized with electrical peripheral nerve stimulation . A single paired associative stimulation session can induce transient plasticity in spinal cord injury patients . We recruited two patients with motor-incomplete chronic -LRB- one para - and one tetraplegic -RRB- spinal cord injuries . The patients received paired associative stimulation for 20-24 weeks . The paraplegic patient , previously paralyzed below the knee level , regained plantarflexion and dorsiflexion of the ankles of both legs . The tetraplegic patient regained grasping ability . The newly acquired voluntary movements could be performed by the patients in the absence of stimulation and for at least 1 month after the last stimulation session . In this unblinded proof-of-principle demonstration in two subjects , long-term paired associative stimulation induced persistent and clinically relevant strengthening of neural connections and restored voluntary movement in previously paralyzed muscles . Further study is needed to confirm whether long-term paired associative stimulation can be used in rehabilitation after spinal cord injury by itself and , possibly , in combination with other therapeutic strategies .
Adjuvant treatment in resected stage I non-small-cell lung cancer -LRB- NSCLC -RRB- is generally not recommended . Pazopanib is an oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor of VEGFR-1 / 2/3 and PDGFR-α/β . We explored the feasibility and efficacy of adjuvant pazopanib in this population . In this double-blind phase II/III trial , patients with resected stage I NSCLC were randomized to placebo or pazopanib 800 mg/day -LRB- P800 -RRB- for 6 months with a two-step Fleming design . The primary endpoint was compliance -LRB- percentage of patients receiving ≥ 3 months pazopanib -RRB- . From the interim analysis after 64 patients were included , the IDMC recommended reducing to pazopanib 400 mg/day -LRB- P400 -RRB- due to insufficient compliance , with a one-step Fleming . Although unplanned , survival data were analyzed . A total of 71 patients were enrolled in each arm ; 61 % were male , 91 % were smokers , median age was 60 years , 80 % had pathological stage IA , and 16 % had squamous cell carcinoma . Two patients had grade 4 toxicities with P800 . The most common grade 3 toxicities were increased transaminases -LRB- 16 % -RRB- , hypertension -LRB- 13 % -RRB- , and diarrhea -LRB- 9 % -RRB- with P800 , and gastrointestinal disorders -LRB- 16 % ; 6 % diarrhea -RRB- and hypertension -LRB- 6 % -RRB- with P400 . Median follow-up was 47 months . Five-year overall survival was 83 % -LRB- 95 % CI 72-94 -RRB- with pazopanib and 94 % -LSB- 95 % CI 88-100 -RSB- with placebo -LSB- hazard ratio = 1.8 -LRB- 95 % CI 0.6-5.5 -RRB- , P = 0.26 -RSB- . In resected stage I NSCLC patients adjuvant 400 mg/day pazopanib but not 800 mg/day was feasible , although possibly infra-therapeutic and failed to improve relapse-free survival .
Antiepileptic drugs -LRB- AEDs -RRB- are known teratogens . Some specificity between different AEDs has been noted in the literature . The aim was to compare the teratogenic effect of valproic acid -LRB- VPA -RRB- and carbamazepine -LRB- CBZ -RRB- in monotherapy . Infants exposed to AEDs -LRB- n = 1398 -RRB- in early pregnancy were identified from the Swedish Medical Birth Registry . The number of infants with congenital malformations and exposed to AED was compared with the expected number estimated from all infants born -LRB- n = 582656 -RRB- . 90 % -LRB- 1256 -RRB- of the AED exposed children were exposed to AEDs in monotherapy , 56 % were exposed to CBZ and 21 % to VPA . The odds ratio -LRB- OR -RRB- for having a malformation in the AED exposed group was 1.86 -LSB- 95 % confidence interval -LRB- 95 % CI -RRB- 1.42-2.44 -RSB- . Exposure to VPA in monotherapy compared with CBZ in monotherapy gave OR = 2.51 -LRB- 95 % CI 1.43-4.68 -RRB- for a neonatal diagnosis of malformations . However , there is no information available on the number of therapeutic abortions , or the different types of epilepsy or drug dosage in the two treatment groups . There was a small increase in the risk of having a major malformation after exposure to AEDs in monotherapy . Exposure to VPA seems to carry a higher risk than exposure to CBZ . The aim of this study was to assess psychomotor development , using Griffiths ' test , and the incidence of minor anomalies at birth in children who had been exposed to antiepileptic drugs -LRB- AEDs -RRB- in utero . The study sample comprised 100 children of mothers who were treated with AEDs during pregnancy and 100 matched control children . Women with epilepsy were recruited from a pregnant urban population -LRB- 450 000 inhabitants -RRB- . The lowest possible dose of the fewest AEDs to maintain seizure control was used . Drug levels were controlled on a monthly basis . The children were assessed at 9 months of age . The study children had a significant increase in the number of minor anomalies -LRB- 31 compared with 18 control children ; odds ratio 2.4 , CI 1.15 to 5.02 , P = 0.02 McNemars test -RRB- , and an increased number of facial anomalies after carbamazepine exposure -LRB- 11 compared with six control children -RRB- . Drug exposure did not influence the Griffiths ' score at 9 months of age . Even a meticulous AED treatment strategy during pregnancy increases the number of minor anomalies . However , treatment with AEDs does not necessarily influence short-term psychomotor development . To study the risk for complications during pregnancy , delivery , and neonatal period after the use of antiepileptic drugs -LRB- AEDs -RRB- during pregnancy . Women treated with AEDs during pregnancy and with singleton deliveries were identified from the Swedish Medical Birth Registry during the period July 1 1995 to and including 2001 -LRB- n = 1350 -RRB- . Risk estimates were made using the Mantel-Haenszel procedure and comparisons with all singleton births in Sweden during this period -LRB- n = 559,491 -RRB- . Stratification was made for year of birth , maternal age , parity , and smoking habits . Most of the women -LRB- n = 1207 , 89 % -RRB- used AEDs in monotherapy . Carbamazepine was the most commonly used drug -LRB- n = 683 -RRB- , followed by valproic acid -LRB- n = 255 -RRB- . The rate of caesarean sections was significantly increased -LRB- OR = 1.64 , 95 % CI 1.43-1.89 -RRB- , but it was not possible to differentiate between elective and emergency sections . The risk for pre-eclampsia -LRB- OR = 1.66 , 95 % CI 1.32-2.08 -RRB- and for hemorrhage after vaginal delivery was increased -LRB- OR = 1.29 , 95 % CI 1.02-1.63 -RRB- . The neonates showed an increased risk for respiratory distress -LRB- OR = 2.06 , 95 % CI 1.62-2.63 -RRB- . The study demonstrates a slightly increased risk only for preeclampsia , vaginal hemorrhage after delivery , and respiratory distress in the newborn after the use of AEDs during pregnancy . To investigate the influence of maternal antiepileptic drug -LRB- AED -RRB- treatment on pregnancy duration , birth weight , body length , head circumference , and intrauterine growth in infants exposed in utero to antiepileptic drugs in Sweden between 1973-1997 , with 963 singleton infants . Data collected from -LRB- a -RRB- 1973-1981 -LRB- record linkage between a hospital discharge register and a medical birth register -RRB- ; -LRB- b -RRB- 1984-1995 -LRB- prospectively collected information in one defined catchment area with two delivery hospitals -RRB- ; and -LRB- c -RRB- 1995-1997 -LRB- medical birth register data -RRB- . Observed numbers of infants below a defined size for body measurements compared with expected numbers calculated from all births in Sweden after stratification for year of birth , maternal age , parity , and education or smoking habits in early pregnancy . Standard deviation scores estimated with same stratification procedures . Fraction of monotherapy exposures increased from approximately 40 % to approximately 90 % from 1973 to 1997 . Significantly increased numbers of infants with small body measurements found in exposed group . Negative influence on body dimensions decreased over time . More marked effects found in infants exposed to polytherapy . Significant effect on gestational age in girls and on number of small for gestational age -LRB- < 2 SD -RRB- in boys . Polytherapy with antiepileptic drugs and negative influence on body dimensions decreased . In monotherapy , only carbamazepine has a negative influence on body dimensions in this study . The aim of this study was to assess psychomotor development with the Griffiths ' test in preschool children exposed to antiepileptic drugs -LRB- AED -RRB- in utero . The study sample consisted of 76 children exposed to AED in utero and
OBJECTIVE . Endoscopic ultrasonography -LRB- EUS -RRB- - guided fine-needle aspiration -LRB- EUS-FNA -RRB- may facilitate tissue sampling for histopathological diagnosis of subepithelial tumors -LRB- SETs -RRB- in the gastrointestinal -LRB- GI -RRB- tract . However , immunohistochemistry is not always feasible using EUS-FNA samples due to the low quality of specimens often obtained by aspiration . This study aimed to compare the use of 22-gauge -LRB- G -RRB- EUS-guided fine-needle biopsy -LRB- EUS-FNB -RRB- with 22G EUS-FNA for core sampling used for histopathological examination , including immunohistochemistry , in patients with GI SETs . METHODS . Twenty-eight patients with GI SETs ≥ 2 cm in size were prospectively enrolled at five university hospitals in Korea between January and June 2013 . They were randomized to undergo either EUS-FNB or EUS-FNA . RESULTS . A total of 22 patients was finally analyzed in this study : 10 and 12 patients underwent EUS-FNA and EUS-FNB , respectively . Compared to the EUS-FNA group , the EUS-FNB group had a significantly lower median number of needle passes to obtain macroscopically optimal core samples -LRB- 4 vs. 2 , p = 0.025 -RRB- ; higher yield rates of macroscopically and histologically optimal core samples with three needle passes -LRB- 30 % vs. 92 % , p = 0.006 ; 20 % vs. 75 % , p = 0.010 , respectively -RRB- ; and a higher diagnostic sufficiency rate -LRB- 20 % vs. 75 % , p = 0.010 -RRB- . No technical difficulties were encountered in either group . CONCLUSIONS . This study shows that EUS-FNB has a better ability to obtain histological core samples and a higher diagnostic sufficiency rate than EUS-FNA and that EUS-FNB is a feasible , safe , and preferable modality for adequate core sampling for histopathological diagnosis of GI SETs . Endoscopic ultrasound -LRB- EUS -RRB- with fine needle aspiration -LRB- FNA -RRB- is a safe and effective way to sample lesions in the gastrointestinal tract . Rapid on-site specimen evaluation -LRB- ROSE -RRB- improves the accuracy of EUS-FNA . While data suggests that EUS with fine-needle biopsy -LRB- EUS-FNB -RRB- is effective , it remains unclear if ROSE is predictive of a final diagnosis when obtaining core specimens . The aim of this study was to investigate the utility of ROSE in achieving a final diagnosis for EUS-FNB core specimens . We evaluated 60 consecutive patients referred for EUS guided sampling of lesions within or adjacent to the gastrointestinal tract . All patients underwent EUS-FNB to evaluate the additive value of ROSE to the diagnostic accuracy of specimens obtained using a core biopsy needle . EUS-FNA was also performed in a majority of cases . EUS-FNB was feasible in all 60 cases ; on-site specimen adequacy and final diagnostic accuracy was 58 % -LSB- 95 % confidence intervals -LRB- CI -RRB- 45.1-71.2 -RSB- and 83 % -LRB- 95 % CI 71.9-91.5 -RRB- , respectively . The sensitivity , specificity , positive predictive value -LRB- PPV -RRB- , and negative predictive value of ROSE for core biopsies were 65 , 100 , 100 , and 39 % , respectively . On-site adequacy and diagnostic accuracy for EUS-FNA was 38 % -LRB- 95 % CI 22.2-53.5 -RRB- and 63 % -LRB- 95 % CI 50.1-75.8 -RRB- , respectively . There were no significant complications . EUS-FNB is safe , feasible , and effective . ROSE of the core biopsy provides excellent PPV ; however , an inadequate ROSE appears to be of limited value . Further prospective studies are needed to assess the optimal handling and onsite processing of core specimens to determine whether ROSE is beneficial for EUS-FNB . Retrospective cohort study of subjects who underwent EUS sampling of nonpancreatic adenocarcinoma lesions between February 2011 and May 2013 . Over the study period , there were 43 lesions biopsied in 41 unique patients in the EUS-FNB group and 53 patients in the EUS-FNA/B group . Overall diagnostic accuracy was similar between the EUS-FNB and EUS-FNA/B groups -LRB- 83.7 % vs. 84.9 % ; p = 1.0 -RRB- . In the subgroup of subepithelial mass lesions , diagnostic accuracy remained similar in the EUS-FNB and EUS-FNA/B groups -LRB- 81.0 % and 70.6 % ; p = 0.7 -RRB- . EUS-FNB procedures were significantly shorter than those in the EUS-FNA/B group -LRB- 58.4 minutes vs. 73.5 minutes ; p < 0.0001 -RRB- . EUS-FNB without on-site cytology provides a high diagnostic accuracy in nonpancreas adenocarcinoma lesions . There appears to be no additive benefit with initial EUS-FNA but this requires further study in a prospective study . Current limitations of EUS-guided FNA include the need for multiple passes and on-site cytology assessment and lack of core specimen . Recently , a new 25-gauge core biopsy needle -LRB- PC25 -RRB- was developed to overcome these limitations . To determine the diagnostic yield of EUS-guided FNA aspiration biopsy -LRB- FNAB -RRB- when using the PC25 needle among patients with solid pancreatic lesions . Retrospective analysis . Academic tertiary referral center . Fifty consecutive patients with a solid pancreatic lesion underwent EUS-guided FNAB with PC25 . EUS-guided FNAB with PC25 . The primary outcome was the diagnostic yield in single and overall passes of EUS-guided FNAB when using the PC25 needle for pancreatic solid lesions . Cytologic analysis showed malignancy in 38 patients on the first pass , with a cumulative sensitivity of 83 % , 91 % , and 96 % on passes 1 , 2 , and 3 , respectively . Although visible core was reported in 46 patients -LRB- 92 % -RRB- , histologic core was seen in 16 patients -LRB- 32 % -RRB- . Histologic analysis showed malignancy in 29 patients on the first pass , with a cumulative sensitivity of 63 % and 87 % on pass 1 and passes 1 to 4 , respectively . The sensitivity , specificity , and accuracy in combined cytologic and histologic results were 85 % , 100 % , and 86
Studies of delivery by caesarean section -LRB- c-section -RRB- and the offspring 's risk of allergic diseases are of current interest due to concerns about the increased use of c-section in many countries . However , previous studies have reported inconsistent findings . We investigated whether delivery by c-section is associated with an increased risk of atopy and allergic disease by reviewing the literature , performing a meta-analysis , and assessing publication bias . We used a systematic literature search of MEDLINE -LRB- 1966 to May 2007 -RRB- . Six common allergic outcomes were included : food allergy/food atopy , inhalant atopy , eczema/atopic dermatitis , allergic rhinitis , asthma , and hospitalization for asthma . For each outcome a meta-analysis was performed , where a summary odds ratio -LRB- OR -RRB- was calculated taking into account heterogeneity between the study-specific relative risks . Publication bias was assessed using the funnel plot method . We identified 26 studies on delivery by c-section and one or more of the six allergic outcomes . C-section was associated with an increased summary OR of food allergy/food atopy -LRB- OR 1.32 , 95 % CI 1.12-1.55 ; six studies -RRB- , allergic rhinitis -LRB- OR 1.23 , 95 % CI 1.12-1.35 ; seven studies -RRB- , asthma -LRB- OR 1.18 , 95 % CI 1.05-1.32 ; 13 studies -RRB- , and hospitalization for asthma -LRB- OR 1.21 , 95 % CI 1.12-1.31 ; seven studies -RRB- , whereas there was no association with inhalant atopy -LRB- OR 1.06 , 95 % CI 0.82-1.38 ; four studies -RRB- and eczema/atopic dermatitis -LRB- OR 1.03 , 95 % CI 0.98-1.09 ; six studies -RRB- . Funnel plots indicated that the association with food allergy/food atopy could be difficult to interpret due to publication bias . For each significant association with an allergic outcome , only 1-4 % of cases were attributable to c-section . Delivery by c-section is associated with a moderate risk increase for allergic rhinitis , asthma , hospitalization for asthma , and perhaps food allergy/food atopy , but not with inhalant atopy or atopic dermatitis . The increased use of c-section during the last decades is unlikely to have contributed much to the allergy epidemic observed during the same period . Children born by Caesarean section have modified intestinal bacterial colonization and consequently may have an increased risk of developing asthma under the hygiene hypothesis . The results of previous studies that have investigated the association between Caesarean section and asthma have been conflicting . To review published literature and perform a meta-analysis summarizing the evidence in support of an association between children born by Caesarean section and asthma . MEDLINE , Web Science , Google Scholar and PubMed were searched to identify relevant studies . Odds ratio -LRB- OR -RRB- and 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- were calculated for each study from the reported prevalence of asthma in children born by Caesarean section and in control children . Meta-analysis was then used to derive a combined OR and test for heterogeneity in the findings between studies . Twenty-three studies were identified . The overall meta-analysis revealed an increase in the risk of asthma in children delivered by Caesarean section -LRB- OR = 1.22 , 95 % CI 1.14 , 1.29 -RRB- . However , in this analysis , there was evidence of heterogeneity -LRB- I -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 46 % -RRB- that was statistically significant -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Restricting the analysis to childhood studies , this heterogeneity was markedly decreased -LRB- I -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 32 % -RRB- and no longer attained statistical significance -LRB- P = 0.08 -RRB- . In these studies , there was also evidence of an increase -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- in the risk of asthma after Caesarean section -LRB- OR = 1.20 , 95 % CI 1.14 , 12.6 -RRB- . In this meta-analysis , we found a 20 % increase in the subsequent risk of asthma in children who had been delivered by Caesarean section . It has been hypothesized that cesarean delivery might have an impact on the development of atopic diseases because of its gut flora modulating properties . In the present study , we analysed the association between cesarean delivery and atopic diseases using data of 2500 infants enrolled in the LISA-Study , a German prospective multicenter birth cohort study . Data on symptoms and physician-diagnosed atopic diseases were gathered by questionnaires shortly after birth and at infant 's age 6 , 12 , 18 , and 24 months . In addition , sensitization to common food and inhalant allergens was assessed by measuring specific immunoglobulin E -LRB- IgE -RRB- using the CAP-RAST FEIA method at the age of 2 yr . Confounder-adjusted odds ratios -LRB- aOR -RRB- with 95 % confidence intervals -LRB- CI -RRB- were calculated by multiple logistic regression . We found a positive association between cesarean delivery and occurrence of at least one episode of wheezing -LSB- aOR 1.31 -LRB- 95 % CI 1.02-1.68 -RRB- -RSB- and of recurrent wheezing -LSB- 1.41 -LRB- 1.02-1.96 -RRB- -RSB- during the first 2 yr of life . Furthermore , effect estimates for allergic sensitization defined as at least one specific IgE > / = 0.70 kU/l against any allergen -LSB- 1.48 -LRB- 0.98-2.24 -RRB- -RSB- , against food allergens -LSB- 1.64 -LRB- 1.03-2.63 -RRB- -RSB- , and against inhalant allergens -LSB- 1.75 -LRB- 0.98-3.12 -RRB- -RSB- were increased . Symptoms of atopic dermatitis -LSB- 1.21 -LRB- 0.92-1.59 -RRB- -RSB- , physician-diagnosed atopic dermatitis -LSB- 1.04 -LRB- 0.79-1.39 -RRB- -RSB- , and symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis -LSB- 1.40 -LRB- 0.80-2.44 -RRB- -RSB- were only marginally increased in children delivered by cesarean section . In conclusion , our results suggest that cesarean delivery may be an additional risk factor for wheezing and allergic sensitization at least to food allergens up to the age of 2 yr . This should be considered when cesarean section is done
The application time of therapeutic ultrasound is an infrequently studied dosimetric variable that affects tissue repair . The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of different treatment times of therapeutic ultrasound -LRB- US -RRB- on the organization of collagen fibers in the tendons of rats . Forty Wistar rats were selected -LRB- 300 ± 45 g -RRB- , and the rats were divided into five groups -LRB- n = 8 for each group -RRB- : Control , without tenotomy or any treatment ; tenotomy group , with tenotomy and without treatment ; US groups -LRB- US1 , US2 , and US3 -RRB- , subjected to tenotomy and treated with US for one , two , or three minutes per area of the transducer , respectively . The animals were sacrificed on the 12th post-operative day , and the tendons were surgically removed for analyses of the collagen fiber organization by means of birefringence analysis . The collagen fibers exhibited better aggregation and organization in the US3 group compared with the tenotomy group -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . The findings suggest that US applied for three minutes per treated area improves the organization of collagen fibers during rat tendon repair . To determine the rate and magnitude of temperature change in response to ultrasound in human patellar tendon for two treatment sizes . A thermistor was inserted into the medial aspect of each subject 's right patellar tendon , and the baseline temperature was recorded . Using stratified random sampling and using a transducer head with an effective radiating area -LRB- ERA -RRB- of 4.5 cm -LRB- 2 -RRB- , we had eight subjects each undergo either the 2-or 4-ERA ultrasound treatment first . Each subject received a 3-MHz continuous ultrasound treatment at 1 W/cm -LRB- 2 -RRB- for both the 2-and 4-ERA treatment sizes . Sixteen subjects -LRB- 8 males , 21.3 + / - 1.9 years , and 8 females , 21.0 + / - 2.8 years -RRB- participated . We moved the sound head at a speed of 2 to 3 cm/sec while recording the tendon temperature every 30 seconds during , and for 20 minutes after , the 4-minute treatment . Twenty minutes after the treatment , we applied the second treatment to the other ERA treatment size . At the end of the treatment , the mean temperature increase was significantly different -LRB- P = .006 -RRB- between treatment sizes -LRB- 8.3 degrees C + / - 1.7 degrees C -LRB- 2 x ERA -RRB- and 5.0 degrees C + / - 1.0 degrees C -LRB- 4 x ERA -RRB- -RRB- . The rate of increase was also significantly different -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . The heating rate per minute for the 2-ERA treatment was 2.1 degrees C + / - 0.4 degrees C and 1.3 degrees C + / - 0.3 degrees C for the 4-ERA treatment . There was a significant difference in the cooling between treatment sizes -LRB- P = .001 -RRB- . The rate of temperature decrease between treatment sizes was significantly different only during the first 5-minute interval post-treatment . Three-megahertz ultrasound at an intensity of 1 W/cm -LRB- 2 -RRB- significantly increased patellar tendon temperature at both 2 and 4 x ERA , but our results confirm that the 2-ERA treatment size provided higher and longer heating than the 4-ERA treatment size . Researchers have recommended certain ultrasound treatment parameters for deep heating ; however , we observed different parameters in the clinical setting . To compare the treatment effect of using observed clinical parameters -LRB- OCP -RRB- from 8 clinicians to the treatment effect of using the recommended parameters -LRB- RP -RRB- sited in research . 2 x 2 repeated measures design . Sports injury research laboratory . Ten healthy volunteers . Two 1 MHz treatment , 1 RP treatment -LRB- 1.5 W/cm2 , 10-min , area-2 to 3 x ERA -RRB- , and 1 OCP treatment -LRB- 1.3 W/cm2 , 8-min , area 3.9 X ERA -RRB- . Tricep surae temperature 3 cm below superficial tissue . The RP treatment increase temperature from 36.4 + / - 1.0 to 40.3 + / - 2.0 degrees C , which was a greater change than the OCP -LRB- 36.5 + / - 1.2 to 38.2 + / - 1.6 degrees C -RRB- . The OCP treatment resulted in a lower heating affect than the RP . Small change in treatment area , intensity , and duration can have a large effect on temperature change . To achieve the thermal effects of ultrasound , the tissue temperature must be raised from 1 to > or = 4 degrees C , depending on the desired outcome of the treatment . In the past 25 years , there have been no in vivo studies that have measured rate of change in temperature during 1-MHz ultrasound treatments , and none have ever been performed with the 3-MHz frequency . Thus , we are left to pure speculation regarding how long to administer an ultrasound treatment . We performed this study to plot the rate of temperature increase during ultrasound treatments delivered at various intensities and frequencies . We inserted two 23-gauge thermistors into each subjects ' medial triceps surae at the following depths : 1 MHz at depths of 2.5 and 5.0 cm -LRB- 12 subjects -RRB- and 3 MHz at depths of .8 and 1.6 cm -LRB- 12 subjects -RRB- . Each subject received a total of four 10-minute treatments , one each at .5 , 1.0 , 1.5 , and 2.0 W/cm2 , and temperature was measured every 30 seconds . No significant difference was found in the rate of heating at the two depths -LRB- p = .987 -RRB- within the same frequency and dose levels . The 3-MHz frequency heated significantly faster than the 1-MHz frequency at all doses tested -LRB- p < .001 -RRB- . On average , the rate of temperature increased per
The effects of non-sedation on cognitive function in critically ill patients on mechanical ventilation are not yet certain . This trial is a substudy of the NONSEDA trial where critically ill patients are randomized to non-sedation or to sedation with a daily wake-up attempt during mechanical ventilation in the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- . The aim of this substudy is to assess the effects of non-sedation versus sedation with a daily wake-up attempt on long-term cognitive function . This is an investigator-initiated , randomized , clinical , parallel-group , superiority trial , including 200 patients . Inclusion criteria will be adult patients who are intubated and on mechanical ventilation with an expected duration of more than 24 hours . Exclusion criteria will be patients who are comatose at admission and patients with conditions requiring therapeutic coma -LRB- i.e. , severe head trauma , status epilepticus , patients treated with therapeutic hypothermia and patients with severe hypoxia -RRB- . The experimental intervention will be non-sedation supplemented with pain management during mechanical ventilation . The control intervention will be sedation with a daily wake-up attempt . The primary outcome will be cognitive function 3 months after discharge from intensive care . If non-sedation can improve long-term cognitive function , it could be an approach worth considering for a larger group of critically ill patients . The study has been approved by the relevant scientific ethics committee and is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov -LRB- ID : NCT02035436 , registered on 10 January 2014 -RRB- . Through many years , the standard care has been to use continuous sedation of critically ill patients during mechanical ventilation . However , preliminary randomised clinical trials indicate that it is beneficial to reduce the sedation level . No randomised trial has been conducted comparing sedation with no sedation , a priori powered to have all-cause mortality as primary outcome.The objective is to assess the benefits and harms of non-sedation versus sedation with a daily wake-up trial in critically ill patients . The non-sedation -LRB- NONSEDA -RRB- trial is an investigator-initiated , randomised , clinical , parallel-group , multinational trial designed to include 700 patients from at least six ICUs in Denmark , Norway and Sweden.Inclusion criteria are mechanically ventilated patients with expected duration of mechanical ventilation > 24 hours.Exclusion criteria are non-intubated patients , patients with severe head trauma , coma at admission or status epilepticus , patients treated with therapeutic hypothermia , patients with PaO2/FiO2 < 9 where sedation might be necessary to ensure sufficient oxygenation or place the patient in prone position.Experimental intervention is non-sedation supplemented with pain management during mechanical ventilation.Control intervention is sedation with a daily wake-up trial.The primary outcome will be all cause mortality at 90 days after randomization . Secondary outcomes will be : days until death throughout the total observation period ; coma - and delirium-free days ; highest RIFLE score ; days until discharge from the intensive care unit -LRB- within 28 days -RRB- ; days until the participant is without mechanical ventilation -LRB- within 28 days -RRB- ; and proportion of patients with a major cardiovascular outcome . Explorative outcomes will be : all cause mortality at 28 days after randomisation ; days until discharge from the intensive care unit ; days until the participant is without mechanical ventilation ; days until discharge from the hospital ; organ failure.Trial size : we will include 700 participants -LRB- 2 × 350 -RRB- in order to detect or reject 25 % relative risk reduction in mortality with a type I error risk of 5 % and a type II error risk of 20 % -LRB- power at 80 % -RRB- . The trial investigates potential benefits of non-sedation . This might have large impact on the future treatment of mechanically ventilated critically ill patients . ClinicalTrials.gov NCT0196768 , 09.01.2014 . Delirium is a postoperative complication that occurs frequently in patients older than 65 years , and presages adverse outcomes . We investigated whether prophylactic low-dose dexmedetomidine , a highly selective α <sub> 2 </sub> adrenoceptor agonist , could safely decrease the incidence of delirium in elderly patients after non-cardiac surgery . We did this randomised , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial in two tertiary-care hospitals in Beijing , China . We enrolled patients aged 65 years or older , who were admitted to intensive care units after non-cardiac surgery , with informed consent . We used a computer-generated randomisation sequence -LRB- in a 1:1 ratio -RRB- to randomly assign patients to receive either intravenous dexmedetomidine -LRB- 0 · 1 μg/kg per h , from intensive care unit admission on the day of surgery until 0800 h on postoperative day 1 -RRB- , or placebo -LRB- intravenous normal saline -RRB- . Participants , care providers , and investigators were all masked to group assignment . The primary endpoint was the incidence of delirium , assessed twice daily with the Confusion Assessment Method for intensive care units during the first 7 postoperative days . Analyses were done by intention-to-treat and safety populations . This study is registered with Chinese Clinical Trial Registry , www.chictr.org.cn , number ChiCTR-TRC-10000802 . Between Aug 17 , 2011 , and Nov 20 , 2013 , of 2016 patients assessed , 700 were randomly assigned to receive either placebo -LRB- n = 350 -RRB- or dexmedetomidine -LRB- n = 350 -RRB- . The incidence of postoperative delirium was significantly lower in the dexmedetomidine group -LRB- 32 -LSB- 9 % -RSB- of 350 patients -RRB- than in the placebo group -LRB- 79 -LSB- 23 % -RSB- of 350 patients ; odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- 0 · 35 , 95 % CI 0 · 22-0 · 54 ; p < 0 · 0001 -RRB- . Regarding safety , the incidence of hypertension was higher with placebo -LRB- 62 -LSB- 18 % -RSB- of 350 patients -RRB- than with dexmedetomidine -LRB- 34 -LSB- 10 % -RSB- of 350 patients ; 0 · 50 , 0 · 32-0 · 78 ;
To test the hypothesis that children with sickle cell disease -LRB- SCD -RRB- who have an initial stroke temporally unrelated to another medical event are at higher risk for recurrent stroke than are children who had strokes temporally related to medical events . A retrospective cohort study of children with SCD and stroke who received regularly scheduled blood transfusions for a minimum of 5 years was conducted . Medical records were examined for the documentation of antecedent or concurrent medical events -LRB- hypertension , acute chest syndrome , aplastic crisis , fever associated with infection , exchange transfusion -RRB- associated with physician contact within 14 days before the initial stroke . A total of 137 pediatric patients from 14 centers were studied . Mean age at first stroke was 6.3 years -LRB- 1.4 to 14.0 years -RRB- with mean follow-up of 10.1 years -LRB- 5 to 24 years -RRB- . Thirty-one -LRB- 22 % -RRB- patients had a second stroke -LRB- 2.2 per 100 patient years -RRB- ; 26 patients had an identified medical or concurrent event associated with their initial stroke . None of these patients had recurrent stroke 2 or more years after the initial event . The remaining 111 patients had an ongoing risk of recurrent stroke -LRB- 1.9 per 100 patient-years -RRB- despite long-term transfusions -LRB- P = .038 -RRB- . The absence of an antecedent or concurrent medical event associated with an initial stroke is a major risk factor for subsequent stroke while receiving regular transfusions . Children with sickle cell disease -LRB- SCD -RRB- and strokes receive blood transfusion therapy for secondary stroke prevention ; despite this , approximately 20 % experience second overt strokes . Given this rate of second overt strokes and the clinical significance of silent cerebral infarcts , we tested the hypothesis that silent cerebral infarcts occur among children with SCD being transfused for secondary stroke prevention . A prospective cohort enrolled children with SCD and overt strokes at 7 academic centers . Magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance angiography of the brain were scheduled approximately every 1 to 2 years ; studies were reviewed by a panel of neuroradiologists . Eligibility criteria included regularly scheduled blood transfusion therapy . Forty children were included ; mean pretransfusion hemoglobin S concentration was 29 % . Progressive cerebral infarcts occurred in 45 % -LRB- 18 of 40 children -RRB- while receiving chronic blood transfusion therapy ; 7 had second overt strokes and 11 had new silent cerebral infarcts . Worsening cerebral vasculopathy was associated with new cerebral infarction -LRB- overt or silent ; relative risk = 12.7 ; 95 % confidence interval , 2.65-60.5 , P = .001 -RRB- . Children with SCD and overt strokes receiving regular blood transfusion therapy experience silent cerebral infarcts at a higher rate than previously recognized . Additional therapies are needed for secondary stroke prevention in children with SCD . Blood transfusions prevent recurrent stroke in children with sickle cell anemia , but the value of transfusions in preventing a first stroke is unknown . We used transcranial Doppler ultrasonography to identify children with sickle cell anemia who were at high risk for stroke and then randomly assigned them to receive standard care or transfusions to prevent a first stroke . To enter the study , children with sickle cell anemia and no history of stroke had to have undergone two transcranial Doppler studies that showed that the time-averaged mean blood-flow velocity in the internal carotid or middle cerebral artery was 200 cm per second or higher . The patients were randomly assigned to receive standard care or transfusions to reduce the hemoglobin S concentration to less than 30 percent of the total hemoglobin concentration . The incidence of stroke -LRB- cerebral infarction or intracranial hemorrhage -RRB- was compared between the two groups . A total of 130 children -LRB- mean -LSB- + / - SD -RSB- age , 8.3 + / -3.3 years -RRB- were enrolled ; 63 were randomly assigned to receive transfusions and 67 to receive standard care . At base line , the transfusion group had a slightly lower mean hemoglobin concentration -LRB- 7.2 vs. 7.6 g per deciliter , P = 0.001 -RRB- and hematocrit -LRB- 20.4 vs. 21.7 percent , P = 0.002 -RRB- . Ten patients dropped out of the transfusion group , and two patients crossed over from the standard-care group to the transfusion group . There were 10 cerebral infarctions and 1 intracerebral hematoma in the standard-care group , as compared with 1 infarction in the transfusion group -- a 92 percent difference in the risk of stroke -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . This result led to the early termination of the trial . Transfusion greatly reduces the risk of a first stroke in children with sickle cell anemia who have abnormal results on transcranial Doppler ultrasonography . To assess the impact of our transcranial Doppler ultrasonography -LRB- TCD -RRB- program on the incidence of first stroke and the rate of transfusion for stroke prevention in children with sickle cell disease . In this single-institution , retrospective study , we compared the incidence of stroke and of transfusion for stroke prevention in 475 patients observed in the 8-year period before instituting TCD screening with the rate in 530 children in the 8-year period after . The incidence of overt stroke in the pre-TCD period was 0.67 per 100 patient-years , compared with 0.06 per 100 patient-years in the post-TCD period -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- . Of the 2 strokes in the post-TCD period , 1 occurred in a child too young for the screening protocol , and 1 occurred in a child with high velocities solely in the anterior cerebral arteries . Our program has been successful in reducing the rate of first overt stroke , but with increased use of transfusion . Additional modifications to screening might further reduce the risk of first stroke , and studies of alternative treatments may be beneficial .
In iontophoresis experiments , a ` non-specific ' current-induced vasodilatation interferes with the effects of the diffused drugs . This current-induced vasodilatation is assumed to rely on an axon reflex due to excitation of cutaneous nociceptors and is weaker and delayed at the anode as compared to the cathode . We analysed whether these anodal specificities could result from a break excitation of nociceptors . Break excitation is the generation of action potentials at the end of a square anodal DC current application , which are generally weaker than those observed at the onset of a same application at the cathode . In eight healthy volunteers , we studied forearm cutaneous laser Doppler flow -LRB- LDF -RRB- responses to : -LRB- 1 -RRB- anodal and cathodal 100 microA current applications of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 or 5 min ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- 100 microA anodal applications of 3 min with a progressive ending over 100 s -LRB- total charge 23 mC -RRB- ; these were compared to square-ended 100 microA anodal applications of the same total charge -LRB- 23 mC -RRB- or duration -LRB- 3 min -RRB- ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- a 4 min 100 microA anodal application with a 333 msec break at half time . Results -LRB- mean + / - S.D. -RRB- are expressed as percentage of heat-induced maximal vasodilatation -LRB- % MVD -RRB- . Onset -LRB- T -LRB- vd -RRB- -RRB- and amplitude -LRB- LDF -LRB- peak -RRB- -RRB- of vasodilatation were determined . We observed that : T -LRB- vd -RRB- was linearly related to the duration of current application at the anode -LRB- slope = 1.01 , r -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0.99 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- but not at the cathode -LRB- slope = 0.03 , r -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0.02 , n.s. -RRB- . Progressive ending of anodal current did not decrease LDF -LRB- peak -RRB- -LRB- 63.3 + / - 24.6 % MVD -RRB- as compared to square-ending of current application of the same duration -LRB- 36.9 + / - 22.2 % MVD -RRB- or the same total charge -LRB- 57.1 + / - 23.5 % MVD -RRB- . A transient break of anodal current did not allow for the vasodilatation to develop until current was permanently stopped . We conclude that , during iontophoresis , anodal break excitation alone can not account for the delay and amplitude of the vascular response . The participation of prostaglandins -LRB- PGs -RRB- in the cutaneous vasodilatation to acetylcholine -LRB- ACh -RRB- applied via iontophoresis is under debate . Using laser Doppler flowmetry , we studied the long lasting effect -LRB- 20 min -RRB- of iontophoretic application -LRB- 30 s ; 0.1 mA -RRB- of ACh on the human forearm . Experiments were repeated -LRB- 1 -RRB- using deionized water instead of ACh to test the effect of current application , -LRB- 2 -RRB- after scopolamine treatment to inhibit muscarinic cholinergic receptors , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- 2 h , 3 days and 10 days following inhibition of PG synthesis with aspirin or a placebo control . Cutaneous vascular conductance -LRB- CVC -RRB- was calculated at rest -LRB- CVC -LRB- rest -RRB- -RRB- , at peak vasodilatation in the first 5 min following ACh iontophoresis -LRB- CVC -LRB- peak -RRB- -RRB- , and 20 min after iontophoresis -LRB- CVC -LRB- 20 -RRB- -RRB- . The minimal CVC -LRB- CVC -LRB- min -RRB- -RRB- following iontophoresis was also determined . Cutaneous response to ACh displayed a biphasic pattern with an early and transient peak -LRB- CVC -LRB- peak -RRB- : 62 + / - 8 % of the maximal CVC induced by local heating -LRB- MVC -RRB- -RRB- followed by a long lasting slower vasodilatation -LRB- CVC -LRB- min -RRB- : 44 + / - 6 ; CVC -LRB- 20 -RRB- : 56 + / - 5 % MVC -RRB- . The current itself had no major effect . Scopolamine almost abolished both phases . The long lasting phase was aspirin sensitive but not the transient phase . At hour 2 post-aspirin , CVC -LRB- peak -RRB- was 61 + / - 10 , CVC -LRB- min -RRB- 26 + / - 6 and CVC -LRB- 20 -RRB- 29 + / - 6 % MVC . At day 10 , CVC -LRB- peak -RRB- was 67 + / - 10 , CVC -LRB- min -RRB- 47 + / - 7 and CVC -LRB- 20 -RRB- 50 + / - 8 % MVC . We conclude that PGs participate in the vasodilator response following ACh iontophoresis . Previous non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug treatments must be taken into account when studying the effect of ACh iontophoresis . We previously reported that forearm vasodilation to a delivered all-at-once over 5 min or a 1-min repeated monopolar anodal 0.10-mA current application is aspirin sensitive and that a single high-dose aspirin exerts a long-lived effect in the former case . We hypothesized that 1 -RRB- in the latter case , the effect of aspirin would also be long lived and 2 -RRB- the time required to resupply nerve endings with unblocked cyclooxygenase through axonal transport could explain this phenomenon . We studied the time course for the recovery of vasodilation to repeated current application after placebo or 1-g aspirin treatment . We then searched for a difference at a proximal vs. distal site in the recovery of the response . Aspirin abolished current-induced vasodilation at 2 h , 10 h , and 3 days , with a progressive recovery thereafter , but no difference between distal and proximal site was observed for the recovery of the response . This suggests that , although neural cyclooxygenase could participate in the response , the time course of aspirin inhibition of current-induced cutaneous vasodilation is not due to the time required through neural transport to resupply nerve endings with unblocked proteins . 1 Acetyl salicyclic acid -LRB- aspirin -RRB- irreversibly blocks cyclo-oxygenase -LRB- COX -RRB- . This effect is
To evaluate the efficacy and toxicity of irinotecan and oxaliplatin plus 5-fluorouracil -LRB- FU -RRB- and leucovorin -LRB- FOLFIRINOX -RRB- as second-line therapy in metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma -LRB- MPA -RRB- . We retrospectively analyzed the medical records of 27 patients with MPA treated with FOLFIRINOX as second-line therapy between January 2003 and November 2009 in our hospital . The recommended schedule was oxaliplatin 85 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- on day 1 + irinotecan 180 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- on day 1 + leucovorin 400 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- on day 1 followed by FU 400 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- as a bolus on day 1 and 2,400 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- as 46-hour continuous infusion biweekly . The median age of the 27 patients -LRB- 13 males and 14 females -RRB- was 63 years -LRB- 45-83 -RRB- . All patients had progressive disease after first-line chemotherapy by gemcitabine . A total of 167 cycles were administered , with a median number of 6 cycles -LRB- 1-29 -RRB- per patient . One toxic death occurred -LRB- sepsis -RRB- . Tolerance of treatment was acceptable , and the relative dose density delivered per patient was 92.8 % for oxaliplatin , 89.1 % for irinotecan and 96.4 % for FU . Grade 3-4 neutropenia occurred in 55.6 % of the patients , including 1 febrile neutropenia . The other toxicities were manageable . Regarding efficacy , 22 of the 27 patients were evaluable -LRB- WHO and RECIST criteria -RRB- . Five patients had partial responses and 12 stable disease , resulting in an overall disease control rate of 63 % . Median time to progression was 5.4 months -LRB- 0.7-25.48 -RRB- , and median event-free survival was 3 months -LRB- 0.5-24.9 -RRB- . Median overall survival was 8.5 months -LRB- 0-26 -RRB- . A clinical benefit was reported for 55 % of the patients . These results confirmed the good safety profile and the efficacy of the FOLFIRINOX regimen as second-line treatment of MPA . Data are lacking on the efficacy and safety of a combination chemotherapy regimen consisting of oxaliplatin , irinotecan , fluorouracil , and leucovorin -LRB- FOLFIRINOX -RRB- as compared with gemcitabine as first-line therapy in patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer . We randomly assigned 342 patients with an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status score of 0 or 1 -LRB- on a scale of 0 to 5 , with higher scores indicating a greater severity of illness -RRB- to receive FOLFIRINOX -LRB- oxaliplatin , 85 mg per square meter of body-surface area ; irinotecan , 180 mg per square meter ; leucovorin , 400 mg per square meter ; and fluorouracil , 400 mg per square meter given as a bolus followed by 2400 mg per square meter given as a 46-hour continuous infusion , every 2 weeks -RRB- or gemcitabine at a dose of 1000 mg per square meter weekly for 7 of 8 weeks and then weekly for 3 of 4 weeks . Six months of chemotherapy were recommended in both groups in patients who had a response . The primary end point was overall survival . The median overall survival was 11.1 months in the FOLFIRINOX group as compared with 6.8 months in the gemcitabine group -LRB- hazard ratio for death , 0.57 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 0.45 to 0.73 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . Median progression-free survival was 6.4 months in the FOLFIRINOX group and 3.3 months in the gemcitabine group -LRB- hazard ratio for disease progression , 0.47 ; 95 % CI , 0.37 to 0.59 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . The objective response rate was 31.6 % in the FOLFIRINOX group versus 9.4 % in the gemcitabine group -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . More adverse events were noted in the FOLFIRINOX group ; 5.4 % of patients in this group had febrile neutropenia . At 6 months , 31 % of the patients in the FOLFIRINOX group had a definitive degradation of the quality of life versus 66 % in the gemcitabine group -LRB- hazard ratio , 0.47 ; 95 % CI , 0.30 to 0.70 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . As compared with gemcitabine , FOLFIRINOX was associated with a survival advantage and had increased toxicity . FOLFIRINOX is an option for the treatment of patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer and good performance status . -LRB- Funded by the French government and others ; ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00112658 . -RRB- . Assessment of the change in tumour burden is an important feature of the clinical evaluation of cancer therapeutics : both tumour shrinkage -LRB- objective response -RRB- and disease progression are useful endpoints in clinical trials . Since RECIST was published in 2000 , many investigators , cooperative groups , industry and government authorities have adopted these criteria in the assessment of treatment outcomes . However , a number of questions and issues have arisen which have led to the development of a revised RECIST guideline -LRB- version 1.1 -RRB- . Evidence for changes , summarised in separate papers in this special issue , has come from assessment of a large data warehouse -LRB- > 6500 patients -RRB- , simulation studies and literature reviews . HIGHLIGHTS OF REVISED RECIST 1.1 : Major changes include : Number of lesions to be assessed : based on evidence from numerous trial databases merged into a data warehouse for analysis purposes , the number of lesions required to assess tumour burden for response determination has been reduced from a maximum of 10 to a maximum of five total -LRB- and from five to two per organ , maximum -RRB- . Assessment of pathological lymph nodes is now incorporated : nodes with a short axis of 15 mm are considered measurable and assessable as target lesions . The short axis measurement should be included in the sum of lesions in calculation of tumour response . Nodes that shrink to < 10 mm short axis are considered normal .
To confirm the immunological basis of type I diabetes and to determine if immune intervention alters the course of the disease , we studied the use of cyclosporine in a 1-year randomized , double-masked , placebo-controlled trial in 23 subjects enrolled within 6 weeks of diagnosis . Subjects included 12 males and 11 females , ages 9-38 years -LRB- mean , 19.7 + / - 1.8 years -RRB- . Initial dosage of cyclosporine was 10 mg/kg/day , given as a single daily dose , adjusted on the basis of side effects and trough cyclosporine levels . Glycemic control and insulin dosage were similar in both cyclosporine and placebo groups . The frequency of freedom from insulin usage also was similar in both groups ; however , it is not possible to draw conclusions about response rates , because of the very small sample size . Glucose tolerance , as measured by rate of intravenous glucose disposal did not differ between groups . Moreover , acute insulin response to intravenous glucose was not restored in any subject . On the other hand , in comparison to the placebo group , the cyclosporine group did show an increased meal-stimulated C-peptide response after 3 , 6 , 9 , and 12 months . When measured by regression analysis , the slope defining the rate of decline of beta cell function was significantly slower for the cyclosporine group than the placebo group -LRB- p less than 0.05 -RRB- . Thus , as measured in response to a physiological stimulus -LRB- meal challenge -RRB- , cyclosporine preserves islet beta cell function when used in recent onset type I diabetes . Side effects were minimal and reversible upon cessation of immune intervention . The preservation of islet beta cell function by immune intervention is consistent with the hypothesis that type I diabetes has an immune mechanism involved in its pathogenesis .
Penile cancer is a disease with a high morbidity and mortality . Its prevalence is relatively rare , but the highest in some developing countries . Insight into its precursor lesions , pathogenesis and risk factors offers options to prevent this potentially mutilating disease . This review presents an overview of the different histologically and clinically identified precursor lesions of penile cancer and discusses the molecular pathogenesis , including the role of HPV in penile cancer development . A systematic review of the literature evaluating penile carcinogenesis , risk factors and molecular mechanisms involved . Careful monitoring of men with lichen sclerosis , genital Bowen 's disease , erythroplasia of Queyrat and bowenoid papulosis seems useful , thereby offering early recognition of penile cancer and , subsequently , conservative therapeutic options . Special attention is given to flat penile lesions , which contain high numbers of HPV . Their role in HPV transmission to sexual partners is highlighted , but their potential to transform as a precursor lesion into penile cancer has been unsatisfactorily explored . Further research should not only focus on HPV mediated pathogenic pathways but also on the non-HPV related molecular and genetic factors that play a role in penile cancer development . Options for prevention of penile cancer include -LRB- neonatal -RRB- circumcision , limitation of penile HPV infections -LRB- either by prophylactic vaccination or condom use -RRB- , prevention of phimosis , treatment of chronic inflammatory conditions , limiting PUVA treatment , smoking cessation and hygienic measures . To examine trends in the incidence of primary , malignant penile cancer in the United States . A total of 1,817 men with primary , malignant penile cancer diagnosed between 1973 and 2002 from the Surveillance , Epidemiology and End Results Program Public-use data were used for analysis . Incidence rates were calculated by clinical and demographic variables of interest and decade of diagnosis -LRB- 1973-1982 , 1983-1992 , and 1993-2002 -RRB- using Surveillance , Epidemiology and End Results-Stat 6.1 , and trends were examined using the annual percent change statistic . Additional incidence calculations were performed to examine further racial/ethnic differences . The overall incidence of primary , malignant penile cancer from 1973 to 2002 was 0.69 per 100,000 . Incidence decreased significantly over time : 0.84 per 100,000 in 1973-1982 to 0.69 per 100,000 in 1982-1992 to 0.58 per 100,000 in 1993-2002 . Incidence increased with increasing age at diagnosis . The majority of cases had squamous cell carcinomas , graded as I or II , and originated at the glans penis . Incidence of unknown grade primary , malignant penile cancer decreased significantly over the last 30 years , as did incidence of primary site penis , not otherwise specified primary , malignant penile cancer . The incidence of regional stage disease also increased over time . From 1993 to 2002 , White Hispanics had the highest incidence rates -LRB- 1.01 per 100,000 -RRB- followed by Alaska Native/American Indians -LRB- 0.77 per 100,000 -RRB- and Blacks -LRB- 0.62 per 100,000 -RRB- . The overall incidence of primary , malignant penile cancer in the United States has decreased , and these rates varied by race/ethnicity . Incidence rates increased with increasing age at diagnosis , and the incidence of regional stage disease increased over time , while incidence of unknown grade primary , malignant penile cancer decreased over the last 30 years . Penile carcinoma is a rare , male cancer . Although the incidence of penile carcinoma is very low in Western countries , in some countries , the incidence is significantly greater , with penile carcinoma accounting for ≤ 10 % of all male malignancies . Greater insight has been gained in recent years as to its pathogenesis , the risk factors associated with its development , and the clinical and histological precursor lesions related to this disease . In this review , risk and conditions factors for penile carcinoma , molecular alterations in this type of cancer , histological types , and prognostic factors will be discussed in order to further our understanding of the biology and behavior of this cancer . We assessed the oncological outcome of penile conserving surgery and identified parameters predicting local recurrence , including resection margins . A total of 179 patients with invasive penile cancer treated with organ sparing surgery at a tertiary center between 2002 and 2010 fulfilled our study criteria . Demographic , histopathological , management and followup data were recorded in a prospective database . Local , regional and distant recurrence rates , time to recurrence and survival rates were calculated . Survival analysis was performed by the Kaplan-Meier method . Multivariate analysis was used to identify predictors of local recurrence . Mean followup was 42.8 months -LRB- range 4 to 107 -RRB- . Local , regional and distant metastatic recurrence developed in 16 -LRB- 8.9 % -RRB- , 19 -LRB- 10.6 % -RRB- and 9 patients -LRB- 5.0 % -RRB- at a mean of 26.1 , 26.8 and 11.7 months , respectively . The 5-year disease specific survival rate after recurrence was 54.7 % -LRB- 95 % CI 46.1-63.3 -RRB- . For patients with isolated local recurrence the 5-year disease specific survival rate was 91.7 % compared to 38.4 % for those with regional recurrence . The overall 5-year local recurrence-free rate was 86.3 % -LRB- 95 % CI 82.6-90.4 -RRB- . Tumor grade -LRB- p = 0.003 -RRB- , stage -LRB- p = 0.021 -RRB- and lymphovascular invasion -LRB- p = 0.014 -RRB- were identified as predictors of local recurrence on multivariate analysis . Penile conserving surgery is oncologically safe and a surgical excision margin of less than 5 mm is adequate . Higher local recurrence rates are associated with lymphovascular invasion , and higher tumor stage and grade . Local recurrence has no negative impact on long-term survival . We present medium-term outcome data for patients with invasive penile cancer treated with glansectomy and reconstruction with a split-thickness skin graft
Sixty-two elderly apparently healthy volunteers , inmates of a public nursing home , were examined for evidence of primary Sjögren 's syndrome -LRB- pSS -RRB- . Evaluation included a specific questionnaire for subjective xerophthalmia and xerostomia , slit-lamp eye examination after rose Bengal staining . Labial salivary gland -LRB- LSG -RRB- biopsy revealed fibrosis and/or fatty infiltration in the majority of the individuals , related to ageing . However , four people had a lip biopsy score of greater than or equal to 2 + , which , supplemented by other objective criteria , classified three of them as having pSS . Another four had an LSG biopsy score of 1 + , and although they fulfilled other objective criteria , they could not be characterized as pSS . All these individuals were completely asymptomatic , and none of them had anti-Ro -LRB- SSA -RRB- or anti-La -LRB- SSB -RRB- autoantibodies .
CT scanners differ in their capabilities , and various indications require unique protocols , but there remains room for standardization and optimization . In this paper , the authors summarize approaches to reduce dose , as discussed in lectures constituting the first session of the 2013 UCSF Virtual Symposium on Radiation Safety and Computed Tomography . The experience of scanning at low dose in different body regions , for both diagnostic and interventional CT procedures , is addressed . An essential primary step is justifying the medical need for each scan . General guiding principles for reducing dose include tailoring a scan to a patient , minimizing scan length , use of tube current modulation and minimizing tube current , minimizing tube potential , iterative reconstruction , and periodic review of CT studies .
We explored innovative features and functionalities of an ideal artificial pancreas -LRB- AP -RRB- system suggested by youth with type 1 diabetes and parents . Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 39 youth , ages 10-25 years , and 44 parents . Interviews were recorded , transcribed and coded using thematic analysis . Youth -LRB- 72 % female , 82 % non-Hispanic white -RRB- were -LRB- M ± SD -RRB- ages 17.0 ± 4.7 years , with diabetes for 9.4 ± 4.9 years , and HbA <sub> 1c </sub> of 68 ± 11 mmol/mol -LRB- 8.4 ± 1.1 % -RRB- ; 79 % were pump-treated and 82 % were continuous glucose monitor users . Of parents , 91 % were mothers and 86 % were non-Hispanic white , with a child 10.6 ± 4.5 years old . Youth seemed more driven by increasing convenience and normalcy while parents expressed more concerns with safety . Youth and parents expressed creative solutions for an ideal AP system to increase ease of use , enhance normalcy , and reduce burden of management .
As the modern era of cryosurgery began in the mid 1960s , the basic features of cryosurgical technique were established as rapid freezing , slow thawing , and repetition of the freeze-thaw cycle . Since then , new applications of cryosurgery have caused numerous investigations on the mechanism of injury in cryosurgery with the intent to better define appropriate or optimal temperature-time dosimetry of the freeze-thaw cycles . A diversity of opinion has become evident on some aspects of technique , but the basic tenets of cryosurgery remain unchanged . All the parts of the freeze-thaw cycle can cause tissue injury . The cooling rate should be as fast as possible , but it is not as critical as other factors . The coldest tissue temperature is the prime factor in cell death and this should be -50 degreesC in neoplastic tissue . The optimal duration of freezing is not known , but prolonged freezing increases tissue destruction . The thawing rate is a prime destructive factor and it should be as slow as possible . Repetition of the freeze-thaw cycle is well known to be an important factor in effective therapy . A prime need in cryosurgical research is related to the periphery of the cryosurgical lesion where some cells die and others live . Adjunctive therapy should influence the fate of cells in this region and increase the efficacy of cryosurgical techniques . In view of the increasing incidence of adenocarcinoma in Barrett 's esophagus and the mortality and high morbidity rates associated with surgical therapy for this condition , safe and effective but less invasive methods of treatment are needed . To evaluate efficacy and safety of endoscopic resection in these patients . Single-center prospective study . Teaching hospital , conducted between October 1996 and September 2003 . A total of 100 consecutive patients -LRB- mean age , 62.1 + / - 10.9 years ; range , 31-86 years -RRB- with low-risk adenocarcinoma of the esophagus -LRB- macroscopic types I , IIa , IIb , and IIc ; lesion diameter up to 20 mm ; mucosal lesion without invasion into lymph vessels and veins ; and histologic grades G1 and G2 -RRB- arising in Barrett 's metaplasia . Endoscopic resection with the suck-and-cut technique . Complete local remission . A total of 144 resections -LRB- 1.47 per patient -RRB- were performed without technical problems . No major complications and only 11 minor ones -LRB- bleedings without decrease of Hb > 2 g/dL ; treated with injection therapy -RRB- occurred . Complete local remission was achieved in 99 of the 100 patients after 1.9 months -LRB- range , 1-18 months -RRB- and a maximum of 3 resections . During a mean follow-up period of 36.7 months , recurrent or metachronous carcinomas were found in 11 % of the patients , but successful repeat treatment with endoscopic resection was possible in all of these cases . The calculated 5-year survival rate was 98 % . Two patients died of other causes . Nonblinded , nonrandomized study . Endoscopic resection is associated with favorable outcomes for low-risk patients with early esophageal adenocarcinoma -LRB- Barrett 's carcinoma -RRB- . In view of the mortality and morbidity rates of esophagectomy and the relatively large group of inoperable patients , local therapeutic techniques are required for high-grade dysplasia and early Barrett 's cancer . A prospective investigation of endoscopic mucosal resection was conducted in 64 patients -LRB- mean age , 65 + / - 10 years -RRB- who had early carcinoma -LRB- 61 patients -RRB- or high-grade dysplasia -LRB- 3 patients -RRB- in Barrett 's esophagus . Thirty-five patients met the criteria for low risk : macroscopic types I , IIa , IIb , and IIc ; lesion diameter up to 20 mm ; mucosal lesion ; and histological grades G1 and G2 and/or high-grade dysplasia -LRB- group A -RRB- . The remaining 29 patients were included in group B -LRB- high risk -RRB- . A total of 120 resections were performed , with no technical problems encountered . The mean number of treatment sessions per patient was 1 . 3 + / - 0.6 in group A and 2.8 + / - 2.0 in group B -LRB- P < 0.0005 -RRB- . Only one major complication occurred , a case of spurting bleeding , which was managed endoscopically . Complete local remission was achieved significantly earlier -LRB- P = 0.008 -RRB- in group A than in group B . In May 1999 , complete remission had been achieved in 97 % of the patients in group A and in 59 % of those in group B ; however , 1 patient in group A and 9 in group B are still undergoing treatment or awaiting the first check-up . During a mean follow-up of 12 + / - 8 months , recurrent or metachronous carcinomas were found in 14 % . Endoscopic mucosal resection of early carcinoma in Barrett 's esophagus is associated with promisingly low morbidity and mortality rates . The procedure may offer a new minimally invasive therapeutic alternative to esophagectomy , especially in low-risk situations . Comparisons with surgical results will need to be done when the long-term results of this procedure become available . Barrett 's esophagus -LRB- BE -RRB- may lead to high-grade dysplasia -LRB- HGD -RRB- and adenocarcinoma . The objective was to examine the impact of treating patients with BE and with HGD by using porfimer sodium -LRB- POR -RRB- and photodynamic therapy -LRB- PDT -RRB- for ablating HGD and reducing the incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma . The design was a multicenter , partially blinded -LRB- pathology -RRB- , randomized clinical trial conducted in patients with BE who have HGD . There were 30 contributing centers . A total of 485 patients were screened , with 208 in the intent-to-treat population and 202 in the safety population . Patients were randomized on a 2:1 basis to compare PDT with POR plus omeprazole -LRB- PORPDT -RRB-
Lipoinjection is a promising treatment but has some problems , such as unpredictability and a low rate of graft survival due to partial necrosis . To overcome the problems with lipoinjection , the authors developed a novel strategy known as cell-assisted lipotransfer -LRB- CAL -RRB- . In CAL , autologous adipose-derived stem -LRB- stromal -RRB- cells -LRB- ASCs -RRB- are used in combination with lipoinjection . A stromal vascular fraction -LRB- SVF -RRB- containing ASCs is freshly isolated from half of the aspirated fat and recombined with the other half . This process converts relatively ASC-poor aspirated fat to ASC-rich fat . This report presents the findings for 40 patients who underwent CAL for cosmetic breast augmentation . Final breast volume showed augmentation by 100 to 200 ml after a mean fat amount of 270 ml was injected . Cyst formation or microcalcification was detected in four patients . Almost all the patients were satisfied with the soft and natural-appearing augmentation . The preliminary results suggest that CAL is effective and safe for soft tissue augmentation and superior to conventional lipoinjection . Additional study is necessary to evaluate the efficacy of this technique further . Adipose-derived regenerative cells -LRB- ADRCs -RRB- contain several types of stem and regenerative cells , which may help improve graft retention through multiple mechanisms . Using a murine fat transplantation model , ADRCs were added to transplanted fat to test whether ADRCs could improve the long-term retention of the grafts . This study showed , at both 6 and 9 months after transplantation , ADRCs not only increased graft retention by 2-fold but also improved the quality of the grafts . ADRC-supplemented grafts had a higher capillary density , indicating ADRCs could promote neovascularization . Further cell tracking and gene expression studies suggest ADRCs may promote angiogenesis and adipocyte differentiation and prevent apoptosis through the expression of various growth factors , including VEGFA and IGF-1 . Taken together , these results suggest a potential clinical utility of ADRCs in facilitating autologous fat transfer for soft tissue augmentation .
The SPIRIT Statement provides guidance in the form of a checklist of recommended items to include in a clinical trial protocol . This SPIRIT 2013 Explanation and Elaboration paper provides important information to promote full understanding of the checklist recommendations . For each checklist item , we provide a rationale and detailed description ; a model example from an actual protocol ; and relevant references supporting its importance . We strongly recommend that this explanatory paper be used in conjunction with the SPIRIT Statement . A website of resources is also available -LRB- www.spirit-statement.org -RRB- . The SPIRIT 2013 Explanation and Elaboration paper , together with the Statement , should help with the drafting of trial protocols . Complete documentation of key trial elements can facilitate transparency and protocol review for the benefit of all stakeholders .
Eleven patients with type 1 diabetes and partial or total hypoglycemia unawareness received sensor-augmented insulin-pump therapy combined to the low blood glucose-suspend feature -LRB- Paradigm ® Veo ™ pump and Enlite ® sensors -RRB- for three months . Eighty per cent of the patients improved their hypoglycemia unawareness with an increase in the hypoglycemia perception threshold of 31 mg/dL as evaluated by blinded continuous glucose monitoring . These results were correlated to a self-assessment quiz evaluation . Results were sustained at six months -LRB- three months after patients stopped using the system -RRB- . Sensitive neuropathy , untreated hypoglycemia and the area under the curve for hypoglycemia events were associated with less chance of recovery . These devices were globally considered by the patients as simple to use , with no major disadvantages and only a single withdrawal occurred . Sensor-augmented insulin-pump therapy should be considered as a possible treatment of hypoglycemia unawareness .
In this study , escalating doses of Bortezomib were administered along with the standard FOLFOX-4 doses , in order to evaluate the dose-limiting toxicity -LRB- DLT -RRB- , toxicity profile and activity of the combination . Bortezomib starting dose was 1.3 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- , which was to be escalated in the subsequent steps according to the toxicities observed after first cycle . Exploratory pharmacogenetics research was conducted by analysing the association between clinical outcomes and polymorphisms in candidate genes for response to each of the used drugs . Correlation between tumour marker changes and response was also investigated . One mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- DL-1 -RRB- was defined as being the maximum tolerated dose since only 1 DLT was observed in 6 patients . The main toxicities were haematologic , neuropathy , diarrhoea and fatigue . Amongst 13 evaluable patients , five had a partial response , five had a stable disease and three patients progressed . Two patients are long-term survivors after a combined chemosurgical approach . Further trials of the current combination may be justified .
A review of 62 consecutive patients who sustained flail chest after trauma from 1971 to 1982 was conducted to document the late effects of this injury . The mechanism of injury was motor vehicle accident in 44 -LRB- 71 % -RRB- , fall in nine -LRB- 14.5 % -RRB- , and farming accident in nine -LRB- 14.5 % -RRB- . Patients ranged in age from 7 to 87 years . Twenty-four -LRB- 39 % -RRB- patients arrived in shock and 54 -LRB- 87 % -RRB- had major extra-thoracic associated injuries . Thirty-seven -LRB- 60 % -RRB- patients were managed by intubation and mechanical ventilation and 25 -LRB- 40 % -RRB- by chest physiotherapy . Pulmonary complications developed in 60 % of the total group . Five patients died 1 month to 9 years after discharge , and 17 were eventually lost to followup . Six-month to 12-year followup -LRB- mean , 5 years -RRB- was re-established for 32 patients . Twenty-one of these returned for comprehensive testing including physical examination , chest roentgenograms , spirometry , flow volume curves , diffusion testing , and calculation of dyspnea index . Of 32 patients questioned , only 12 had returned to full-time employment . Eight -LRB- 25 % -RRB- still had subjective chest tightness , 15 -LRB- 49 % -RRB- complained of thoracic cage pain , and 12 -LRB- 38 % -RRB- had experienced moderate or severe change in their overall level of activity . Using the British Medical Research Gradation for Dyspnea , three -LRB- 9 % -RRB- patients had moderate and six -LRB- 19 % -RRB- severe shortness of breath . Objective dyspnea index calculated from VEBTPS / MVV revealed mild dyspnea in 50 % and moderate dyspnea in 20 % . Formal carbon monoxide diffusion testing was normal in 90 % of patients and revealed mild decrease in 10 % . -LRB- ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS -RRB- This report describes our experience with the operative stabilization of flail chest with the use of Judet 's struts . In a series of 18 patients with flail chest , the method allowed shorter duration of artificial ventilation and decreased functional sequelae . We find this technique to be better than previously published methods , since it provides better stabilization and immobilization of the ribs and thus obviates the need for artificial ventilation . Since 1970 we have stabilized the ribs to correct paradoxical movement of the chest wall in chest injuries , using an original technique , in order to avoid as far as possible the need for long-term chest wall stabilization by intermittent positive pressure respiration -LRB- IPPR -RRB- . The technical details of surgical stabilization are described , and the different types of stainless steel struts are shown . Type I was originally used either as an intramedullary nail or as an external brace . Types II and III were designed for external fixation of the strut to the rib . Treatment of 29 patients with severe flail chest , classified into four groups is shown : group I was treated by IPPR , group II by IPPR plus surgical stabilization , group III by surgical stabilization only , and group IV by surgical stabilization after exploratory thoracotomy . The clinical results are discussed . We conclude that surgical stabilization of the paradoxial movement of the chest wall can avoid the use of the respirator or at least reduce the interval of IPPR to a short period during the initial recovery from trauma . Using type III struts , we have obtained stabilization of the flail chest in all cases even in patients with severe anterior paradoxical movement . The patients ' tolerance of surgical stainless steel struts was good . The indications for and preferred approaches to operative stabilization of posttraumatic chest wall instability are uncertain . We suggest this simple , rapid , and effective approach to surgical stabilization by Luque rod strutting of the flail segment when operation is required . This is a prospective evaluation of chest wall integrity and pulmonary function in patients with operative stabilisation for flail chest injuries . From 1990 to 1999 , 66 patients -LRB- 56 men , 10 women ; mean age 52.6 years -RRB- with antero-lateral flail chest -LRB- > or = 4 ribs fractured at > or = 2 sites -RRB- underwent surgical stabilisation using reconstruction plates . Clinical assessment and pulmonary function testing were performed at 6 months following surgery . Fifty-five -LRB- 83 % -RRB- patients had various combinations of injuries of the thorax , head , abdomen and extremities . Sixty-three -LRB- 95.5 % -RRB- patients underwent unilateral and 3 -LRB- 4.5 % -RRB- patients bilateral stabilisation with a median delay of 2.8 days -LRB- range 0-21 days -RRB- from admission . The 30-day mortality was 11 % -LRB- seven of 66 patients -RRB- . Immediate postoperative extubation was feasible in 31 of 66 patients -LRB- 47 % -RRB- and extubation within 7 days following stabilisation in 56 of 66 patients -LRB- 85 % -RRB- . No plate dislocation was observed during the follow-up . The shoulder girdle function was intact in 51 of 57 patients -LRB- 90 % -RRB- . Chest wall complaints were noted in 6 of 57 -LRB- 11 % -RRB- patients , requiring removal of implants in three cases . All patients returned to work within a mean period of 8 -LRB- range 3-16 -RRB- weeks following discharge . Pulmonary function testing -LRB- n = 50 -RRB- at 6 months after the operation revealed a significant difference of predicted vs. recorded vital capacity -LRB- VC -RRB- and forced expiratory volume in 1s -LRB- FEV1 -RRB- -LRB- P = 0.04 and P = 0.0001 , respectively ; Wilcoxon signed-rank test -RRB- . The median ratio of the recorded and predicted total lung capacity -LRB- TLC -RRB- was shown to be significantly higher than 0.85 -LRB- P = 0.0002 ; Wilcoxon signed-rank test -RRB- , indicating prevention of pulmonary restriction .
The term hereditary spastic paraplegia -LRB- HSP -RRB- embraces a clinically and genetically heterogeneous group of neurodegenerative diseases characterized by progressive spasticity and weakness of the lower limbs . There currently exist no specific therapies for HSP , and treatment is exclusively symptomatic , aimed at reducing muscle spasticity , and improving strength and gait . The authors set out to perform a comprehensive systematic review of the available scientific literature on the treatment of HSP , applying Cochrane Collaboration methods . The Google Scholar , PubMed and Scopus electronic databases were searched to find relevant randomized control trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- and open-label interventional studies , prospective , and retrospective observational studies of supplements , medications , and physical therapy , as well as case reports and case series . Two authors independently analyzed 27 articles selected on the basis of a series of inclusion criteria . Applying a best-evidence synthesis approach , they evaluated these articles for methodological quality . A standardized scoring system was used to obtain interrater assessments . Disagreements were resolved by discussion . The 27 articles focused on pharmacological treatment -LRB- <i> n </i> = 17 articles -RRB- , physical therapy -LRB- <i> n </i> = 5 -RRB- , surgical treatment -LRB- <i> n </i> = 5 -RRB- . The drugs used in the 17 articles on pharmacological therapy were : gabapentin , progabide , dalfampridine , botulinum toxin , L-Dopa , cholesterol-lowering drugs , betaine , and folinic acid . Gabapentin , progabide , dalfampridine , and botulinum toxin were used as antispastic agents ; the study evaluating gabapentin efficacy was well-designed , but failed to demonstrate any significant improvement . L-Dopa , cholesterol-lowering drugs , betaine , and folinic acid were only used in specific HSP subtypes . Two of the three studies evaluating cholesterol-lowering drugs -LRB- in SPG5 patients -RRB- were well-designed and showed a significant reduction of specific serum biomarkers -LRB- oxysterols -RRB- , but clinical outcomes were not evaluated . The articles focusing on physical treatment and surgical therapy were found to be of low/medium quality and , accordingly , failed to clarify the role of these approaches in HSP . Despite recent advances in understanding of the pathogenesis of HSP and the possibility , in several centers , of obtaining more precise and rapid molecular diagnoses , there is still no adequate evidence base for recommending the various published therapies . Well-designed RCTs are needed to evaluate the efficacy of both symptomatic and pathogenetic treatments . Hereditary spastic paraplegia -LRB- HSP -RRB- is a group of clinically and genetically heterogeneous neurological disorders characterized by pathophysiologic hallmark of length-dependent distal axonal degeneration of the corticospinal tracts . To date , 72 spastic gait disease-loci and 55 spastic paraplegia genes -LRB- SPGs -RRB- have been identified . All modes of inheritance -LRB- autosomal dominant , autosomal recessive , and X-linked -RRB- have been described . Recently , a late onset spastic gait disorder with maternal trait of inheritance has been reported , as well as mutations in genes not yet classified as spastic gait disease . Several cellular processes are involved in its pathogenesis , such as membrane and axonal transport , endoplasmic reticulum membrane modeling and shaping , mitochondrial function , DNA repair , autophagy , and abnormalities in lipid metabolism and myelination processes . Moreover , recent evidences have been found about the impairment of endosome membrane trafficking in vesicle formation and about the involvement of oxidative stress and mtDNA polymorphisms in the onset of the disease . Interactome networks have been postulated by bioinformatics and biological analyses of spastic paraplegia genes , which would contribute to the development of new therapeutic approaches . Substrate reduction therapy uses small molecules to slow the rate of glycolipid biosynthesis . One of these drugs , N-butyldeoxynojirimycin -LRB- NB-DNJ -RRB- , shows efficacy in mouse models of Tay-Sachs , Sandhoff and Fabry diseases . The infantile onset variants will require an additional enzyme-augmenting modality if the pathology is to be significantly improved . A second drug , N-butyldeoxyglactonojirimycin , looks very promising for treating storage diseases with neurological involvement as high systemic dosing is achievable without any side-effects .
We enrolled 279 consecutive patients who underwent cardiac device implantation/replacement at our tertiary/quaternary cardiac specialist hospital during a 17-month study period . Continuous combined intravenous conscious sedation with propofol and midazolam plus fentanyl and local anaesthesia were used for all procedures . Among the patients , 113 , 59 , 43 , and 64 patients underwent pacemaker implantation , implantable cardiac defibrillator implantation , cardiac resynchronisation therapy device implantation , and generator exchange , respectively . The procedural success rate was 100 % , with no apnoea or hypoxia episodes requiring therapeutic intervention . None of the patients required conversion to general anaesthesia . The mean surgical duration was longer for complex vs. noncomplex procedures -LRB- p = 0.003 -RRB- . The minimum mean arterial pressure during complex procedures was slightly lower than that during noncomplex procedures -LRB- p = 0.03 -RRB- . The perioperative -LRB- < 24 h -RRB- mortality rate was 0 % , and neither complexity group required tracheal intubation . Only two patients -LRB- 0.7 % -RRB- required unplanned intensive care unit admission for further surveillance . Our findings suggest that local anaesthesia with conscious sedation is a safe and feasible option for cardiac device implantation procedures , including complex procedures . The pectoral nerve block type II -LRB- PECS II block -RRB- is widely used for postoperative analgesia after breast surgery . This study evaluated the analgesic efficacy of PECS II block in patients undergoing breast-conserving surgery -LRB- BCS -RRB- and sentinel lymph node biopsy -LRB- SNB -RRB- . Patients were randomized to the control group -LRB- <i> n </i> = 40 -RRB- and the PECS II group -LRB- <i> n </i> = 40 -RRB- . An ultrasound-guided PECS II block was performed after induction of anesthesia . Opioid requirement was assessed according to tumor location . However , the frequency of rescue analgesics did not differ between these groups . Opioid consumption in the PECS II group was significantly lower in patients with tumors in the outer area than that in patients with tumors in the inner area -LRB- 32.5 ± 23.0 <i> µ </i> g versus 58.0 ± 29.3 <i> µ </i> g , <i> p </i> = 0.007 -RRB- . The axillary NRS was consistently lower through 24 hr in the PECS II group . Although the PECS II block seemed to reduce pain intensity and opioid requirements for 24 h after BCS and SNB , these reductions may not be clinically significant . This trial is registered with Clinical Research Information Service KCT0002509 .
To describe the clinical course of a young woman who developed vestibulodynia with introital dyspareunia while on oral contraceptive -LRB- OCs -RRB- and to provide a possible explanation for the etiology of her symptoms as well as her recovery after treatment . A single case is presented including subjective reporting , laboratory evaluation , and quantitative sensory testing . After topical hormonal therapy , the patient reported resolution of her dyspareunia and and her laboratory values normalized . To analyze possible differences in somatosensory perception in the vestibular mucosa in healthy women associated with the use of oral contraceptives . Quantitative sensory tests were performed on the vestibular mucosa in 39 healthy women . Twenty women were using oral contraceptives containing 30-40 microg ethinyl estradiol combined with various progestins ; 19 women with regular menstrual periods not using oral contraceptives served as controls . The testing included mechanical and heat pain thresholds and detection thresholds of warmth and cold in the anterior and posterior part of the vestibule . Significant lower mechanical pain thresholds were observed in both areas tested in women using oral contraceptives . The most sensitive area was the posterior vestibule in the group using oral contraceptives with a mechanical pain threshold of 72 + / - 10 -LRB- + / - SEM -RRB- mN as compared to 161 + / - 3 mN -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- , in the controls . The result of the thermotest showed no significant differences between the groups . Oral contraceptives may induce increased sensitivity in the vestibular mucosa in healthy women and might be one contributingfactor in the development of vulvar vestibulitis . To determine the epidemiologic characteristics of patients with vulvar vestibulitis . During the years 1992-1994 , 32 women with vulvar vestibulitis were referred to the Vulva Clinic , University Hospital , Umeå , Sweden . They were asked questions regarding age , age at first intercourse , pregnancies , number of lifetime partners , use of oral contraceptives and past gynecologic history , including infections and previous treatments . The cases were compared to 17 healthy controls . For statistical evaluation , the two-tailed Wilcoxon rank sum test was used . There were no differences between the groups regarding age , age at first intercourse , pregnancies , number of lifetime partners or history of genital infections , with the exception of human papillomavirus . The cases had been treated significantly more often for suspected papillomavirus infection and had also used oral contraceptives for a significantly longer period . This study provided support for the hypothesis of a steroidal etiology of the syndrome . To assess the prevalence of genital bacterial infection among women with vulvar vestibulitis syndrome and to evaluate the association of several potential risk factors with the occurrence of the syndrome . Fifty-seven women referred for dyspareunia who satisfied Friedrich 's criteria and had symptoms for at least 6 months were recruited as cases . Controls included 173 patients without dyspareunia seen at a private clinic . Cases and controls were aged 18-35 years and were not pregnant . Among cases , the prevalences were low for genital infection with gonorrhea -LRB- 0 % -RRB- , Chlamydia -LRB- 0 % -RRB- , Trichomonas -LRB- 0 % -RRB- , Mycoplasma -LRB- 0 % -RRB- , Gardnerella -LRB- 14 % -RRB- , and Candida -LRB- 8.8 % -RRB- . Ureaplasma was detected in the Bartholin glands of ten affected women -LRB- 17.5 % -RRB- . Human papillomavirus DNA was detected in only three cases -LRB- 5.3 % -RRB- based on polymerase chain reaction assays on vestibular biopsies . The relative risk -LRB- RR -RRB- of the syndrome was related to some aspects of sexual and reproductive history . In particular , the RR in women who had used oral contraceptives -LRB- OCs -RRB- early -LRB- before age 17 -RRB- reached 11.0 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- 1.3-97.1 -RRB- relative to those who had never used OCs . Women who had first intercourse at age 15 or earlier had a 3.3-fold increase in RR -LRB- 95 % CI 1.4-8.0 -RRB- compared to those who had first intercourse at age 16 or later . Our data provide little support for the idea that infection causes the vulvar vestibulitis syndrome . Hormonal factors such as early OC use may be involved in the etiology of this condition . This study was undertaken to survey the steroid receptor expression and morphology in the vulvar vestibular mucosa in women with provoked vestibulodynia . Fourteen patients and 25 controls without oral contraceptives were included . Vestibular biopsy specimens were obtained and analyzed by using immunohistochemistry , followed by computerized image analysis of estrogen receptors alpha and beta , progesterone receptors A and B , glucocorticoid receptor , androgen receptor , and the proliferation marker Ki67 . The morphology was estimated by measuring 4 parameters in the epithelium . There was a significantly higher expression of estrogen receptor alpha in both the epithelium -LRB- P = .04 -RRB- and the stroma -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- in the patient specimens compared with the controls . There were no significant differences in the other analyses performed . There is an increased expression of estrogen receptor alpha in the vestibular mucosa but the epithelial morphology seems unaffected in women with provoked vestibulodynia . Further studies regarding plausible associations to neurogenic inflammation are needed . The objective was to evaluate the influence of combined oral contraceptives -LRB- COC -RRB- and of the menstrual cycle on the steroid receptor expression in the vulvar vestibular mucosa of healthy women . Forty-five healthy women -LRB- 20 with COC and 25 without -RRB- were included . Vestibular biopsies were obtained during the menstrual cycle . Estrogen receptors -LRB- ER -RRB- alpha and beta , progesterone receptors -LRB- PR -RRB- A and B , glucocorticoid receptor and androgen receptor as well as the proliferation marker Ki67 were analyzed using immunohistochemistry followed by computerized image analysis .
However , for many children they can be both painful and distressing . There was concern among the nurses at our pediatric hospital that we were not adequately controlling pain from needle procedures . We were interested in obtaining more information about the incidence and types of needle procedures and the current use of topical analgesics . The use of topical anesthetics and other comfort measures was also examined . In total , 387 procedures were performed over a 23-day period . The majority of the procedures were perceived as easy , and the modal time to complete the procedures was 5 minutes . A topical anesthetic was used for 74 procedures -LRB- i.e. , 19 % -RRB- , and the majority of these procedures were performed on the medical day unit with oncology patients . Results of the survey provided information about the day-to-day practice of needle procedures in order to identify both the supports and the barriers to providing these procedures atraumatically . Examining needle procedures within a framework of atraumatic care broadened our perspective and enabled us to integrate the use of topical anesthetics as just one of a number of strategies to minimize the pain and distress associated with needle procedures . While there is no question that children dislike needles , there are very little data available on the occurrence of high levels of distress experienced by children undergoing routine venipunctures . To provide some insight into this problem , trained observers evaluated distress in 223 different children and adolescents undergoing this procedure . An observational distress scale of 1 to 5 was developed ; 1 = calm , 2 = timid/nervous , 3 = serious distress , but still under control , 4 = serious distress with loss of control , and 5 = panic . We observed a strong relation between distress and age but not between distress and gender . During the actual venipuncture , half the subjects -LRB- 113/223 -RRB- were scored as having high levels of distress -LRB- 3 or more -RRB- . Our subjects were also grouped into three age ranges : toddlers ; 2 1/2 to 6 years , N = 70 ; preadolescents ; 7 to 12 years , N = 55 ; and adolescents ; 12 years and older , N = 98 . The percent of subjects experiencing high levels of distress for each age group were : 83 % , 51 % , and 28 % , respectively . We conclude that for venipunctures : 1 -RRB- high levels of distress are common , and 2 -RRB- age and not gender correlates with distress . Other correlations are discussed . Toddlers and pre-adolescents should be the targets for new interventions to reduce distress . This article examines an area of a larger research project , aimed at investigating hospitalized children 's experiences of pain . Descriptions of pain and views regarding the purpose of four to 11-year-old children 's pain were investigated . A total of 44 hospitalized children participated in the study . The data were collected by means of a qualitative interview with the children . Using qualitative content analysis , interviews were coded and categories identified . Participant descriptions aimed at generalizing the pain . The children specified the nature of the pain and used paraphrases and metaphors . The study demonstrated that most of the children were able to articulate the purpose that they ascribe to their pain . The findings challenge nursing staff to regard the suffering child as an active partner in assessing their pain . An enhanced understanding can better prepare nurses for participating in the management of hospitalized children 's pain . Researchers have relied , almost without exception , on adults for qualitative information about children 's pain . However , adults may provide only a limited view of children 's pain experience . The purpose of this article is to describe the events considered painful by children . Forty-four children participated in the study . They had been admitted for different reasons into different wards of a university hospital . The data consisted of qualitative child interviews and was analysed using inductive content analysis . The pain experience of children came from four main sources : 1 . pain as a symptom of a diagnosed illness , 2 . pain caused by medical and diagnostic procedures and basic nursing , 3 . pain caused by accidents and 4 . inexplicable pain not caused by a particular illness or injury . Children are able to report and describe their pain . Children should be regarded as experts on their pain in order to maximize the options for pain management . Our knowledge of the prevalence and sources of pain within hospital is limited . The present study is an epidemiological investigation of pain in a pediatric hospital . All children who were inpatients in a tertiary care hospital -LRB- excluding Neonatal ICU and psychiatry patients -RRB- and one parent per child were potential subjects . Interviews were conducted on three weekdays . Parent interviews were used for children less than 5 years of age -LRB- n = 102 -RRB- ; child interviews were used for children age 5 years and older -LRB- n = 98 -RRB- . Subjects reported the intensity and source of the worst , usual and current pain during the past 24 h , and help received for pain . Medical and demographic variables and analgesics prescribed and administered were obtained from the medical record . Forty-nine percent of subjects reported clinically significant levels of worst pain . Twenty-one percent of subjects had clinically significant levels of usual pain . Causes of pain were variable and included disease , surgery , and intravenous lines -LRB- I.V. -RRB- . Pain intensity was not significantly related to age , gender , patient type -LRB- medical , surgical -RRB- , or diagnostic category . Children were given significantly less medication than was prescribed , regardless
In 1903 , Leishman and Donovan separately described the protozoan now called Leishmania donovani in splenic tissue from patients in India with the life-threatening disease now called visceral leishmaniasis . Almost a century later , many features of leishmaniasis and its major syndromes -LRB- ie , visceral , cutaneous , and mucosal -RRB- have remained the same ; but also much has changed . As before , epidemics of this sandfly-borne disease occur periodically in India and elsewhere ; but leishmaniasis has also emerged in new regions and settings , for example , as an AIDS-associated opportunistic infection . Diagnosis still typically relies on classic microbiological methods , but molecular-based approaches are being tested . Pentavalent antimony compounds have been the mainstay of antileishmanial therapy for half a century , but lipid formulations of amphotericin B -LRB- though expensive and administered parenterally -RRB- represent a major advance for treating visceral leishmaniasis . A pressing need is for the technological advances in the understanding of the immune response to leishmania and the pathogenesis of leishmaniasis to be translated into field-applicable and affordable methods for diagnosis , treatment , and prevention of this disease . Skin diseases have only recently been considered as a possible public health problem in developing countries . Data supporting this matter are scarce . The aim of this study is to report the experience of a specialized dermatologic center in Bamako -LRB- Mali -RRB- in order to complete two previous studies conducted in the Bamako area : a prevalence study in the general population and a study in nonspecialized health centers of Bamako . It is our intention to provide a comprehensive picture of the problem of skin diseases in an African developing country . We retrospectively collected all cases of skin diseases diagnosed during consultations provided at the Institut Marchoux in Bamako , the only center specializing in dermatology in Mali , during the year 1993 . The main skin diseases registered were as follows : infectious dermatoses -LRB- 41 % of all diagnoses , including scabies -LRB- 16.6 % -RRB- , superficial mycoses -LRB- 13.6 % -RRB- , and primary pyoderma -LRB- 5.6 % -RRB- -RRB- , dermatitis -LRB- 20.4 % -RRB- , papular urticaria -LRB- 4.4 % -RRB- , acne -LRB- 4.2 % -RRB- , pityriasis alba -LRB- 3.6 % -RRB- , keratoderma -LRB- 3.6 % -RRB- , and urticaria -LRB- 3 % -RRB- . Typical tropical infectious diseases accounted for only 1 % of all diagnoses . It appears that certain skin diseases -LRB- mainly scabies and pyoderma -RRB- are an important health problem for the population of the Bamako area . Public health policies should be implemented in order to manage this problem rationally . A controlled study of the efficacy of topical paromomycin sulfate -LRB- PR -RRB- and methylbenzethonium chloride -LRB- MBCl -RRB- in cutaneous leishmaniasis -LRB- CL -RRB- has not yet been performed . The therapeutic effect of an ointment containing 15 % PR and either 12 % or 5 % MBCl -LRB- 15/12 or 15/5 P-ointment -RRB- on patients suffering from Old World CL was examined in a randomized , double-blind , cross-over study . Thirty-nine patients with Old World CL caused by Leishmania major were treated topically , twice daily , for 10 to 20 days with 15/12 or 15/5 P-ointment and 10 to 20 days with a placebo ointment to achieve a total of 30 days of treatment in all groups . Little difference was found between the 15/12 and 15/5 P-ointment groups . In most of the patients treated with the active ingredients , total elimination of the parasites was achieved within the first 10 days of treatment .
Clostridium novyi-NT -LRB- C. novyi-NT -RRB- spores have been shown to be potent therapeutic agents in experimental tumors of mice and rabbits . In the present study , pharmacologic and toxicologic studies were performed to better understand the factors influencing the efficacy and toxicity of this form of therapy . We found that spores were rapidly cleared from the circulation by the reticuloendothelial system . Even after large doses were administered , no clinical toxicity was observed in healthy mice or rabbits . The spores were also not toxic in mice harboring poorly vascularized non-neoplastic lesions , including myocardial infarcts . In tumor-bearing mice , toxicity appeared related to tumor size and spore dose , as expected with any bacterial infection . However , there was no laboratory or histopathologic evidence of sepsis , and the toxicity could be effectively controlled by simple hydration . Current approaches for treating cancer are limited , in part , by the inability of drugs to affect the poorly vascularized regions of tumors . We have found that C. novyi-NT in combination with anti-microtubule agents can cause the destruction of both the vascular and avascular compartments of tumors . The two classes of microtubule inhibitors were found to exert markedly different effects . Some agents that inhibited microtubule synthesis , such as HTI-286 and vinorelbine , caused rapid , massive hemorrhagic necrosis when used in combination with C. novyi-NT . In contrast , agents that stabilized microtubules , such as the taxanes docetaxel and MAC-321 , resulted in slow tumor regressions that killed most neoplastic cells . Remaining cells in the poorly perfused regions of tumors could be eradicated by C. novyi-NT . Mechanistic studies showed that the microtubule destabilizers , but not the microtubule stabilizers , radically reduced blood flow to tumors , thereby enlarging the hypoxic niche in which C. novyi-NT spores could germinate . A single intravenous injection of C. novyi-NT plus selected anti-microtubule agents was able to cause regressions of several human tumor xenografts in nude mice in the absence of excessive toxicity . To test this hypothesis , we used spores of Clostridium novyi-NT to treat transplanted tumors in mice . The bacteria were found to markedly improve the efficacy of radiotherapy in several of the mouse models tested . Enhancement was noted with external beam radiation derived from a Cs-137 source , systemic radioimmunotherapy with an I-131-conjugated monoclonal antibody , and a previously undescribed form of experimental brachytherapy using plaques loaded with I-125 seeds . C. novyi-NT spores added little toxicity to the radiotherapeutic regimens , and the combination resulted in long-term remissions in a significant fraction of animals .
Angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma -LRB- AITL -RRB- is a systemic disease involving lymph nodes , spleen , and bone marrow . Although the histologic features have been well described , the diagnosis is often challenging , as there are no specific phenotypic or molecular markers available . This study shows that the neoplastic cells of AITL can be identified by aberrant CD10 expression . Archival material from 30 cases of AITL , 10 cases of peripheral T-cell lymphoma unspecified -LRB- PTL -RRB- , and 10 cases of reactive lymphoid hyperplasia were reviewed . Single and double immunostaining for CD3 , CD4 , CD8 , CD20 , CD21 , CD10 , BCL6 , Ki67 , and LMP-1 in situ hybridization for Epstein-Barr early region and polymerase chain reaction -LRB- PCR -RRB- for T-cell receptor gamma chain gene and immunoglobulin heavy chain gene were performed . Three overlapping histologic patterns with hyperplastic follicles , depleted follicles , or without follicles were identified in AITL . Of the 30 cases of AITL , 27 contained CD10 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells . No CD10 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells were present in the cases of PTL or reactive hyperplasia . PCR confirmed a monoclonal or oligoclonal T-cell population in 29 of 30 cases of AITL and a monoclonal B-cell population in 6 cases . Analysis of microdissected CD10 -LRB- + -RRB- single cells showed that they belonged to the neoplastic clone . In conclusion CD10 is a phenotypic marker that specifically identifies the tumor cells in 90 % of AITL , including the early cases . The presence of these cells distinguishes AITL from other PTLs . This finding provides an objective criterion for accurate and early diagnosis of AITL . Various patterns of Epstein-Barr virus -LRB- EBV -RRB- - associated B-cell lymphoproliferation occur in patients with immunodeficiency . We studied 17 cases of T-cell lymphoma displaying extensive EBV-driven B-cell lymphoproliferation or simultaneous/subsequent EBV-associated B-cell lymphoma . In 10 cases of angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma , an uncommonly prominent population of EBV + atypical , activated , focally confluent large transformed B cells was found in the background of T-cell lymphoma . In 4 cases , an EBV-associated B-cell neoplasm -LRB- 3 diffuse large B-cell lymphomas , 1 plasmacytoma -RRB- occurred in patients with T-cell lymphoma . Three cases were composite lymphomas of a peripheral T-cell lymphoma , unspecified , combined with EBV-associated diffuse large B-cell lymphoma . The transformed B-cell population displayed EBV latency types 2 and 3 . Monoclonal and oligoclonal B-cell populations were detected in 5 and 6 cases , respectively . Peripheral T-cell lymphomas -LRB- PTCL -RRB- have been generally reported to have a worse prognosis than B-cell lymphomas -LRB- BCL -RRB- . Because of their heterogeneity and scarcity , the outcomes of the different histological subtypes have not been compared . From October 1987 to March 1993 , 1,883 patients with diffuse aggressive non-Hodgkin 's lymphomas -LRB- NHL -RRB- included in the LNH87 protocol could be assessed for both morphology and immunophenotyping . Among them , 288 -LRB- 15 % -RRB- had PTCL and 1,595 -LRB- 85 % -RRB- had BCL . According to the Kiel classification , most PTCL were classified as angioimmunoblastic -LRB- AIL ; 23 % -RRB- , pleomorphic medium and large T-cell -LRB- PML ; 49 % -RRB- , or anaplastic large cell -LRB- ALCL ; 20 % -RRB- lymphomas . According to the International Prognostic Index -LRB- IPI -RRB- , PTCL and BCL scores were , respectively : 0 factors , 13 % and 15 % ; 1 factor , 17 % and 22 % ; 2 factors , 24 % and 25 % ; > / = 3 factors , 45 % and 37 % -LRB- P = .09 -RRB- . For BCL and PTCL , respectively , complete remission rates were 63 % and 54 % -LRB- P = .004 -RRB- ; the 5-year overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- rates were 53 % and 41 % -LRB- P = .0004 -RRB- and event-free survival -LRB- EFS -RRB- rates were 42 % and 33 % -LRB- P < . 0001 -RRB- . Comparison of the different histological subtypes of lymphoma showed that the 5-year OS rate for T-ALCL -LRB- 64 % -RRB- was superior to those of other PTCL -LRB- 35 % -RRB- as well as diffuse large B-cell -LRB- 53 % -RRB- NHL . When multivariate analysis was applied using the IPI score as one factor , nonanaplastic PTCL remained an independent parameter -LRB- P = . 0004 -RRB- . Although the poor prognosis of non-ALCL PTCL could be due in part to the presence of adverse prognostic factors at diagnosis , this study shows that the T-cell phenotype is an independent significant factor , which should be incorporated into the definition of prognostic groups .
To describe a novel method of safe and effective intensive management of inpatient hyperglycemia with use of cost-effective protocols directed by a glucose management service -LRB- GMS -RRB- . An intravenous insulin protocol was designed to achieve a glycemic target of 80 to 110 mg/dL . When stable inpatients were transferred from the intravenous protocol to a subcutaneous insulin protocol , which consisted of basal long-acting and prandial and supplemental rapid-acting insulins , the blood glucose target was 80 to 150 mg/dL . Glucose levels were reviewed by the GMS at least daily for protocol adjustments , when necessary . The intravenous insulin protocol was used in 276 patients , and 4,058 capillary blood glucose levels were recorded . Glycemic target levels -LRB- 80 to 110 mg/dL -RRB- were achieved , on average , 10.6 + / - 5.2 hours after initiation of insulin drip therapy . The mean capillary blood glucose level during the study interval was 135.3 + / - 49.9 mg/dL . Hypoglycemia -LRB- < or = 60 mg/dL -RRB- was recorded in 1.5 % of glucose values , and hyperglycemia -LRB- > or = 400 mg/dL -RRB- was recorded in only 0.06 % . The subcutaneous insulin protocol was used in 922 patients , and 18,067 capillary glucose levels were documented . The mean blood glucose level was 145.6 + / - 55.8 mg/dL during the study period . The blood glucose target of 80 to 150 mg/dL was achieved in 58.6 % , whereas 74.3 % of glycemic values were in the clinically acceptable range -LRB- 80 to 180 mg/dL -RRB- . Hypoglycemia -LRB- < or = 60 mg/dL -RRB- occurred in 1.3 % of capillary blood glucose values , and hyperglycemia -LRB- > or = 400 mg/dL -RRB- occurred in 0.4 % of values . Validated protocols dedicated to the achievement of strict glycemic goals were implemented by a GMS and resulted in substantial improvements in glycemic control on the surgical inpatient services , with a reduced frequency of hypoglycemia . The protocols and the GMS have been well received by the inpatient nursing and surgical staff members , and all of this has been done in a cost-effective manner . To determine if glucose management in postcardiothoracic surgery patients with a combined intravenous -LRB- IV -RRB- and subcutaneous -LRB- SC -RRB- insulin regimen reduces mortality and morbidity in patients with diabetes and stress-induced hyperglycemia . Retrospective review of 614 consecutive patients who underwent cardiothoracic -LRB- CT -RRB- surgery in 2005 was performed to evaluate the incidence and treatment of postoperative hyperglycemia and operative morbidity and mortality . Hyperglycemic patients -LRB- glucose > 6.05 mmol/l -RRB- were treated with IV insulin in the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- followed by SC insulin -LRB- outside ICU -RRB- . Subgroup analysis was performed on 159 coronary artery bypass grafting -LRB- CABG -RRB- - only patients . Among all CT surgeries , patients with a preoperative diagnosis of diabetes had higher rates of postoperative mortality -LRB- 7.3 vs. 3.3 % ; P = 0.03 -RRB- and pulmonary complications -LRB- 19.5 vs. 11.6 % ; P = 0.02 -RRB- but had similar rates of infections and cardiac , renal , and neurological complications on univariate analysis . However , on multivariate analysis , a preoperative diagnosis of diabetes was not a significant factor in postoperative mortality or pulmonary complications . In CABG-only patients , no significant differences were seen in outcomes between diabetic and nondiabetic patients . Independent of diabetic status , glucose > or = 11 mmol/l on ICU admission was predictive of higher rates of mortality and renal , pulmonary , and cardiac postoperative complications . A combination of IV insulin -LRB- in the ICU -RRB- and SC insulin -LRB- outside the ICU -RRB- , a less costly and less nursing-intensive therapy than 3 days of IV insulin postoperatively , results in a reduction of the increased surgical morbidity and mortality in diabetic patients after CT surgery . We sought to study the optimal management of hyperglycemia in non-intensive care unit patients with type 2 diabetes , as few studies thus far have focused on the subject . We conducted a prospective , multicenter , randomized trial to compare the efficacy and safety of a basal-bolus insulin regimen with that of sliding-scale regular insulin -LRB- SSI -RRB- in patients with type 2 diabetes . A total of 130 insulin-naive patients were randomized to receive glargine and glulisine -LRB- n = 65 -RRB- or a standard SSI protocol -LRB- n = 65 -RRB- . Glargine was given once daily and glulisine before meals at a starting dose of 0.4 units x kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- x day -LRB- -1 -RRB- for blood glucose 140-200 mg/dl or 0.5 units x kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- x day -LRB- -1 -RRB- for blood glucose 201-400 mg/dl . SSI was given four times per day for blood glucose > 140 mg/dl . The mean admission blood glucose was 229 + / - 6 mg/dl and A1C 8.8 + / - 2 % . A blood glucose target of < 140 mg/dl was achieved in 66 % of patients in the glargine and glulisine group and in 38 % of those in the SSI group . The mean daily blood glucose between groups ranged from 23 to 58 mg/dl , with an overall blood glucose difference of 27 mg/dl -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- . Despite increasing insulin doses , 14 % of patients treated with SSI remained with blood glucose > 240 mg/dl . There were no differences in the rate of hypoglycemia or length of hospital stay . Treatment with insulin glargine and glulisine resulted in significant improvement in glycemic control compared with that achieved with the use of SSI alone . Our study indicates that a basal-bolus insulin regimen is preferred over SSI in the management of non-critically ill , hospitalized patients with type 2 diabetes . Studies comparing the use of basal bolus with insulin analogs vs.
To report 3-year outcomes of patients who participated in a randomized trial evaluating 1-mg and 4-mg doses of preservative-free intravitreal triamcinolone compared with focal/grid photocoagulation for treatment of diabetic macular edema . Eyes with diabetic macular edema and visual acuities of 20/40 to 20/320 were randomly assigned to focal/grid photocoagulation or 1 mg or 4 mg of triamcinolone . At the conclusion of the trial , 3-year follow-up data were available in 306 eyes . Between 2 years -LRB- time of the primary outcome -RRB- and 3 years , more eyes improved than worsened in all 3 treatment groups . Change in visual acuity letter score from baseline to 3 years was +5 in the laser group and 0 in each triamcinolone group . The cumulative probability of cataract surgery by 3 years was 31 % , 46 % , and 83 % in the laser and 1-mg and 4-mg triamcinolone groups , respectively . Intraocular pressure increased by more than 10 mm Hg at any visit in 4 % , 18 % , and 33 % of eyes , respectively . Results in a subset of randomized subjects who completed the 3-year follow-up are consistent with previously published 2-year results and do not indicate a long-term benefit of intravitreal triamcinolone relative to focal/grid photocoagulation in patients with diabetic macular edema similar to those studied in this clinical trial . Most eyes receiving 4 mg of triamcinolone as given in this study are likely to require cataract surgery . clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT00367133 . Prospective , evaluator-masked , controlled , multicenter clinical trial . We included 196 eyes with refractory DME . Patients were randomized 2:1 to receive 0.59-mg FA implant -LRB- n = 127 -RRB- or standard of care -LRB- SOC additional laser or observation ; n = 69 -RRB- . The implant was inserted through a pars plana incision . Visits were scheduled on day 2 , weeks 1 , 3 , 6 , 12 , and 26 , and thereafter every 13 weeks through 3 years postimplantation . The primary efficacy outcome was ≥ 15-letter improvement in visual acuity -LRB- VA -RRB- at 6 months . Secondary outcomes included resolution of macular retinal thickening and Diabetic Retinopathy Severity Score -LRB- DRSS -RRB- . Safety measures included incidence of adverse events -LRB- AEs -RRB- . The number of implanted eyes with no evidence of retinal thickening at the center of the macula was higher than SOC eyes at 6 months -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- , 1 year -LRB- P < 0.0001 ; 72 % vs 22 % -RRB- , 2 years -LRB- P = 0.016 -RRB- , and 3 years -LRB- P = 0.861 -RRB- . A higher rate of improvement and lower rate of decline in DRSS occurred in the implanted group versus the SOC group at 6 months -LRB- P = 0.0006 -RRB- , 1 year -LRB- P = 0.0016 -RRB- , 2 years -LRB- P = 0.012 -RRB- , and 3 years -LRB- P = 0.0207 -RRB- . Intraocular pressure -LRB- IOP -RRB- ≥ 30 mmHg was recorded in 61.4 % of implanted eyes -LRB- SOC , 5.8 % -RRB- at any time and 33.8 % required surgery for ocular hypertension by 4 years . Of implanted phakic eyes , 91 % -LRB- SOC , 20 % -RRB- had cataract extraction by 4 years . The most common AEs included cataract progression and elevated IOP . The 0.59-mg FA intravitreal implant may be an effective treatment for eyes with persistent or recurrent DME . Proprietary or commercial disclosure may be found after the references .
Accurate patient information can assist clinicians with patient management and in allocating finite resources . However , systems currently in common use have limited predictive value in the clinical setting . The increasing availability of Electronic Health Records -LRB- EHR -RRB- provides an opportunity to use medical information for more accurate patient stability and mortality prediction in the ICU . Develop and evaluate an algorithm which more accurately predicts patient mortality in the ICU , using the correlations between widely available clinical variables from the EHR . We have developed an algorithm , <i> AutoTriage </i> , which uses eight common clinical variables from the EHR to assign patient mortality risk scores . Each clinical variable produces a subscore , and combinations of two or three discretized clinical variables also produce subscores . A combination of weighted subscores produces the overall score . We validated the performance of this algorithm in a retrospective study on the MIMIC III medical ICU dataset . Through the multidimensional analysis of the correlations between eight common clinical variables , <i> AutoTriage </i> provides an improvement in the specificity and sensitivity of patient mortality prediction over existing prediction methods . Several methods have been developed to electronically monitor patients for severe sepsis , but few provide predictive capabilities to enable early intervention ; furthermore , no severe sepsis prediction systems have been previously validated in a randomised study . We tested the use of a machine learning-based severe sepsis prediction system for reductions in average length of stay and in-hospital mortality rate . We conducted a randomised controlled clinical trial at two medical-surgical intensive care units at the University of California , San Francisco Medical Center , evaluating the primary outcome of average length of stay , and secondary outcome of in-hospital mortality rate from December 2016 to February 2017 . Adult patients -LRB- 18 + -RRB- admitted to participating units were eligible for this factorial , open-label study . Enrolled patients were assigned to a trial arm by a random allocation sequence . In the control group , only the current severe sepsis detector was used ; in the experimental group , the machine learning algorithm -LRB- MLA -RRB- was also used . On receiving an alert , the care team evaluated the patient and initiated the severe sepsis bundle , if appropriate . Although participants were randomly assigned to a trial arm , group assignments were automatically revealed for any patients who received MLA alerts . Outcomes from 75 patients in the control and 67 patients in the experimental group were analysed . Average length of stay decreased from 13.0 days in the control to 10.3 days in the experimental group -LRB- p = 0.042 -RRB- . In-hospital mortality decreased by 12.4 percentage points when using the MLA -LRB- p = 0.018 -RRB- , a relative reduction of 58.0 % . No adverse events were reported during this trial . The MLA was associated with improved patient outcomes . This is the first randomised controlled trial of a sepsis surveillance system to demonstrate statistically significant differences in length of stay and in-hospital mortality . NCT03015454 . We validate a machine learning-based sepsis-prediction algorithm -LRB- <i> InSight </i> -RRB- for the detection and prediction of three sepsis-related gold standards , using only six vital signs . We evaluate robustness to missing data , customisation to site-specific data using transfer learning and generalisability to new settings . A machine-learning algorithm with gradient tree boosting . Features for prediction were created from combinations of six vital sign measurements and their changes over time . A mixed-ward retrospective dataset from the University of California , San Francisco -LRB- UCSF -RRB- Medical Center -LRB- San Francisco , California , USA -RRB- as the primary source , an intensive care unit dataset from the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center -LRB- Boston , Massachusetts , USA -RRB- as a transfer-learning source and four additional institutions ' datasets to evaluate generalisability . 684443 total encounters , with 90353 encounters from June 2011 to March 2016 at UCSF . None . Area under the receiver operating characteristic -LRB- AUROC -RRB- curve for detection and prediction of sepsis , severe sepsis and septic shock . For detection of sepsis and severe sepsis , <i> InSight </i> achieves an AUROC curve of 0.92 -LRB- 95 % CI 0.90 to 0.93 -RRB- and 0.87 -LRB- 95 % CI 0.86 to 0.88 -RRB- , respectively . Four hours before onset , <i> InSight </i> predicts septic shock with an AUROC of 0.96 -LRB- 95 % CI 0.94 to 0.98 -RRB- and severe sepsis with an AUROC of 0.85 -LRB- 95 % CI 0.79 to 0.91 -RRB- . <i> InSight </i> outperforms existing sepsis scoring systems in identifying and predicting sepsis , severe sepsis and septic shock . This is the first sepsis screening system to exceed an AUROC of 0.90 using only vital sign inputs . <i> InSight </i> is robust to missing data , can be customised to novel hospital data using a small fraction of site data and retains strong discrimination across all institutions .
The secretory tissue of the eye , the ciliary processes , contains an enzyme receptor complex , composed of membrane proteins , the catalytic moiety of the enzyme adenylate cyclase , a guanyl nucleotide regulatory protein -LRB- or N protein -RRB- , and other features . The enzyme can be activated by well-known neurohumoral or humoral agents , catecholamines , glycoprotein hormones produced by the hypothalamic pituitary axis , and other related compounds , including placental gonadotropin , organic fluorides , and forskolin , a diterpene . These compounds cause the ciliary epithelia to produce cyclic AMP at an accelerated rate . Cyclic AMP , as a second messenger , causes , either directly or indirectly , a decrease in the net rate of aqueous humor inflow that may be modulated by cofactors . Clinical syndromes fit the experimental data so that an integrated explanation can be given for the reduced intraocular pressure witnessed under certain central nervous system and adrenergic influences . The molecular biology of this concept provides important leads for future investigations that bear directly both upon the regulation of intraocular pressure and upon glaucoma . Topical ocular application of forskolin , a diterpene that increases intracellular cyclic adenosine monophosphate by stimulating adenylate cyclase directly without cell surface mediation , lowered intraocular pressure -LRB- IOP -RRB- in rabbits , monkeys , and volunteers who were free from eye disease . In man 50 microliters of a topical suspension of 1 % forskolin significantly lowered IOP in 1 h , the effect reaching a peak at 2 h but remaining significant for at least 5 h. Outflow pressure fell by 70 % on average . The effects of multiple dosing with 0.5 % timolol maleate , 2 % epinephrine hydrochloride , 4 % pilocarpine hydrochloride , 1 % vanadate , 1 % forskolin -LRB- nonproprietary name , colforsin -RRB- , or 0.5 % prostaglandin F2 alpha on intraocular pressure -LRB- IOP -RRB- were each tested on eight cynomolgus monkey eyes in which glaucoma was induced by photocoagulating the trabecular meshwork with the argon laser . The week prior to drug therapy , baseline IOP measurements were carried out at hourly intervals from 9:30 am to 3:30 pm on three days . Each drug was applied topically to both eyes of each monkey twice daily for at least four days . The IOP was measured with a calibrated pneumatonometer at the same hourly intervals on treatment days as on the baseline days . The IOP at each time of day on treatment days was compared with the average baseline IOP measured at the corresponding time of day . Topical application of timolol , epinephrine , pilocarpine , vanadate , and prostaglandin F2 alpha significantly reduced IOP without evidence of tolerance or tachyphylaxis during the course of therapy . Forskolin did not significantly decrease IOP after the second day of treatment .
To examine the psychometric properties of the Children 's Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scales -LRB- CYBOCS -RRB- modified for pervasive developmental disorders -LRB- PDDs -RRB- . Raters from five Research Units on Pediatric Psychopharmacology -LRB- RUPP -RRB- Autism Network were trained to reliability . The modified scale -LRB- CYBOCS-PDD -RRB- , which contains only the five Compulsion severity items -LRB- range 0-20 -RRB- , was administered to 172 medication-free children -LRB- mean 8.2 + / - 2.6 years -RRB- with PDD -LRB- autistic disorder , n = 152 ; Asperger 's disorder , n = 6 ; PDD not otherwise specified , n = 14 -RRB- participating in RUPP clinical trials . Reliability was assessed by intraclass correlation coefficient -LRB- ICC -RRB- and internal consistency by Cronbach 's alpha coefficient . Correlations with ratings of repetitive behavior and disruptive behavior were examined for validity . Eleven raters showed excellent reliability -LRB- ICC = 0.97 -RRB- . The mean CYBOCS score was 14.4 -LRB- + / - 3.86 -RRB- with excellent internal consistency -LRB- alpha = .85 -RRB- . Correlations with other measures of repetitive behavior ranged from r = 0.11 to r = 0.28 and were similar to correlations with measures of irritability -LRB- r = 0.24 -RRB- and hyperactivity -LRB- r = 0.25 -RRB- . Children with higher scores on the CYBOCS-PDD had higher levels of maladaptive behaviors and lower adaptive functioning . The five-item CYBOCS-PDD is reliable , distinct from other measures of repetitive behavior , and sensitive to change . A common complaint for children with pervasive developmental disorder -LRB- PDD -RRB- is hyperactivity . The purpose of this pilot study was to gather preliminary information on the efficacy of guanfacine in children with PDD and hyperactivity . Children with PDD accompanied by hyperactivity entered the open-label trial if there was a recent history of failed treatment with methylphenidate or the child did not improve on methylphenidate in a multisite , placebo-controlled trial . Children -LRB- 23 boys and 2 girls -RRB- with a mean age of 9.03 -LRB- + / -3.14 -RRB- years entered the open-label trial . After 8 weeks of treatment , the parent-rated Hyperactivity subscale of the Aberrant Behavior Checklist -LRB- ABC -RRB- went from a mean of 31.3 -LRB- + / -8.89 -RRB- at baseline to 18.9 -LRB- + / -10.37 -RRB- -LRB- effect size = 1.4 ; p < 0.001 -RRB- . Twelve children -LRB- 48 % -RRB- were rated as Much Improved or Very Much Improved on the Clinical Global Impressions - Improvement . Doses ranged from 1.0 to 3.0 mg/day in two or three divided doses . Common adverse effects included irritability , sedation , sleep disturbance -LRB- insomnia or midsleep awakening -RRB- , and constipation . Irritability led to discontinuation in 3 subjects . Guanfacine may be useful for the treatment of hyperactivity in children with PDD . Placebo-controlled studies are needed to guide clinical practice . Methylphenidate has been shown elsewhere to improve hyperactivity in about half of treated children who have pervasive developmental disorders -LRB- PDD -RRB- and significant hyperactive-inattentive symptoms . We present secondary analyses to better define the scope of effects of methylphenidate on symptoms that define attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder -LRB- ADHD -RRB- and oppositional defiant disorder -LRB- ODD -RRB- , as well as the core autistic symptom domain of repetitive behavior . Sixty-six children -LRB- mean age 7.5 y -RRB- with autistic disorder , Asperger 's disorder , and PDD not otherwise specified , were randomized to varying sequences of placebo and three different doses of methylphenidate during a 4-week blinded , crossover study . Methylphenidate doses used approximated .125 , .25 , and .5 mg/kg per dose , twice daily , with an additional half-dose in the late afternoon . Outcome measures included the Swanson , Nolan , and Pelham Questionnaire revised for DSM-IV -LRB- ADHD and ODD scales -RRB- and the Children 's Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scales for PDD . Methylphenidate was associated with significant improvement that was most evident at the .25 - and .5-mg / kg doses . Hyperactivity and impulsivity improved more than inattention . There were not significant effects on ODD or stereotyped and repetitive behavior . Convergent evidence from different assessments and raters confirms methylphenidate 's efficacy in relieving ADHD symptoms in some children with PDD . Optimal dose analyses suggested significant interindividual variability in dose response . In addition to the core symptoms , children with Pervasive Developmental Disorders -LRB- PDD -RRB- often exhibit other problem behaviors such as aggression , hyperactivity , and anxiety , which can contribute to overall impairment and , therefore , become the focus of clinical attention . Limited data are available on the prevalence of anxiety in these children . We examined frequency and correlates of parent-rated anxiety symptoms in a large sample of children with PDD . The goals of this study were to examine the frequency and correlates of parent-rated anxiety symptoms in a sample of 171 medication-free children with PDD who participated in two NIH-funded medication trials . Twenty items of the Child and Adolescent Symptom Inventory -LRB- CASI -RRB- were used to measure anxiety . Forty three percent of the total sample met screening cut-off criteria for at least one anxiety disorder . Higher levels of anxiety on the 20-item CASI scale were associated with higher IQ , the presence of functional language use , and with higher levels of stereotyped behaviors . In children with higher IQ , anxiety was also associated with greater impairment in social reciprocity . Anxiety is common in PDD and warrants consideration in clinical evaluation and treatment planning . This study suggests that parent ratings could be a useful source of information about anxiety symptoms in this population . Some anxiety symptoms such as phobic and social anxiety may be closer to core symptoms of PDD . Further efforts to validate tools to ascertain anxiety are needed , as are studies to empirically test approaches to treat anxiety in PDD .
Glaucoma , once thought as a single disease , is actually a group of diseases of the optic nerve involving loss of retinal ganglion cells . The process of cell death occurs in a characteristic pattern of optic neuropathy , a broad term for a certain pattern of damage to the optic nerve -LRB- the bundle of nerve fibers that carries information from the eye to the brain -RRB- . Untreated glaucoma leads to permanent damage of the optic nerve and resultant visual field loss , which can progress to blindness . Worldwide , it is estimated that about 66.8 million people have visual impairment as a result of glaucoma , with 6.7 million suffering from blindness . We assessed the relationship among intraocular pressure -LRB- IOP -RRB- , histology , and retinal function changes in a mouse model of induced , chronic , mild ocular hypertension . IOP was elevated experimentally via anterior chamber injection of polystyrene beads and measured twice weekly with a rebound tonometer . Histology was assessed with a combination of neurobiotin -LRB- NB -RRB- retrograde labeling of retinal ganglion cells -LRB- RGCs -RRB- and TO-PRO3 staining . Retinal function was assessed with serial dark-adapted electroretinograms -LRB- ERGs -RRB- optimized for detection of the a-wave , b-wave , and positive and negative scotopic threshold responses -LRB- pSTR , nSTR -RRB- . Comparisons between bead-injected and saline-injected -LRB- control -RRB- eyes were conducted . IOP remained elevated for at least 3 months following a single injection of polystyrene beads . Elevated IOP resulted in a mild , progressive reduction of RGCs , and a mild increase in axial length at 6 and 12 weeks after bead injection . The raw b-wave amplitude was increased shortly after IOP elevation , but the raw a-wave , pSTR , and nSTR amplitudes were unchanged . pSTR and nSTR amplitudes were normalized to the increased b-wave . With this normalization , the pSTR amplitude was decreased shortly after IOP elevation . It is possible that glaucoma associated with elevated IOP involves the early disruption of a complex combination of retinal synapses . Dendrite pathology and synapse disassembly are critical features of chronic neurodegenerative diseases . In spite of this , the capacity of injured neurons to regenerate dendrites has been largely ignored . Here , we show that , upon axonal injury , retinal ganglion cells undergo rapid dendritic retraction and massive synapse loss that preceded neuronal death . Human recombinant insulin , administered as eye drops or systemically after dendritic arbour shrinkage and prior to cell loss , promoted robust regeneration of dendrites and successful reconnection with presynaptic targets . Insulin-mediated regeneration of excitatory postsynaptic sites on retinal ganglion cell dendritic processes increased neuronal survival and rescued light-triggered retinal responses . Further , we show that axotomy-induced dendrite retraction triggered substantial loss of the mammalian target of rapamycin -LRB- mTOR -RRB- activity exclusively in retinal ganglion cells , and that insulin fully reversed this response . Targeted loss-of-function experiments revealed that insulin-dependent activation of mTOR complex 1 -LRB- mTORC1 -RRB- is required for new dendritic branching to restore arbour complexity , while complex 2 -LRB- mTORC2 -RRB- drives dendritic process extension thus re-establishing field area . Our findings demonstrate that neurons in the mammalian central nervous system have the intrinsic capacity to regenerate dendrites and synapses after injury , and provide a strong rationale for the use of insulin and/or its analogues as pro-regenerative therapeutics for intractable neurodegenerative diseases including glaucoma . To report the clinical course of 6 patients with refractory neurotrophic corneal ulcers that were treated with topical insulin drops . Retrospective chart review of patients who had neurotrophic corneal ulcers or epithelial defects refractory to standard medical and surgical treatment . Six patients , aged 2 to 73 years , developed neurotrophic corneal ulcers refractory to a range of medical and surgical treatments , including bandage contact lens , amniotic membrane grafting , and permanent tarsorrhaphy . Each patient was administered topical insulin drops with complete corneal reepithelialization within 7 to 25 days . Topical insulin may be a simple and effective treatment for refractory neurotrophic corneal ulcers . Further study is required to determine the clinical efficacy and side effect profile of insulin drops . To determine the effect of topical insulin of 3 concentrations -LSB- 0.5 , 1 , and 2 units per drop 4 times per day -LRB- QID -RRB- -RSB- on postoperative corneal epithelial wound healing in diabetic patients . A double blind randomized controlled hospital-based study involving diabetic patients with postoperative corneal epithelial defect after vitreoretinal surgery . Diabetic patients were randomized to 3 different concentrations of topical insulin -LRB- DTI 0.5 , DTI 1 , and DTI 2 -RRB- or placebo in the control group -LRB- DNS -RRB- . Primary outcome measure was the rate of corneal epithelial wound healing -LRB- mm ² per hour -RRB- over pre-set interval and time from baseline to minimum size of epithelial defect on fluorescein stained anterior segment digital camera photography . Secondary outcome measure was any adverse effect of topical insulin . Follow-up was 1 month . Thirty-two eyes of 32 patients undergoing intraoperative corneal debridement with resultant epithelial defect -LRB- 8 eyes per group -RRB- were analyzed . DTI 0.5 was superior to other concentrations achieving 100 % healing rate within 72 hours of treatment compared with 62.5 % in DNS , 75 % in DTI 1 , and 62.5 % in DTI 2 . Statistically , DTI 0.5 achieved significant results -LRB- P = 0.036 -RRB- compared with the diabetic control group -LRB- DNS -RRB- in terms of mean rate of corneal epithelial wound healing from maximum to minimum defect size . No adverse effect of topical insulin was reported . Topical insulin 0.5 units QID is most effective for healing corneal epithelial defect in diabetic patients after vitrectomy surgery compared with placebo and higher concentrations . Topical insulin is safe for human ocular usage . To investigate whether topical insulin improves
To estimate the efficacy of paracervical block compared with saline for pain relief during office hysteroscopic sterilization . This study was a randomized , placebo-controlled study of women desiring hysteroscopic sterilization . A paracervical block of 1 % lidocaine or normal saline was administered before office hysteroscopic sterilization . Patients and investigators were blinded to assignments . A pre hoc power analysis determined that 40 women would be required per arm to detect a difference of 0.9 cm on a visual analog scale . Pain was recorded on a visual analog scale at multiple procedure time points . Individualized standardized pain scores were constructed by weighted reporting of objective and subjective sensation . Thirty-seven -LRB- 93 % -RRB- in each group had successful placement . The lidocaine group showed significantly lower pain scores for tenaculum placement -LRB- mean + / - standard deviation : 0.97 + / -1.28 compared with 3.00 + / -2.41 , P < .001 -RRB- traversing the external cervical os -LRB- 1.46 + / -1.71 compared with 3.77 + / -2.68 , P < .001 -RRB- and internal os -LRB- 1.79 + / -2.11 compared with 4.10 + / -2.77 , P < .001 -RRB- . Multivariable linear regression analysis demonstrated a relationship of pain to procedural time -LRB- P = .047 -RRB- and to group assignment -LRB- P < .01 -RRB- . Paracervical block with 1 % lidocaine provides effective pain relief for cervical manipulations during office hysteroscopic sterilization , but does not reduce the pain associated with upper uterine/tubal manipulation when placing the devices . ClinicalTrials.gov , www.clinicaltrials.gov , NCT00811187 . I.
Dysregulation of microRNA -LRB- miRNA -RRB- metabolism has been observed in a variety of human cancers . In this pilot study , we investigated expression profiles of the two most important enzymes of the miRNA machinery , Drosha and Dicer , in relation to epithelial skin cancer and its premalignant stage . Patients with premalignant actinic keratoses -LRB- AK , n = 6 -RRB- , basal cell carcinomas -LRB- BCC , n = 15 -RRB- , and squamous cell carcinomas -LRB- SCC , n = 7 -RRB- were included in the study . Punch biopsies were harvested from the center of the tumors -LRB- lesional -RRB- as well as from sites of healthy skin -LRB- intraindividual controls -RRB- . Skin samples -LRB- n = 14 -RRB- were also obtained from healthy subjects for additional controls . Dicer and Drosha mRNA levels were detected by quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction . Drosha expression levels were significantly upregulated in both the BCC and SCC groups compared to those in the healthy controls -LRB- p < .01 -RRB- , while Dicer expression levels in the BCC group were significantly lower -LRB- p < .05 -RRB- . We observed dysregulation of Drosha and Dicer expression in epithelial tumors when compared to healthy control samples .
On behalf of the Gynecologic Oncology Group , we performed a randomized trial of radiotherapy in combination with three concurrent chemotherapy regimens -- cisplatin alone ; cisplatin , fluorouracil , and hydroxyurea ; and hydroxyurea alone -- in patients with locally advanced cervical cancer . Women with primary untreated invasive squamous-cell carcinoma , adenosquamous carcinoma , or adenocarcinoma of the cervix of stage IIB , III , or IVA , without involvement of the para-aortic lymph nodes , were enrolled . The patients had to have a leukocyte count of at least 3000 per cubic millimeter , a platelet count of at least 100,000 per cubic millimeter , a serum creatinine level no higher than 2 mg per deciliter -LRB- 177 micromol per liter -RRB- , and adequate hepatic function . All patients received external-beam radiotherapy according to a strict protocol . Patients were randomly assigned to receive one of three chemotherapy regimens : 40 mg of cisplatin per square meter of body-surface area per week for six weeks -LRB- group 1 -RRB- ; 50 mg of cisplatin per square meter on days 1 and 29 , followed by 4 g of fluorouracil per square meter given as a 96-hour infusion on days 1 and 29 , and 2 g of oral hydroxyurea per square meter twice weekly for six weeks -LRB- group 2 -RRB- ; or 3 g of oral hydroxyurea per square meter twice weekly for six weeks -LRB- group 3 -RRB- . The analysis included 526 women . The median duration of follow-up was 35 months . Both groups that received cisplatin had a higher rate of progression-free survival than the group that received hydroxyurea alone -LRB- P < 0.001 for both comparisons -RRB- . The relative risks of progression of disease or death were 0.57 -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 0.42 to 0.78 -RRB- in group 1 and 0.55 -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 0.40 to 0.75 -RRB- in group 2 , as compared with group 3 . The overall survival rate was significantly higher in groups 1 and 2 than in group 3 , with relative risks of death of 0.61 -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 0.44 to 0.85 -RRB- and 0.58 -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 0.41 to 0.81 -RRB- , respectively . Regimens of radiotherapy and chemotherapy that contain cisplatin improve the rates of survival and progression-free survival among women with locally advanced cervical cancer . The objectives were to determine the acute toxicities of concurrent carboplatin and radiation therapy in the primary treatment of cervix cancer and to ascertain the antitumor activity of this regimen . Patients with stage IB-1 to IVA untreated primary cervix cancers were eligible for enrollment into this study . Carboplatin was administered on a weekly basis with external radiation therapy -LRB- ERT -RRB- . Low-dose brachytherapy was given after completion of ERT . Acute toxicities and response to treatment were assessed . Thirty-one evaluable patients were enrolled . The majority of patients had early stage disease . Carboplatin was successfully administered in 175 out of 186 -LRB- 94 % -RRB- planned treatments . All patients completed the prescribed course of radiation therapy . The mean treatment time was 50 days -LRB- 36-73 -RRB- . There were no treatment delays for neutropenia or gastrointestinal toxicity . No patient was hospitalized for treatment related toxicities . Gastrointestinal toxicity equivalent to grade 3 or 4 was not reported . The objective tumor response based on physical exam findings and computed tomography measurements was 90 % . Patients with cervix cancer can be treated on schedule with concurrent carboplatin and pelvic radiation therapy . This regimen is well tolerated and produces excellent response rates . Introduced into clinical usage in 1992 as a platinum analogue with a distinctively different toxicity profile from cisplatin , carboplatin has become a commonly preferred agent over cisplatin . The comparative therapeutic efficacy of the two agents remains controversial however , prompting an analysis of the phase III trials in ovarian cancer and other tumors in which the two were compared . Clinical trials comparing carboplatin with cisplatin , both as single agents and in combination with other agents , were analyzed within the tumors for which platinum has become a standard or commonly employed agent . A Medline search identifying the randomized trials and references from these reports were collated for analysis . The original clinical comparative trials as well as literature reviews and commentaries were reviewed . Five solid tumors were identified within which comparative trials had been conducted : ovary , 10 trials ; lung , 2 trials ; head and neck , 2 trials ; germ cell tumors , 3 trials and 1 trial in bladder cancer . Depending upon the end point selected , cisplatin was superior or equivalent to carboplatin in therapeutic efficacy in all five tumors but was associated with an increased toxicity profile for gastrointestinal , renal and neurologic effects . For some tumors , cisplatin appears to be superior to carboplatin in terms of therapeutic effectiveness -LRB- germ cell tumors , bladder cancer , head and neck cancer -RRB- , while for others , effectiveness is comparable -LRB- lung cancer , ovarian cancer -RRB- . Toxicity profiles are distinctly different for the two analogues however , generally favoring carboplatin . The issue of potential carboplatin underdosing related to the lack of physiologic dose calculations -LRB- utilizing the AUC -LSB- area under the curve -RSB- method -RRB- in the comparative trials of cis - versus carboplatin is probably not clinically important since a dose response effect has not been established for carboplatin or for cisplatin . The selection of the optimal platinum analogue to be employed is dependent on the type of tumor , the treatment intention -LRB- palliative vs. curative -RRB- and the other component drugs being used in combination . The purpose of this work was to review current knowledge pertaining to angiogenesis in malignancies of the female genital tract . We
It is believed that compliance with all 3 components of perioperative antimicrobial prophylaxis , ie , timing , choice , and duration , yields greater reduction in surgical site infections -LRB- SSI -RRB- . An observational study was performed among patients in the surgical care improvement project at a tertiary public academic hospital in the United States . The rates of SSI among patients who received appropriate antimicrobial agent -LRB- s -RRB- per current guidelines were compared with patients who did not . Medical record review was performed to compare the clinical characteristics of patients with SSI -LRB- cases -RRB- and an equal number of patients without SSI -LRB- matched controls -RRB- . From January 2008 to June 2009 , 762 patients underwent 763 eligible surgical procedures . Forty-seven -LRB- 6.2 % -RRB- developed SSI . The rate of SSI in patients who received appropriate antimicrobial prophylaxis per guidelines was not different from those who did not -LRB- 42/611 , 6.9 % vs 5/152 , 3.3 % , respectively ; P value = .13 -RRB- . Patients with SSI were more likely to have an elevated body mass index -LRB- median and interquartile range in cases : 28.7 -LSB- 27.0-34.9 -RSB- vs 25.0 -LSB- 22.4-30.4 -RSB- in controls ; P value = .02 -RRB- and more likely to have diabetes -LRB- 36 % vs 9 % , respectively ; odds ratio , 5.71 ; 95 % confidence interval : 1.43-22.8 ; P value = .02 -RRB- . Compliance with timing , choice , and duration of antimicrobial prophylaxis as a whole did not lead to lower SSI . Elevated body mass index and diabetes were associated with a higher rate of SSI . The objective of this study was to evaluate whether the Surgical Care Improvement Project -LRB- SCIP -RRB- improved surgical site infection -LRB- SSI -RRB- rates using national data at the patient level for both SCIP adherence and SSI occurrence . The SCIP was established in 2006 with the goal of reducing surgical complications by 25 % in 2010 . National Veterans ' Affairs -LRB- VA -RRB- data from 2005 to 2009 on adherence to 5 SCIP SSI prevention measures were linked to Veterans ' Affairs Surgical Quality Improvement Program SSI outcome data . Effect of SCIP adherence and year of surgery on SSI outcome were assessed with logistic regression using generalized estimating equations , adjusting for procedure type and variables known to predict SSI . Correlation between hospital SCIP adherence and SSI rate was assessed using linear regression . There were 60,853 surgeries at 112 VA hospitals analyzed . SCIP adherence ranged from 75 % for normothermia to 99 % for hair removal and all significantly improved over the study period -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Surgical site infection occurred after 6.2 % of surgeries -LRB- 1.6 % for orthopedic surgeries to 11.3 % for colorectal surgeries -RRB- . None of the 5 SCIP measures were significantly associated with lower odds of SSI after adjusting for variables known to predict SSI and procedure type . Year was not associated with SSI -LRB- P = 0.71 -RRB- . Hospital SCIP performance was not correlated with hospital SSI rates -LRB- r = -0.06 , P = 0.54 -RRB- . Adherence to SCIP measures improved whereas risk-adjusted SSI rates remained stable . SCIP adherence was neither associated with a lower SSI rate at the patient level , nor associated with hospital SSI rates . Policies regarding continued SCIP measurement and reporting should be reassessed . The Surgical Care Improvement Project -LRB- SCIP -RRB- aims to reduce surgical infectious complication rates through measurement and reporting of 6 infection-prevention process-of-care measures . However , an association between SCIP performance and clinical outcomes has not been demonstrated . To examine the relationship between SCIP infection-prevention process-of-care measures and postoperative infection rates . A retrospective cohort study , using Premier Inc 's Perspective Database for discharges between July 1 , 2006 and March 31 , 2008 , of 405 720 patients -LRB- 69 % white and 11 % black ; 46 % Medicare patients ; and 68 % elective surgical cases -RRB- from 398 hospitals in the United States for whom SCIP performance was recorded and submitted for public report on the Hospital Compare Web site . Three original infection-prevention measures -LRB- S-INF-Core -RRB- and all 6 infection-prevention measures -LRB- S-INF -RRB- were aggregated into 2 separate all-or-none composite scores . Hierarchical logistical models were used to assess process-of-care relationships at the patient level while accounting for hospital characteristics . The ability of reported adherence to SCIP infection-prevention process-of-care measures -LRB- using the 2 composite scores of S-INF and S-INF-Core -RRB- to predict postoperative infections . There were 3996 documented postoperative infections . The S-INF composite process-of-care measure predicted a decrease in postoperative infection rates from 14.2 to 6.8 per 1000 discharges -LRB- adjusted odds ratio , 0.85 ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.76-0.95 -RRB- . The S-INF-Core composite process-of-care measure predicted a decrease in postoperative infection rates from 11.5 to 5.3 per 1000 discharges -LRB- adjusted odds ratio , 0.86 ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.74-1.01 -RRB- , which was not a statistically significantly lower probability of infection . None of the individual SCIP measures were significantly associated with a lower probability of infection . Among hospitals in the Premier Inc Perspective Database reporting SCIP performance , adherence measured through a global all-or-none composite infection-prevention score was associated with a lower probability of developing a postoperative infection . However , adherence reported on individual SCIP measures , which is the only form in which performance is publicly reported , was not associated with a significantly lower probability of infection . Cefazolin -LRB- 1-2 g bolus at induction possibly repeated after cardiopulmonary bypass -RRB- remains the standard for antibiotic prophylaxis in cardiac surgery . Data indicate , however , that it is underdosed with this dosing schedule . A prospective , randomized study comparing intermittent versus loading dose plus continuous infusion
Platelet concentrates for surgical topical applications are nowadays often used , but quantification of the long-term growth factor release from these preparations in most cases is impossible . Indeed , in most protocols , platelets are massively activated and there is no significant fibrin matrix to support growth factor release and cell migration . Choukroun 's platelet-rich fibrin -LRB- PRF -RRB- , a second generation platelet concentrate , is a leucocyte - and platelet-rich fibrin biomaterial . Here , we show that this dense fibrin membrane releases high quantities of three main growth factors -LRB- Transforming Growth Factor b-1 -LRB- TGFbeta-1 -RRB- , platelet derived growth factor AB , PDGF-AB ; vascular endothelial growth factor , VEGF -RRB- and an important coagulation matricellular glycoprotein -LRB- thrombospondin-1 , TSP-1 -RRB- during 7 days . Moreover , the comparison between the final released amounts and the initial content of the membrane -LRB- after forcible extraction -RRB- allows us to consider that the leucocytes trapped in the fibrin matrix continue to produce high quantities of TGFbeta-1 and VEGF during the whole experimental time . Platelet concentrates for surgical use are tools of regenerative medicine designed for the local release of platelet growth factors into a surgical or wounded site , in order to stimulate tissue healing or regeneration . Leukocyte content and fibrin architecture are 2 key characteristics of all platelet concentrates and allow to classify these technologies in 4 families , but very little is known about the impact of these 2 parameters on the intrinsic biology of these products . In this demonstration , we highlight some outstanding differences in the growth factor and matrix protein release between 2 families of platelet concentrate : Pure Platelet-Rich Plasma -LRB- P-PRP , here the Anitua 's PRGF - Preparation Rich in Growth Factors - technique -RRB- and Leukocyte - and Platelet-Rich Fibrin -LRB- L-PRF , here the Choukroun 's method -RRB- . These 2 families are the extreme opposites in terms of fibrin architecture and leukocyte content . The slow release of 3 key growth factors -LRB- Transforming Growth Factor β1 -LRB- TGFβ1 -RRB- , Platelet-Derived Growth Factor AB -LRB- PDGF-AB -RRB- and Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor -LRB- VEGF -RRB- -RRB- and matrix proteins -LRB- fibronectin , vitronectin and thrombospondin-1 -RRB- from the L-PRF and P-PRP gel membranes in culture medium is described and discussed . During 7 days , the L-PRF membranes slowly release significantly larger amounts of all these molecules than the P-PRP gel membranes , and the 2 products display different release patterns . In both platelet concentrates , vitronectin is the sole molecule to be released almost completely after only 4 hours , suggesting that this molecule is not trapped in the fibrin matrix and not produced by the leukocytes . Moreover the P-PRP gel membranes completely dissolve in the culture medium after less than 5 days only , while the L-PRF membranes are still intact after 7 days . This simple demonstration shows that the polymerization and final architecture of the fibrin matrix considerably influence the strength and the growth factor trapping/release potential of the membrane . Finally , the various platelet concentrates present very different biological characteristics , and an accurate definition and characterization of the different families of product is a key issue for a better understanding and comparison of the reported clinical effects of these surgical adjuvants . The objective of this study was to evaluate the clinical effectiveness of platelet-rich fibrin -LRB- PRF -RRB- membrane used in combination with a modified coronally advanced flap -LRB- MCAF -RRB- and to compare it with the use of a subepithelial connective tissue graft -LRB- SCTG -RRB- in combination with a MCAF in treatment of Miller Class I and II bilateral multiple gingival recessions . A total of 60 defects received either PRF + MCAF -LRB- test group , n = 30 -RRB- or MCAF with SCTG -LRB- control group , n = 30 -RRB- . Gingival recession depth -LRB- RD -RRB- , keratinized tissue width -LRB- KTW -RRB- , probing depth -LRB- PD -RRB- , clinical attachment level -LRB- CAL -RRB- , and gingival thickness -LRB- GT -RRB- were evaluated at baseline and after 6 months . Patients ' discomfort postsurgery was measured by comparing visual analog scale scores . The percentage of root coverage was 84 % in the control group and 77.12 % in the test group -LRB- P = .007 -RRB- . Complete root coverage of the control and test groups was 60 % and 50 % , respectively -LRB- P = .112 -RRB- . KTW and GT increased in both groups from baseline to 6 months -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . At 6 months postoperative , KTW was greater in the control group -LRB- P = .024 -RRB- and GT was higher in the test group -LRB- P = .005 -RRB- . Use of a PRF membrane in gingival recession treatment decreased postoperative discomfort compared to SCTG-treated gingival recessions -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . Within the limitations of the present study , it was concluded that localized gingival recessions could be successfully treated with MCAF + PRF as well as MCAF + SCTG . The PRF technique has the bonus advantage of being more comfortable during the postoperative period . The author suggests that the use of PRF is a valid alternative to SCTG for the treatment of localized gingival recessions . Platelet-rich fibrin -LRB- PRF -RRB- belongs to a new generation of platelet concentrates , with simplified processing and without biochemical blood handling . In this second article , we investigate the platelet-associated features of this biomaterial . During PRF processing by centrifugation , platelets are activated and their massive degranulation implies a very significant cytokine release . Concentrated platelet-rich plasma platelet cytokines have already been quantified in many technologic configurations . To carry out a comparative study , we therefore undertook to quantify PDGF-BB , TGFbeta-1 , and IGF-I within PPP -LRB- platelet-poor plasma -RRB- supernatant and PRF clot
General population data from the National Comorbidity Survey are presented on co-occurring DSM-III-R addictive and mental disorders . Co-occurrence is highly prevalent in the general population and usually due to the association of a primary mental disorder with a secondary addictive disorder . It is associated with a significantly increased probability of treatment , although the finding that fewer than half of cases with 12-month co-occurrence received any treatment in the year prior to interview suggests the need for greater outreach efforts . 3,258 randomly selected adult household residents of Edmonton were interviewed by trained lay interviewers using the Diagnostic Interview Schedule -LRB- DIS -RRB- . Six-month prevalence figures for DIS/DSM III diagnoses are given , and selected figures for the one-month and one-year prevalence , and the one-year symptom-free rates . The six-month prevalence for any diagnosis is 17.1 % , comparable to findings from other population studies using DSM III derived diagnoses , but lower than studies using the PSE . The prevalence rates for most disorders tended to be lowest in the elderly , but this was not as marked as the drop in lifetime prevalence . Men had higher prevalence for substance use disorders than women , but women had higher rates for affective disorders and anxiety/somatoform disorders . Prevalences for all disorders were either similar or lower in those who were married or living as though married , than in those who were not cohabiting . One-year symptom-free rates were highest for those with substance use disorders and lowest for those with anxiety/somatoform disorders - largely due to the persistence of phobias . This paper reports results for panic disorder . Panic disorder was found to affect women primarily -LRB- female : male morbidity risk 2.2:1 -RRB- . The mean age of onset -LRB- first symptom -RRB- was 19.3 years for men and 21.5 years for women . Rarely did symptoms first occur after the age of forty . The lifetime prevalence rate was 1.7 % for women and 0.8 % for men and the lifetime morbidity risk was 3.7 % for females and 1.7 % for males . All twelve panic symptoms were found to be highly specific for panic disorder . Women complained of more -LRB- means = 8.0 -RRB- symptoms than men -LRB- means = 6.0 -RRB- . On average 7.3 symptoms were reported . Altogether , 90.4 % of those with panic disorder also met criteria for another DSM-III diagnosis , which was 2.7 times the rate in those who did not have panic disorder . Using a nationally representative sample , this study examines the disease-specific impairments of DSM-IV generalized anxiety disorder -LRB- GAD -RRB- by comparing them to the impairments associated with major depressive disorder -LRB- MDD -RRB- . Results are based on 4181 respondents between the ages of 18-65 years who were interviewed with the 12-month version of the Munich-Composite International Diagnostic Interview as part of the German National Health Interview and Examination Survey-Mental Health Supplement -LRB- GHS -RRB- . After controlling for age , gender , and other psychopathology , ` pure ' current GAD without MDD -LRB- n = 33 -RRB- , pure MDD -LRB- n = 344 -RRB- and comorbid GAD and MDD -LRB- n = 40 -RRB- were each associated with high impairment as defined by poor self-perceived health , at least 3 days limited or impaired in the past month , and low quality of life scores -LSB- from the Short Form-36 Health Survey -LRB- SF-36 -RRB- -RSB- . Quality of life scores on several of the SF-36 scales were significantly lower for respondents with pure GAD as compared to respondents with pure MDD . Overall , the results show that DSM-IV GAD is associated with high impairment even after controlling for other psychopathology . The impairment outcomes for GAD were comparable in size to those for MDD . These findings underline the significance of this disorder from a clinical and social perspective and provide support for the independent diagnostic status of GAD . Generalized anxiety disorder -LRB- GAD -RRB- is common in community and clinical settings . The associated individual and societal burden is substantial , but many of those who could benefit from treatment are not recognized or treated . This paper reviews the pharmacological treatment of GAD , based on findings of randomized placebo-controlled studies . Particular attention is paid to response rates to acute treatment , treatment tolerability , prediction of response , duration of treatment , and further management of patients who do not respond to initial treatment approaches . On the basis of their proven efficacy and reasonable tolerability in randomized placebo-controlled trials , recent evidence-based guidelines for pharmacological management have recommended initial treatment with either a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor or a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor , although there is also good evidence for the efficacy of pregabalin and quetiapine . It is difficult to predict reliably which patients will respond well to pharmacological treatment , but response to antidepressants is unlikely if there is no evidence of an onset of effect within 4 wk . The small number of placebo-controlled relapse-prevention studies causes uncertainty about the optimal duration of treatment after a satisfactory initial response , but continuing treatment for at least 12 months is recommended . Anecdotal and published case reports suggest that some patients taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors -LRB- SSRI -RRB- experience diminution in emotional responsiveness . This study aims to define the individual components of emotion disturbed in these patients . Fifteen patients reporting SSRI-induced sexual dysfunction completed the Laukes Emotional Intensity Scale -LRB- LEIS -RRB- , a questionnaire about various emotions . Compared to controls , patients reported significantly -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- less ability to cry , irritation , care about others ' feelings , sadness , erotic dreaming , creativity , surprise , anger , expression of their feelings , worry over things or situations , sexual pleasure , and interest in sex . Total score on the
Among the hormonal changes , there is an increase in cortisol -LRB- humans -RRB- and corticosterone -LRB- rats -RRB- secretion , and a reduction in testosterone and Insulin-like Growth Factor 1 , favoring the establishment of a highly proteolytic environment . The older antiepileptic drugs -LRB- AEDs -RRB- have a variety of effects on sleep , including marked reduction in rapid-eye-movement -LRB- REM -RRB- sleep , slow-wave sleep -LRB- SWS -RRB- , and sleep latency , and an increase in light sleep . The effects of the newer AEDs on sleep are unknown . Our purpose was to study the effect of gabapentin -LRB- GBP -RRB- on sleep . Ten healthy adults and nine controls were the subjects of this study . All underwent baseline and follow-up polysomnography -LRB- PSG -RRB- and completed sleep questionnaires . After baseline , the treated group received GBP titrated to 1,800 mg daily . Polygraphic variables and Epworth Sleepiness Scale -LRB- ESS -RRB- scores , a subjective measure of sleep propensity , were compared by using the Wilcoxon signed rank test . Nine of the treated subjects achieved the target dose ; one was studied with 1,500 mg daily because of dizziness experienced at the higher dose . No difference in the ESS or other polygraphic variables was observed . However , a minor reduction in arousals , awakenings , and stage shifts was observed in treated subjects . GBP appears to be less disruptive to sleep than are some of the older AEDs . These findings may underlie the drug 's therapeutic effect in the treatment of disorders associated with sleep disruption .
Drotrecogin alfa -LRB- activated -RRB- , or recombinant human activated protein C , has antithrombotic , antiinflammatory , and profibrinolytic properties . In a previous study , drotrecogin alfa activated produced dose-dependent reductions in the levels of markers of coagulation and inflammation in patients with severe sepsis . In this phase 3 trial , we assessed whether treatment with drotrecogin alfa activated reduced the rate of death from any cause among patients with severe sepsis . We conducted a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , multicenter trial . Patients with systemic inflammation and organ failure due to acute infection were enrolled and assigned to receive an intravenous infusion of either placebo or drotrecogin alfa activated -LRB- 24 microg per kilogram of body weight per hour -RRB- for a total duration of 96 hours . The prospectively defined primary end point was death from any cause and was assessed 28 days after the start of the infusion . Patients were monitored for adverse events ; changes in vital signs , laboratory variables , and the results of microbiologic cultures ; and the development of neutralizing antibodies against activated protein C . A total of 1690 randomized patients were treated -LRB- 840 in the placebo group and 850 in the drotrecogin alfa activated group -RRB- . The mortality rate was 30.8 percent in the placebo group and 24.7 percent in the drotrecogin alfa activated group . On the basis of the prospectively defined primary analysis , treatment with drotrecogin alfa activated was associated with a reduction in the relative risk of death of 19.4 percent -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 6.6 to 30.5 -RRB- and an absolute reduction in the risk of death of 6.1 percent -LRB- P = 0.005 -RRB- . The incidence of serious bleeding was higher in the drotrecogin alfa activated group than in the placebo group -LRB- 3.5 percent vs. 2.0 percent , P = 0.06 -RRB- . Treatment with drotrecogin alfa activated significantly reduces mortality in patients with severe sepsis and may be associated with an increased risk of bleeding . Patients with acute lung injury and the acute respiratory distress syndrome were enrolled in a multicenter , randomized trial . The trial compared traditional ventilation treatment , which involved an initial tidal volume of 12 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight and an airway pressure measured after a 0.5-second pause at the end of inspiration -LRB- plateau pressure -RRB- of 50 cm of water or less , with ventilation with a lower tidal volume , which involved an initial tidal volume of 6 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight and a plateau pressure of 30 cm of water or less . The trial was stopped after the enrollment of 861 patients because mortality was lower in the group treated with lower tidal volumes than in the group treated with traditional tidal volumes -LRB- 31.0 percent vs. 39.8 percent , P = 0.007 -RRB- , and the number of days without ventilator use during the first 28 days after randomization was greater in this group -LRB- mean -LSB- + / - SD -RSB- , 12 + / -11 vs. 10 + / -11 ; P = 0.007 -RRB- . The mean tidal volumes on days 1 to 3 were 6.2 + / -0.8 and 11.8 + / -0.8 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- , respectively , and the mean plateau pressures were 25 + / -6 and 33 + / -8 cm of water -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- , respectively .
This phase I/II trial was conducted to determine the toxicities , recommended dose , pharmacokinetics , and response rate of erlotinib plus trastuzumab in metastatic HER2 + breast cancer . In phase I , sequential groups of patients with unlimited previous treatment received erlotinib at dose levels of 50 , 100 , and 150 mg plus standard dose weekly trastuzumab . In phase II , only patients with no previous chemotherapy or trastuzumab in the metastatic setting were allowed . The combination was well tolerated among the 16 patients enrolled in phase I , and the recommended phase II dose of erlotinib was initially set at 150 mg . After an interim review of the first 8 patients in phase II revealed a higher incidence of rash and diarrhea than expected from the phase I experience , the protocol was amended to treat new phase II patients at erlotinib 100 mg , with the opportunity to escalate to 150 mg after 3 weeks , based on individual patient tolerability . No pharmacokinetic interaction between the 2 agents was observed . The combination of erlotinib and trastuzumab was well tolerated when the dose of erlotinib was tailored to individual patient experience , and there was preliminary evidence of anticancer activity .
High-throughput sequencing technologies , such as the Illumina Genome Analyzer , are powerful new tools for investigating a wide range of biological and medical questions . Statistical and computational methods are key for drawing meaningful and accurate conclusions from the massive and complex datasets generated by the sequencers . We provide a detailed evaluation of statistical methods for normalization and differential expression -LRB- DE -RRB- analysis of Illumina transcriptome sequencing -LRB- mRNA-Seq -RRB- data . We compare statistical methods for detecting genes that are significantly DE between two types of biological samples and find that there are substantial differences in how the test statistics handle low-count genes . We evaluate how DE results are affected by features of the sequencing platform , such as , varying gene lengths , base-calling calibration method -LRB- with and without phi X control lane -RRB- , and flow-cell/library preparation effects . We investigate the impact of the read count normalization method on DE results and show that the standard approach of scaling by total lane counts -LRB- e.g. , RPKM -RRB- can bias estimates of DE . Our results have significant practical and methodological implications for the design and analysis of mRNA-Seq experiments . They highlight the importance of appropriate statistical methods for normalization and DE inference , to account for features of the sequencing platform that could impact the accuracy of results . They also reveal the need for further research in the development of statistical and computational methods for mRNA-Seq . It is a chronic , debilitating disorder and a considerable public health problem in at least 10 countries in tropical Africa , Central America and northern India . Only a small proportion of individuals exposed to red clay develop disease and familial clustering of cases occurs , so we tested the hypothesis that disease occurs in genetically susceptible individuals on exposure to an environmental element in soil . Using multiple statistical genetic techniques we estimated sibling recurrence risk ratio -LRB- lambda -LRB- s -RRB- -RRB- and heritability for podoconiosis , and conducted segregation analysis on 59 multigenerational affected families from Wolaitta Zone , southern Ethiopia . We estimated the lambda -LRB- s -RRB- to be 5.07 . The heritability of podoconiosis was estimated to be 0.629 -LRB- SE 0.069 , P = 1x10 -LRB- -7 -RRB- -RRB- . Segregation analysis showed that the most parsimonious model was that of an autosomal co-dominant major gene . Age and use of footwear were significant covariates in the final model . Host genetic factors are important determinants of susceptibility to podoconiosis . Identification of the gene -LRB- s -RRB- involved will lead to better understanding of the gene-environment interactions involved in the pathogenesis of podoconiosis and other complex multifactorial conditions .
Angiotensin-converting-enzyme -LRB- ACE -RRB- inhibitors not only decrease the production of angiotensin II but also decrease the degradation of bradykinin . In this study , a specific bradykinin-receptor antagonist , icatibant acetate -LRB- HOE 140 -RRB- , was used to determine the contribution of bradykinin to the short-term effects of ACE inhibition on blood pressure and plasma renin activity in both normotensive and hypertensive subjects . We compared the hemodynamic , renal , and endocrine effects of captopril alone -LRB- 25 mg -RRB- , captopril plus icatibant -LRB- 100 microg per kilogram of body weight -RRB- , the angiotensin II subtype 1-receptor antagonist losartan -LRB- 75 mg -RRB- , and placebo in 20 subjects with normal blood pressure and 7 subjects with hypertension . The subjects were studied while they were salt depleted -LRB- i.e. , in balance on a diet in which they were allowed 10 mmol of sodium per day -RRB- . The drugs were administered on four separate study days in a single-blind , randomized fashion . The coadministration of icatibant significantly attenuated the hypotensive effect of captopril -LRB- maximal decrease in mean arterial pressure for all subjects combined , 10.5 + / -1.0 mm Hg , as compared with 14.0 + / -1.0 mm Hg for captopril alone ; P = 0.001 -RRB- , in such a way that the decrease in blood pressure after the administration of captopril plus icatibant was similar to that after the administration of losartan -LRB- maximal decrease in mean arterial pressure , 11.0 + / -1.7 mm Hg -RRB- . The magnitude of these effects was similar in both the normotensive and the hypertensive subjects , as well as in both the black subjects and the white subjects . These data confirm that bradykinin contributes to the short-term effects of ACE inhibition on blood pressure in normotensive and hypertensive persons and suggest that bradykinin also contributes to the short-term effects of ACE inhibition on the renin-angiotensin system . Bradykinin is a vasoactive nonapeptide involved in cardiorenal physiology and inflammatory states . It has been linked to the pathophysiology of hypertension and diabetes . Correlating levels of bradykinin with disease states has been hampered by its rapid degradation , artifactual production during blood sampling , and nonspecific radioimmunoassay techniques . We previously identified BK1-5 as the stable in vivo plasma metabolite of systemic bradykinin in humans . We now report a sensitive and specific assay method for BK1-5 in human blood utilizing liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry -LRB- MS -RRB- with electrospray ionization . -LSB- -LRB- 13 -RRB- C -LRB- 2 -RRB- , -LRB- 15 -RRB- N -RSB- Glycine was incorporated into chemically synthesized BK1-5 for use as an internal standard . Blood samples -LRB- 5 ml -RRB- were collected into 15-ml chilled ethanol to prevent artifactual kinin production and degradation . BK1-5 in ethanolic plasma supernatant was purified on a polymeric solid phase extraction cartridge . MS analysis was in the selective reaction monitoring mode . Precision of the assay is + / -7.5 % and accuracy is 99 % . Recovery of BK1-5 through sample preparation was 43 % and the lower limit of detection is 4 fmol/ml blood . Concentrations of BK1-5 in 12 normal volunteers were 44.2 + / - 7.1 fmol/ml blood -LRB- mean + / - SE -RRB- . During blood sampling , no artifactual production of BK1-5 was detected for up to 60 s prior to denaturing the sample . This assay provides the first accurate and precise method using MS to quantify BK1-5 in human blood as a marker for the production of systemic bradykinin in humans . Components of the kallikrein kinin system have been associated with the pathophysiology of hypertension in animal and human studies . In this study , we examined the distribution of four different polymorphisms of the kinin B1 and B2 receptor genes in a population of 120 normotensive and 77 hypertensive African-Americans . Allelic frequencies for three of the four polymorphisms were significantly different from those previously reported in Caucasian populations . Among the polymorphisms analyzed , a potentially functionally significant polymorphism in the core promoter of the kinin B2 receptor -LRB- C-58 -- > T transition -RRB- displayed an increased prevalence of the C-58 allele in the hypertensive patients as compared with the controls -LRB- 0.75 v. 0.62 , P = .009 -RRB- . Thus , this B2 receptor promoter polymorphism may represent a susceptibility marker for essential hypertension in African-Americans . In humans , bradykinin contributes to the acute renin response after ACE inhibition . To further explore the role of endogenous bradykinin in human renin regulation , we determined the effect of HOE 140 , a specific bradykinin B -LRB- 2 -RRB- receptor antagonist , on the renin response to 0.5 mg/kg i.v. furosemide in a randomized , single blind , crossover design study of 10 healthy , salt-replete volunteers . Furosemide administration increased plasma renin activity from 1.0 + / - 0.2 to 4.5 + / - 1.2 ng of angiotensin I/ml/h and there was no effect of HOE 140 -LRB- from 1.1 + / - 0.2 to 3.9 + / - 0.8 ng of angiotensin I/ml/h -RRB- . Similarly , there was no effect of HOE 140 on the diuretic response to furosemide . Mean arterial pressure increased in response to furosemide after HOE 140 -LRB- 82 + / - 2 to 94 + / - 2 mm Hg -RRB- , but not after vehicle -LRB- 81 + / - 3 to 85 + / - 2 mm Hg -RRB- , whereas heart rate was unchanged . In conclusion , activation of the B -LRB- 2 -RRB- receptor by endogenous bradykinin does not contribute to the renin response to acute furosemide treatment in humans . However , bradykinin may contribute to blood pressure regulation under conditions in which the renin-angiotensin system is stimulated .
Microangiopathy is retarded by improved blood glucose control in patients with IDDM . Whether or not this is true for macroangiopathy -LRB- atherosclerosis -RRB- has remained unclear . A total of 59 patients -LRB- 44 + / - 1.5 years , previous HbA1C 9.4 + / - 0.2 % , mean + / - SE -RRB- with IDDM were investigated . Of the 59 patients , 31 had been randomized to long-term intensified conventional insulin treatment -LRB- ICT -RRB- , and the remaining 28 had received standard insulin treatment -LRB- ST -RRB- . Blood glucose control was significantly better in the ICT patients with an HbAlc value -LRB- mean of 29 values during 10 years -RRB- of 7.1 + / - 0.1 % compared with the ST patients ' 8.2 + / - 0.2 % -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- . With high-frequency ultrasound , endothelial function was measured as flow-mediated dilation of the right brachial artery . The carotid arteries were scanned for plaques , intima-media thickness was measured , and arterial wall stiffness was calculated in the right common carotid artery . These measurements correlate with manifest and/or risk factors for coronary atherosclerosis . The patients in the ST group had stiffer arteries -LRB- P = 0.011 -RRB- and thicker intima-media in the left common carotid artery -LRB- P = 0.009 -RRB- than those in the ICT group . Patients with lower HbA1c generally had better endothelial function -LRB- P = 0.028 -RRB- and less stiff arteries -LRB- P = 0.009 -RRB- . Better blood glucose control in patients with IDDM is related not only to less microangiopathy but also to a slower development of atherosclerosis . Patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus -LRB- IDDM -RRB- , non-proliferative retinopathy and unsatisfactory blood glucose control were randomized to intensified conventional treatment -LRB- ICT , 48 patients -RRB- or regular treatment -LRB- RT , 54 patients -RRB- for a 5-year study . After 18 months the glycosylated hemoglobin -LRB- HbA1c -RRB- was reduced in both groups , but significantly more in the ICT group -LRB- p = 0.00005 -RRB- . Thirty of the RT patients and 16 from the ICT group deteriorated as to retinopathy -LRB- p = 0.024 -RRB- . Microalbuminuria appeared more often in the RT patients -LRB- p = 0.023 -RRB- , and nerve conduction velocities were significantly reduced only in the RT group -LRB- p between 0.0005 and 0.047 -RRB- . Serious hypoglycemia was more common in the ICT patients -LRB- p = 0.003 -RRB- . The progression of diabetic late complications was thus slowed down by intensified treatment , but at the price of an increased frequency of serious hypoglycemia . Altogether , 102 patients were randomized to intensified conventional treatment -LRB- ICT -RRB- -LRB- n = 48 -RRB- or standard treatment -LRB- ST -RRB- -LRB- n = 54 -RRB- . After 7.5 years , 89 patients remained , and it was shown that microangiopathy was retarded by the lower blood glucose concentrations seen in the patients in the ICT group . Of the patients , 4 in the ICT group and 3 in the ST group died . Mortality was predicted by albuminuria , the amplitude of the sural nerve action potential , and the test of arm blood flow during contraction of the contralateral hand -LRB- sympathetic nerve function -RRB- at baseline -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . Weight increased by 4.4 + / - 1.1 kg in the ICT group and 1.8 + / - 0.7 kg in the ST group -LRB- P = 0.05 -RRB- . Atherosclerosis , measured with digital pulse plethysmography , was approximately the same in the groups at baseline and after five years . In each group , 3 patients had myocardial infarctions , and 2 from each group had ketoacidosis once . There was a mean of 1.1 episodes per patient and per year of serious hypoglycemia in the ICT group and 0.4 episodes per patient and per year in the ST group . No adverse incidents or accidents were observed in either group , and there were no differences between the groups with regard to cognitive function measured with a battery of tests . -LRB- ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS -RRB- We investigated skin microcirculation and its association with HbA1c and the incidence of ischaemic foot ulcer in patients with type 1 diabetes formerly randomised -LRB- 1982-1984 -RRB- to intensified conventional treatment -LRB- ICT -RRB- or standard treatment -LRB- ST -RRB- with insulin for a mean of 7.5 years . We re-determined the skin microcirculation of 72 patients -LRB- ICT 35 vs ST 37 -RRB- from the original Stockholm Diabetes Intervention Study with iontophoresis topically applied with the following vasoactive stimuli : acetylcholine -LRB- ACh -RRB- -LRB- endothelial-dependent vasodilatation -RRB- , sodium nitroprusside -LRB- SNP -RRB- -LRB- endothelial-independent vasodilatation -RRB- , and capsaicin -LRB- C-nociceptive-dependent vasodilatation -RRB- . HbA1c levels -LRB- mean of 14 values/patient -RRB- were prospectively collected between 1990 and 1995 and tested for association with skin microcirculation . The patients were followed until first hospitalisation for an ischaemic foot ulcer or until 2011 . During the median 28 years of follow-up , three patients developed ischaemic foot ulcers in the ICT group compared with ten in the ST group -LRB- logrank , p = 0.035 -RRB- . Stimulated blood flow was higher in the ICT vs ST group with significantly increased perfusion units -LRB- PU -RRB- for : ACh -LRB- 8.1 PU -LSB- 4.6-24.7 PU -RSB- vs 5.3 PU -LSB- 1.7-21.4 PU -RSB- , p < 0.01 -RRB- ; SNP -LRB- 8.1 PU -LSB- 2.2-20.1 PU -RSB- vs 5.6 PU -LSB- 2.3-19.2 PU -RSB- , p = 0.03 -RRB- ; and capsaicin -LRB- 5.0 PU -LSB- 1.7-22.9 PU -RSB- vs 3.4 PU -LSB- 1.5-8.4 PU -RSB- , p < 0.01 -RRB- . HbA1c was associated with vasodilatation induced by ACh -LRB- b = -0.02 , p < 0.01 -RRB- and capsaicin -LRB- b = -0.02 , p = 0.03 -RRB- . HbA1c was
Subcutaneous pegylated interferon -LRB- peginterferon -RRB- beta-1a is being developed for treatment of relapsing multiple sclerosis , with less frequent dosing than currently available first-line injectable treatments . We assessed the safety and efficacy of peginterferon beta-1a after 48 weeks of treatment in the placebo-controlled phase of the ADVANCE trial , a study of patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis . We did this 2-year , double-blind , parallel group , phase 3 study , with a placebo-controlled design for the first 48 weeks , at 183 sites in 26 countries . Patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis -LRB- age 18-65 years , with Expanded Disability Status Scale score ≤ 5 -RRB- were randomly assigned -LRB- 1:1:1 -RRB- via an interactive voice response or web system , and stratified by site , to placebo or subcutaneous peginterferon beta-1a 125 μg once every 2 weeks or every 4 weeks . The primary endpoint was annualised relapse rate at 48 weeks . This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT00906399 . We screened 1936 patients and enrolled 1516 , of whom 1512 were randomly assigned -LRB- 500 to placebo , 512 to peginterferon every 2 weeks , 500 to peginterferon every 4 weeks -RRB- ; 1332 -LRB- 88 % -RRB- patients completed 48 weeks of treatment . Adjusted annualised relapse rates were 0 · 397 -LRB- 95 % CI 0 · 328-0 · 481 -RRB- in the placebo group versus 0 · 256 -LRB- 0 · 206-0 · 318 -RRB- in the every 2 weeks group and 0 · 288 -LRB- 0 · 234-0 · 355 -RRB- in the every 4 weeks group -LRB- rate ratio for every 2 weeks group 0 · 644 , 95 % CI 0 · 500-0 · 831 , p = 0 · 0007 ; rate ratio for the every 4 weeks group 0 · 725 , 95 % CI 0 · 565-0 · 930 , p = 0 · 0114 -RRB- . 417 -LRB- 83 % -RRB- patients taking placebo , 481 -LRB- 94 % -RRB- patients taking peginterferon every 2 weeks , and 472 -LRB- 94 % -RRB- patients taking peginterferon every 4 weeks reported adverse events including relapses . The most common adverse events associated with peginterferon beta-1a were injection site reactions , influenza-like symptoms , pyrexia , and headache . The drug might be an effective treatment for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis with less frequent administration than available treatments . Biogen Idec .
The etonogestrel -LRB- ENG -RRB- implant Implanon is a progestin-only contraceptive that provides effective contraception for up to 3 years . A new radiopaque ENG implant has been developed to extend the diagnostic modalities of Implanon and a next-generation applicator -LRB- NGA -RRB- was designed to facilitate correct subdermal insertion of Implanon . In this open-label study , 23 investigators , experienced and inexperienced with Implanon , performed 301 insertions of the new radiopaque implant using the NGA . Primary outcome measurements were obtained from clinician satisfaction questionnaires completed after the 4th , 8th and 12th insertions . Additionally , insertion characteristics and X-ray visibility were assessed . Almost all investigators were satisfied with the NGA from the first insertion onward , and all were satisfied or very satisfied after 12 insertions . The most frequently reported advantages included ease of use , one-handed action and fast insertion time ; 2 % of insertions were considered difficult in skin puncturing and/or sliding the needle subdermally . Three incorrect insertions occurred due to noncompliance with instructions . All assessed implants were visible on plain X-ray imaging . The NGA was well accepted by investigators with or without prior experience with Implanon . The results stressed the importance of correctly following implant insertion instructions . To investigate the efficacy , safety , removal characteristics , and x-ray visibility of Nexplanon , a radiopaque etonogestrel contraceptive implant combined with a next-generation applicator . A 3-year , nocomparative , multicenter study in women aged 18-40 years at 23 clinical sites . Of 301 women who had an implant inserted , none became pregnant while the implant was in situ . Serious adverse events were reported in 16 of 301 -LRB- 5.3 % -RRB- women ; none were judged as drug related . Fibrosis around the implant was the most common removal complication -LRB- 4.4 % -RRB- . The implant was visible on X-ray and palpable before removal with a mean removal time of 2 minutes . Nexplanon showed high contraceptive efficacy , palpability before removal , short removal times , and few removal complications . Nexplanon provides clinicians with a long-term hormonal contraceptive method with a safety and efficacy profile comparable to Implanon , radiopacity , and a new applicator . This report describes the proper technique and the time required for insertion and removal of Implanon . Implanon was inserted into 330 female volunteers for an assessment of efficacy , safety and tolerability over a 2-year period . Implanon was inserted subdermally using a unique , specially designed , preloaded , disposable applicator , and removal was accomplished either by the `` pop-out '' method or by grasping the implant with a small hemostat and removing it through a small incision . The average length of time required for insertion was 0.5 min . The average length of time required for removal was 3.6 min . There were no reported pregnancies when Implanon was in situ . Insertion and removal represent brief office procedures associated with a low rate of complications . Following proper insertion and removal procedures will minimize the possibility of complications . Sexually active American women -LRB- N = 330 -RRB- with apparently normal menstrual cycles used the implant for up to 2 years . All subjects recorded bleeding and/or spotting daily in a diary . Safety was assessed through adverse experiences -LRB- AEs -RRB- , laboratory tests and physical and gynecologic examinations . Total exposure was 474 woman-years -LRB- 6186 cycles -RRB- , and 68 % of subjects had at least 1 year of exposure . No pregnancies occurred . The most common bleeding pattern observed throughout the study was infrequent bleeding , defined as less than three episodes of bleeding in a reference period -LRB- excluding amenorrhea -RRB- . The least common pattern was frequent bleeding , defined as more than five episodes of bleeding in a reference period . Infrequent , prolonged and frequent bleeding patterns were most common early in the study and declined thereafter . During the 3-month Reference Periods 2-8 -LRB- Months 4-24 -RRB- , the incidence of amenorrhea ranged from 14 % to 20 % . Forty-three subjects -LRB- 13 % -RRB- withdrew from the study because of bleeding pattern changes and 76 subjects -LRB- 23 % -RRB- discontinued because of other AEs . Other common AEs leading to discontinuation , besides bleeding irregularities , were emotional lability -LRB- 6.1 % -RRB- , weight increase -LRB- 3.3 % -RRB- , depression -LRB- 2.4 % -RRB- and acne -LRB- 1.5 % -RRB- . Use of Implanon -LRB- etonogestrel subdermal implant , referred to herein as ENG implant -RRB- for up to 2 years had no clinically significant effects on laboratory parameters , physical and pelvic examinations , vital signs or body mass index . The average length of time required for ENG implant insertion and that for removal were 0.5 and 3.5 min , respectively , and all the procedures were uncomplicated . The return to normal menstrual cycles and fertility was rapid after removal . Implanon is a safe , highly effective and rapidly reversible new method of contraception .
In a tetraplegic patient who required frequent -LRB- 8.57 + / -2.3 times per week -LSB- mean + / - SEM -RSB- -RRB- caregiver assistance to facilitate airway clearance and expectoration of secretions , three epidural electrodes were applied in the T9 , T11 , and L1 spinal cord regions . During stimulation at the T9 and L1 levels , airway pressures were 90 and 82 cm H2O , respectively . Peak expiratory flow rates were 6.4 L/s and 5.0 L/s ; respectively . During combined -LRB- T9 + L1 -RRB- stimulation , airway pressure and expiratory flow rate increased to 132 cm H2O and 7.4 L/s , respectively . Addition of the third lead did not result in further increases in pressure generation . These values are characteristic of those observed with a normal subject .
Amisulpride -LRB- Solian -RRB- , a substituted benzamide derivative , is a second-generation antipsychotic that preferentially binds to dopamine D2/D3 receptors in limbic rather than striatal structures . High dosages preferentially antagonise postsynaptic D2/D3 receptors , resulting in reduced dopamine transmission , and low dosages preferentially block presynaptic D2/D3 receptors , resulting in enhanced dopamine transmission . Amisulpride -LRB- 200-1200 mg/day -RRB- was at least as effective as haloperidol and as effective as risperidone or olanzapine , in studies of up to 1 year in patients with schizophrenia manifesting predominantly positive symptoms . Amisulpride -LRB- 50-300 mg/day -RRB- was significantly more effective than placebo in studies of up to 6 months in patients manifesting predominantly negative symptoms . Quality of life was also improved significantly more in patients receiving amisulpride than in those receiving haloperidol in 4 - and 12-month studies in patients with predominantly mixed symptoms . Amisulpride was generally well tolerated in clinical trials . In patients with predominantly positive symptoms , amisulpride appeared to be better tolerated than haloperidol and was tolerated as well as risperidone and olanzapine . The incidence of extrapyramidal adverse effects with amisulpride was lower than with haloperidol but was generally similar to risperidone or olanzapine . Weight gain with amisulpride was less than that with risperidone or olanzapine and , unlike these agents , amisulpride does not seem to be associated with diabetogenic effects . Plasma prolactin levels are increased during amisulpride therapy and amenorrhoea occurs in about 4 % of women . The incidence of adverse events with low dosages of amisulpride -LRB- < or = 300 mg/day -RRB- in patients with predominantly negative symptoms was similar to that observed with placebo . In conclusion , oral amisulpride -LRB- 200-1200 mg/day -RRB- is at least as effective as haloperidol , and as effective as risperidone or olanzapine , in the treatment of patients with schizophrenia manifesting predominantly positive symptoms . In the treatment of patients manifesting predominantly negative symptoms , low dosages of amisulpride -LRB- 50-300 mg/day -RRB- are significantly more effective than placebo .
To evaluate whether a formula could be derived using oxygen saturation -LRB- Spo2 -RRB- to replace Pao2 that would allow identification of children with acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome . Definitions of acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome require arterial blood gases to determine the Pao2/Fio2 ratio of 300 -LRB- acute lung injury -RRB- and 200 -LRB- acute respiratory distress syndrome -RRB- . Post hoc data analysis of measurements abstracted from two prospective databases of randomized controlled trials . Academic pediatric intensive care units . A total of 255 children enrolled in two large prospective trials of therapeutic intervention for acute lung disease : calfactant and prone positioning . Data were abstracted including Pao2 , Paco2 , pH , Fio2 , and mean airway pressure . Repeated-measures analyses , using linear mixed-effects models , were used to build separate prediction equations for the Spo2/Fio2 ratio , oxygenation index -LSB- -LRB- Fio2 x Mean Airway Pressure -RRB- / Pao2 -RSB- , and oxygen saturation index -LSB- -LRB- Fio2 x Mean Airway Pressure -RRB- / Spo2 -RSB- . A generalization of R was used to measure goodness-of-fit . Generalized estimating equations with a logit link were used to calculate the sensitivity and specificity for the cutoffs of Pao2/Fio2 ratio of 200 and 300 and equivalent values of Spo2/Fio2 ratio , oxygenation index , and oxygen saturation index . An Spo2/Fio2 ratio of 253 and 212 would equal criteria for acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome , respectively . An oxygenation index of 5.3 would equal acute lung injury criteria , and an oxygenation index of 8.1 would qualify for acute respiratory distress syndrome . An oxygen saturation index , which includes the mean airway pressure and the noninvasive measure of oxygenation , of 6.5 would be equivalent to the acute lung injury criteria , and an oxygen saturation index of 7.8 would equal acute respiratory distress syndrome criteria . Noninvasive methods of assessing oxygenation may be utilized with reasonable sensitivity and specificity to define acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome , and , with prospective validation , have the potential to increase the number of children enrolled into clinical trials . Resident alveolar macrophages have been attributed a crucial role in host defense toward pulmonary infection . Their contribution to alveolar repair processes , however , remains elusive . We investigated whether activated resident alveolar macrophages contribute to alveolar epithelial repair on lipopolysaccharide -LRB- LPS -RRB- challenge in vitro and in vivo and analyzed the molecular interaction pathways involved . We evaluated macrophage-epithelial cross-talk mediators for epithelial cell proliferation in an in vitro coculture system and an in vivo model of LPS-induced acute lung injury comparing wild-type , granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor -LRB- GM-CSF -RRB- - deficient -LRB- GM -LRB- - / - -RRB- -RRB- , and human SPC-GM mice -LRB- GM -LRB- - / - -RRB- mice expressing an SPC-promotor-regulated GM-CSF transgene -RRB- . Using reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and ELISA we showed that LPS-activated alveolar macrophages stimulated alveolar epithelial cells -LRB- AEC -RRB- to express growth factors , particularly GM-CSF , in coculture . Antibody neutralization experiments revealed epithelial GM-CSF expression to be macrophage tumor necrosis factor -LRB- TNF -RRB- - alpha dependent . GM-CSF elicited proliferative signaling in AEC via autocrine stimulation . Notably , macrophage TNF-alpha induced epithelial proliferation in wild-type but not in GM-CSF-deficient AEC as shown by -LSB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- H -RSB- - thymidine incorporation and cell counting . Moreover , intraalveolar TNF-alpha neutralization impaired AEC proliferation in LPS-injured mice , as investigated by flow cytometric Ki-67 staining . Additionally , GM-CSF-deficient mice displayed reduced AEC proliferation and sustained alveolar barrier dysfunction on LPS treatment compared with wild-type mice . Collectively , these findings indicate that TNF-alpha released from activated resident alveolar macrophages induces epithelial GM-CSF expression , which in turn initiates AEC proliferation and contributes to restoring alveolar barrier function . Alveolar macrophages contribute to host defenses against influenza in animal models . Enhancing alveolar macrophage function may contribute to protection against influenza . To determine if increased expression of granulocyte/macrophage colony-stimulating factor -LRB- GM-CSF -RRB- in the lung increases resistance to influenza . Wild-type mice and transgenic mice that expressed GM-CSF in the lung were infected with influenza virus , and lung pathology , weight loss , and mortality were measured . We also administered GM-CSF to the lungs of wild-type mice that were infected with influenza virus . Wild-type mice all died after infection with different strains of influenza virus , but all transgenic mice expressing GM-CSF in the lungs survived . The latter also had greatly reduced weight loss and lung injury , and showed histologic evidence of a rapid host inflammatory response that controlled infection . The resistance of transgenic mice to influenza was abrogated by elimination of alveolar phagocytes , but not by depletion of T cells , B cells , or neutrophils . Transgenic mice had far more alveolar macrophages than did wild-type mice , and they were more resistant to influenza-induced apoptosis . Delivery of intranasal GM-CSF to wild-type mice also conferred resistance to influenza . GM-CSF confers resistance to influenza by enhancing innate immune mechanisms that depend on alveolar macrophages . Pulmonary delivery of this cytokine has the potential to reduce the morbidity and mortality due to influenza virus . Alveolar type II epithelial or other pulmonary cells secrete GM-CSF that regulates surfactant catabolism and mucosal host defense through its capacity to modulate the maturation and activation of alveolar macrophages . GM-CSF enhances expression of scavenger receptors MARCO and SR-A . The alveolar macrophage SP-R210 receptor binds the surfactant collectin SP-A mediating clearance of respiratory pathogens . The current study determined the effects of epithelial-derived GM-CSF in host resistance to influenza A pneumonia . The results demonstrate that GM-CSF enhanced resistance to infection with 1.9 × 10 -LRB- 4 -RRB- ffc of the mouse-adapted influenza A/Puerto Rico/8/34 -LRB- PR8 -RRB- H1N1 strain , as indicated by significant differences
We developed a Web-based , blinded , prospective , randomized , multicenter trial , using standardized digital photography to clinically evaluate hand burn depth and accurately determine wound area with digital planimetry . Photos in each center were taken with identical digital cameras with standardized settings on a custom backdrop developed at Wake Forest University containing a gray , white , black , and centimeter scale . The images were downloaded , transferred via the Web , and stored on servers at the principal investigator 's home institution . Color adjustments to each photo were made using Adobe Photoshop 6.0 -LRB- Adobe , San Jose , Calif -RRB- . In an initial pilot study , model hands marked with circles of known areas were used to determine the accuracy of the planimetry technique . Two-dimensional digital planimetry using SigmaScan Pro 5.0 -LRB- SPSS Science , Chicago , Ill -RRB- was used to calculate wound area from the digital images . Digital photography is a simple and cost-effective method for quantifying wound size when used in conjunction with digital planimetry -LRB- SigmaScan -RRB- and photo enhancement -LRB- Adobe Photoshop -RRB- programs . The accuracy of the SigmaScan program in calculating predetermined areas was within 4.7 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 3.4 % -5.9 % -RRB- . Dorsal hand burns of the initial 20 patients in a national study involving several centers were evaluated with this technique . Images obtained by individuals denying experience in photography proved reliable and useful for clinical evaluation and quantification of wound area . Standardized digital photography may be used quantitatively in a Web-based , multicenter trial of burn care . This technique could be modified for other medical studies with visual endpoints . Visual Analogue Scales -LRB- VAS -RRB- provide a simple technique for measuring subjective experience . They have been established as valid and reliable in a range of clinical and research applications , although there is also evidence of increased error and decreased sensitivity when used with some subject groups . Decisions concerned with the choice of scoring interval , experimental design , and statistical analysis for VAS have in some instances been based on convention , assumption and convenience , highlighting the need for more comprehensive assessment of individual scales if this versatile and sensitive measurement technique is to be used to full advantage . Preservation of alveolar bone volume following tooth extraction facilitates subsequent placement of dental implants and leads to an improved esthetic and functional prosthodontic result . The aim of the present study was to assess bone formation in the alveolus and the contour changes of the alveolar process following tooth extraction . The tissue changes after removal of a premolar or molar in 46 patients were evaluated in a 12-month period by means of measurements on study casts , linear radiographic analyses , and subtraction radiography . The results demonstrated that major changes of an extraction site occurred during 1 year after tooth extraction . To study dimensional alterations of the alveolar ridge that occurred following tooth extraction as well as processes of bone modelling and remodelling associated with such change . Twelve mongrel dogs were included in the study . In both quadrants of the mandible incisions were made in the crevice region of the 3rd and 4th premolars . Minute buccal and lingual full thickness flaps were elevated . The four premolars were hemi-sected . The distal roots were removed . The extraction sites were covered with the mobilized gingival tissue . The extractions of the roots and the sacrifice of the dogs were staggered in such a manner that all dogs contributed with sockets representing 1 , 2 , 4 and 8 weeks of healing . The animals were sacrificed and tissue blocks containing the extraction socket were dissected , decalcified in EDTA , embedded in paraffin and cut in the buccal-lingual plane . The sections were stained in haematoxyline-eosine and examined in the microscope . It was demonstrated that marked dimensional alterations occurred during the first 8 weeks following the extraction of mandibular premolars . Thus , in this interval there was a marked osteoclastic activity resulting in resorption of the crestal region of both the buccal and the lingual bone wall . The reduction of the height of the walls was more pronounced at the buccal than at the lingual aspect of the extraction socket . The height reduction was accompanied by a `` horizontal '' bone loss that was caused by osteoclasts present in lacunae on the surface of both the buccal and the lingual bone wall . The resorption of the buccal/lingual walls of the extraction site occurred in two overlapping phases . During phase 1 , the bundle bone was resorbed and replaced with woven bone . Since the crest of the buccal bone wall was comprised solely of bundle this modelling resulted in substantial vertical reduction of the buccal crest . Phase 2 included resorption that occurred from the outer surfaces of both bone walls . The reason for this additional bone loss is presently not understood . The objective of this investigation was to determine the fate of thin buccal bone encasing the prominent roots of maxillary anterior teeth following extraction . Resorption of the buccal plate compromises the morphology of the localized edentulous ridge and makes it challenging to place an implant in the optimal position for prosthetic restoration . In addition , the use of Bio-Oss as a bone filler to maintain the form of the edentulous ridge was evaluated . Nine patients were selected for the extraction of 36 maxillary anterior teeth . Nineteen extraction sockets received Bio-Oss , and seventeen sockets received no osteogenic material . All sites were completely covered with soft tissue at the conclusion of surgery . Computerized tomographic scans were made immediately following extraction and then at 30 to 90 days after healing so as to assess the fate of the buccal plates and resultant form of the edentulous sites
Pinto , HD , Vanin , AA , Miranda , EF , Tomazoni , SS , Johnson , DS , Albuquerque-Pontes , GM , de Oliveira Aleixo Junior , I , Grandinetti , VdS , Casalechi , HL , de Tarso Camillo de Carvalho , P , and Pinto Leal Junior . Photobiomodulation therapy improves performance and accelerates recovery of high-level rugby players in field test : A randomized , crossover , double-blind , placebo-controlled clinical study . J Strength Cond Res 30 -LRB- 12 -RRB- : 3329-3338 , 2016-Although growing evidence supports the use of photobiomodulation therapy -LRB- PBMT -RRB- for performance and recovery enhancement , there have only been laboratory-controlled studies . Therefore , the aim of this study was to analyze the effects of PBMT in performance and recovery of high-level rugby players during an anaerobic field test . Twelve male high-level rugby athletes were recruited in this randomized , crossover , double-blinded , placebo-controlled trial . No interventions were performed before the Bangsbo sprint test -LRB- BST -RRB- at familiarization phase -LRB- week 1 -RRB- ; at weeks 2 and 3 , pre-exercise PBMT or placebo were randomly applied to each athlete . Photobiomodulation therapy irradiation was performed at 17 sites of each lower limb , employing a cluster with 12 diodes -LRB- 4 laser diodes of 905 nm , 4 light emitting diodes -LSB- LEDs -RSB- of 875 nm , and 4 LEDs of 640 nm , 30 J per site , manufactured by Multi Radiance Medical -RRB- . Average time of sprints , best time of sprints , and fatigue index were obtained from BST . Blood lactate levels were assessed at baseline , and at 3 , 10 , 30 , and 60 minutes after BST . Athletes ' perceived fatigue was also assessed through a questionnaire . Pre-exercise PBMT with the combination of super-pulsed laser -LRB- low-level laser -RRB- , red LEDs , and infrared LEDs can enhance performance and accelerate recovery of high-level rugby players in field test .
The autopsies of 13 male homosexuals with acquired immune deficiency syndrome -LRB- AIDS -RRB- were reviewed . All patients had laboratory evidence of cellular immune dysfunction . The most common diagnoses made were disseminated cytomegalovirus infection in 12 patients and Kaposi 's sarcoma in 10 . All patients infected with cytomegalovirus had pulmonary compromise . The adrenal glands and gastrointestinal tract also were involved often by cytomegalovirus . Cytomegalovirus infection of organs uncommonly affected such as heart , meninges , cerebrum , and peripheral nerves was documented in two patients . Skin most frequently was involved by Kaposi 's sarcoma , followed by gastrointestinal tract and lymph nodes . Two patients had visceral and/or nodal Kaposi 's sarcoma with no skin compromise . Other important diagnoses were Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia , cryptosporidiosis , fungal infections , toxoplasmosis , and brain lymphoma . The cause of death was due to one or more infections in most patients . Kaposi 's sarcoma did not contribute substantially to the cause of death , except in one patient with massive multifocal and multiorgan involvement . We evaluated the immediate causes of death in 54 adults who underwent an autopsy and were diagnosed as having died of the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome between April 1980 and October 1983 . The study group included 25 Haitians , 19 homosexual men , five intravenous drug abusers , two hemophiliacs -LRB- type A -RRB- , and three with no known risk . Fourteen died of central nervous system diseases : 11 of Toxoplasma encephalitis , one of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy , one of viral encephalitis , and one of intracerebral hemorrhage . Thirty died of respiratory failure ; 16 of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia , ten of cytomegalovirus pneumonia , one of multiple infections , one of interstitial pneumonia , and two of bacterial pneumonia . Two died of overwhelming generalized infections : one of Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare and one of listeriosis . Six died of disseminated Kaposi 's sarcoma , while the remaining two persons died of Toxoplasma myocarditis -LRB- one -RRB- and one of shock resulting from a percutaneous liver biopsy , respectively . There were differences in the immediate causes of death between Haitians and homosexuals as follows : 63 % of homosexual men died of either P carinii pneumonia or Kaposi 's sarcoma vs 20 % of Haitians . In contrast , 72 % of Haitians died of other opportunistic infections as compared with 21 % of homosexuals . There has not been an increase in the proportion of cases diagnosed premortem since 1982 and overall , only 32 -LRB- 58 % -RRB- were diagnosed premortem ; the rest were diagnosed only at autopsy . This study provided evidence that 42 % died of currently untreatable diseases . Forty patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome -LRB- AIDS -RRB- were examined for ocular abnormalities . Twenty of these patients died and the eyes were obtained for culture and histopathologic examination . Fifty percent of all patients with AIDS and 75 % of the autopsy group have ocular signs attributable to AIDS . Ocular findings were confined to four major categories : cytomegalovirus retinitis -LRB- 10 patients -RRB- , retinal cotton wool spots -LRB- 11 patients -RRB- , conjunctival Kaposi 's sarcoma -LRB- 2 patients -RRB- and neuro-ophthalmic motility abnormalities -LRB- 3 patients -RRB- . Cytomegalovirus retinitis was a significant cause of visual loss . Seven of 40 autopsy eyes had hand motion or worse visual acuity prior to the patients ' death because of CMV retinitis . This necrotic retinitis showed minimal inflammation and progressed to involve the entire retina in three to six months , resulting in a gliotic retinal membrane . Therapy with antiviral agents was not effective .
To determine if intravenous thiamine would reduce lactate in patients with septic shock . Randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial . Two US hospitals . Adult patients with septic shock and elevated -LRB- > 3 mmol/L -RRB- lactate between 2010 and 2014 . Thiamine 200 mg or matching placebo twice daily for 7 days or until hospital discharge . The primary outcome was lactate levels 24 hours after the first study dose . Of 715 patients meeting the inclusion criteria , 88 patients were enrolled and received study drug . There was no difference in the primary outcome of lactate levels at 24 hours after study start between the thiamine and placebo groups -LRB- median : 2.5 mmol/L -LSB- 1.5 , 3.4 -RSB- vs. 2.6 mmol/L -LSB- 1.6 , 5.1 -RSB- , p = 0.40 -RRB- . There was no difference in secondary outcomes including time to shock reversal , severity of illness and mortality . 35 % of the patients were thiamine deficient at baseline . In this predefined subgroup , those in the thiamine treatment group had statistically significantly lower lactate levels at 24 hours -LRB- median 2.1 mmol/L -LSB- 1.4 , 2.5 -RSB- vs. 3.1 -LSB- 1.9 , 8.3 -RSB- , p = 0.03 -RRB- . There was a statistically significant decrease in mortality over time in those receiving thiamine in this subgroup -LRB- p = 0.047 -RRB- . In those with baseline thiamine deficiency , patients in the thiamine group had significantly lower lactate levels at 24 hours and a possible decrease in mortality over time . Incremental advances , beginning with the introduction of antimicrobials and most recently highlighted by revised , evidence-based guidelines for the management of sepsis , have been accompanied by episodic paradigm shifts . Although some of these have shown success , there are numerous , noteworthy failures , largely involving immune - and coagulation-based therapeutic strategies . A sustained paradigm shift in the approach to treating sepsis has yet to emerge , but recent data suggest that an open-minded posture informed by novel pathobiologic findings may eventually bear fruit .
The purpose of this article is 2-fold : To report the long-term functional results of arthroscopic rotator cuff repair -LRB- average , 3.5 years in this study -RRB- , and to analyze results by tear size and repair technique -LRB- margin convergence v direct tendon-to-bone repair -RRB- . Case series . Between September 1993 and April 1997 , 62 patients had an arthroscopic rotator cuff repair performed by the senior author -LRB- S.S.B. -RRB- . Of this group , 59 patients -LRB- 59 shoulders -RRB- were available for follow-up . Preoperative and postoperative function were assessed by means of a modified UCLA scoring system . Tears were categorized according to size -LRB- greatest diameter , number of tendons involved , and pattern of tear -LSB- crescent shape v U-shape -RSB- -RRB- . Crescent-shaped tears were repaired in a direct tendon-to-bone fashion and U-shaped tears were repaired by a margin-convergence technique . Good and excellent results were achieved in 95 % of the cases , regardless of tear size . The large and massive tears did as well as the small and medium-sized tears . That is , results were independent of tear size -LRB- P > .05 -RRB- . Results of tears repaired by margin convergence were not significantly different statistically from those repaired by direct tendon-to-bone repair -LRB- P > .05 -RRB- , validating the selection criteria of U-shaped tears for repair by margin convergence . There is a rapid return to full overhead function after arthroscopic rotator cuff repair -LRB- average , 4 months for each tear size -RRB- . Delay from injury to surgery , even of several years , did not adversely affect surgical outcome . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Arthroscopic rotator cuff repair can achieve good and excellent results in a large percentage of patients -LRB- 95 % in this series -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Results of arthroscopic rotator cuff repair are independent of tear size . -LRB- 3 -RRB- U-shaped tears repaired by margin convergence have results comparable to those of crescent-shaped tears repaired directly by a tendon-to-bone technique . -LRB- 4 -RRB- There is a rapid return to full overhead function after arthroscopic rotator cuff repair -LRB- average , 4 months for all tear sizes -RRB- . -LRB- 5 -RRB- A delay from injury to diagnosis , even of several years , is not a contraindication to arthroscopic rotator cuff repair . We present 53 patients who underwent arthroscopic rotator cuff repair and had a minimum of 2-year follow-up . Most tears were avulsions of the supraspinatus from the greater tuberosity , some with associated longitudinal tears . Longitudinal tears were repaired with a side-to-side suturing technique . Avulsion tears from the tuberosity were repaired using nonretrievable suture anchors . Traditional open-mobilization techniques , such as elevating the cuff off the glenoid neck and scapular fossa , and cutting the coraco-humeral ligament , were performed arthroscopically as needed . All repairs were performed using O-PDS or 1-PDS suture and a 7-mm suture punch for suture delivery . Both simple and mattress suture configurations were used . An anterolateral operative portal was used in most cases . A modified UCLA rating system that included additional points for abduction range of motion and strength was adapted for clinical evaluation in this study -LRB- maximum score , 45 points -RRB- . The average preoperative rating was 17 -LRB- range , 9 to 26 -RRB- . The average postoperative rating was 41 -LRB- range , 16 to 45 -RRB- . There were 36 excellent -LRB- 41 to 45 points -RRB- , 13 good -LRB- 36 to 40 points -RRB- , 1 fair -LRB- 30 to 35 points -RRB- , and 3 poor -LRB- < 30 points -RRB- results . We have seen intraoperative but no cases of postoperative anchor pullout . The simple sutures performed as well as , and in some ways better than , mattress configurations . All fair and good results were with O-PDS . To perform an arthroscopic repair , the tear must be well visualized and mobilizable back to the tuberosity with only moderate tension . The anterolateral operative portal has been very useful because it allows better angle of entry for instruments and anchors and improved visualization in the subacromial space . The use of PDS and simple suture configurations has made the repair technically easier to perform with the instruments that are currently available . We do recommend 1-PDS suture because it breaks less easily even though it is slightly more difficult to deliver and tie . Arthroscopic cuff mobilization is relatively simple and has allowed us to repair larger tears . Based on our experience , arthroscopic rotator cuff repair is technically achievable and a superior alternative in selected cases for an experienced shoulder arthroscopist . Patients who underwent arthroscopic repairs had less scarring and shorter hospital stays and , we believe , less postoperative pain and easier rehabilitation compared with open repairs . We investigated the in vivo introduction of a reporter gene into healing rat patellar ligaments using the hemagglutinating virus of Japan -LRB- HVJ -RRB- - liposome-mediated gene transfer method . The mid-portion of the medial half of the patellar ligament was cut transversely with a scalpel in 14-wk-old male Wistar rats . A HVJ-liposome suspension containing beta-galactosidase -LRB- beta-gal -RRB- cDNA was injected directly into the injured site and pooled in the fascial pocket covering the injured site 3 d postoperatively . Thereafter , beta-gal-labeled cells were observed in the wound site accounting for 3 % of the wound cells on the first day , 2 % on the third , 7 % on the seventh , 6 % on the 14th , 2 % on the 28th , and 0.2 % on the 56th day after injection . The beta-gal-labeled cells were initially localized in and adjacent to the wound site , but they were observed spreading into the ligament substance away from the wound on the seventh day after injection . On day
To examine the pricing trajectories in the United States of disease-modifying therapies -LRB- DMT -RRB- for multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- over the last 20 years and assess the influences on rising prices . We estimated the trend in annual drug costs for 9 DMTs using published drug pricing data from 1993 to 2013 . We compared changes in DMT costs to general and prescription drug inflation during the same period . We also compared the cost trajectories for first-generation MS DMTs interferon -LRB- IFN -RRB- - β-1b , IFN-β-1a IM , and glatiramer acetate with contemporaneously approved biologic tumor necrosis factor -LRB- TNF -RRB- inhibitors . First-generation DMTs , originally costing $ 8,000 to $ 11,000 , now cost about $ 60,000 per year . Costs for these agents have increased annually at rates 5 to 7 times higher than prescription drug inflation . Newer DMTs commonly entered the market with a cost 25 % -60 % higher than existing DMTs . Significant increases in the cost trajectory of the first-generation DMTs occurred following the Food and Drug Administration approvals of IFN-β-1a SC -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and natalizumab -LRB- reintroduced 2006 -RRB- and remained high following introduction of fingolimod -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . Similar changes did not occur with TNF inhibitor biologics during these time intervals . DMT costs in the United States currently are 2 to 3 times higher than in other comparable countries . MS DMT costs have accelerated at rates well beyond inflation and substantially above rates observed for drugs in a similar biologic class . There is an urgent need for clinicians , payers , and manufacturers in the United States to confront the soaring costs of DMTs . With rising cancer care costs , including high-priced cancer drugs , financial hardship is increasingly documented among cancer survivors in the United States ; research findings have not been synthesized . We conducted a systematic review of articles published between 1990 and 2015 describing the financial hardship experienced by cancer survivors using PubMed , Embase , Scopus , and CINAHL databases . We categorized measures of financial hardship into : material conditions -LRB- eg , out-of-pocket costs , productivity loss , medical debt , or bankruptcy -RRB- , psychological responses -LRB- eg , distress or worry -RRB- , and coping behaviors -LRB- eg , skipped medications -RRB- . We abstracted findings and conducted a qualitative synthesis . Among 676 studies identified , 45 met the inclusion criteria and were incorporated in the review . The majority of the studies -LRB- 82 % , n = 37 -RRB- reported financial hardship as a material condition measure ; others reported psychological -LRB- 7 % , n = 3 -RRB- and behavioral measures -LRB- 16 % , n = 7 -RRB- . Financial hardship measures were heterogeneous within each broad category , and the prevalence of financial hardship varied by the measure used and population studied . Mean annual productivity loss ranged from $ 380 to $ 8236 , 12 % to 62 % of survivors reported being in debt because of their treatment , 47 % to 49 % of survivors reported experiencing some form of financial distress , and 4 % to 45 % of survivors did not adhere to recommended prescription medication because of cost . Financial hardship is common among cancer survivors , although we found substantial heterogeneity in its prevalence . Our findings highlight the need for consistent use of definitions , terms , and measures to determine the best intervention targets and inform intervention development in order to prevent and minimize the impact of financial hardship experienced by cancer survivors . To calculate the abandonment rate of oral oncolytic medications and identify factors that may affect likelihood of abandonment . Cross-sectional cohort study using administrative claims data . We analyzed a nationally representative pharmacy claims database and identified 10,508 patients with Medicare and commercial insurance for whom oral oncolytic therapy was initiated between 2007 and 2009 . We calculated the abandonment rate for the initial claim , in which abandonment was defined as reversal of an adjudicated pharmacy claim without a subsequent paid claim for any oncolytic -LRB- oral or intravenous -RRB- within the ensuing 90 days . We assessed likelihood of abandonment using bivariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses including patient demographics , plan type , drug type , cost sharing , and concurrent prescription activity . The abandonment rate of newly initiated oral oncolytics was 10.0 % . Unadjusted bivariate analyses found that high cost sharing , increased prescription activity , lower income , and Medicare coverage were associated with a higher abandonment rate -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- . In the logistic regression model , claims with cost sharing greater than $ 500 were four times more likely to be abandoned than claims with cost sharing of $ 100 or less -LRB- odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- , 4.46 ; P < .001 -RRB- . Patients with five or more prescription claims processed within in the previous month had 50 % higher likelihood of abandonment than patients with no other prescription activity -LRB- OR , 1.50 ; P < .001 -RRB- . Abandonment of newly prescribed oral oncolytic therapy is not uncommon , and the likelihood increases for patients enrolled in plans with pharmacy benefit designs that require high cost sharing . Increased concurrent prescription activity was also associated with a higher abandonment rate . These factors should be taken into account when considering likely adherence to cancer therapy . Treatment adherence is one of the key factors for achieving optimal clinical outcomes . In order to assess costs related to adherence to , and persistence and compliance with , disease-modifying therapies -LRB- DMTs -RRB- in patients with multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- , a narrative review of the literature was performed . Satisfaction with and preference for DMTs and their delivery devices were also assessed , as both can have an influence on patients ' adherence and persistence .
Fifteen patients with high-risk resected stage III and IV melanoma were enrolled . Each patient received peptides + incomplete Freund 's adjuvant with SD-9427 at doses of either 10 , 20 , or 40 microg/kg s.c. for 3 days before and 7 days after each vaccination . Immunizations were administered every month for 6 months and then administered once 6 months later . A leukapheresis to obtain peripheral blood mononuclear cells for immune analyses as well as skin testing with peptides and recall antigens was performed before and after vaccination . IFN - gamma release assay , ELISPOT , and MHC-peptide tetramer analysis were performed using peripheral blood mononuclear cells collected before and after vaccination to evaluate peptide-specific cytotoxic T-cell responses . Six of 12 patients tested developed a positive skin test response to one or more of the peptides . Seven of 10 patients tested demonstrated an immune response to at least one peptide when evaluated by IFN-gamma release assay and ELISPOT assay after vaccination , as did 11 of 12 patients analyzed by MHC-peptide tetramer assay . Four of 15 patients have relapsed with a median follow-up of 20 months , and 1 patient in this high-risk group has died of disease . SD-9427 with a multipeptide vaccine was generally well tolerated , although one patient developed reversible antibody-mediated neutropenia .
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy is known to reduce fasting blood glucose in individuals with Type 2 diabetes . However , the mechanisms of this effect are not clear . The aim of this study was to determine whether peripheral insulin sensitivity by hyperinsulinaemic euglycaemic clamp is increased in patients presenting for hyperbaric oxygen therapy . Participants were non-obese individuals without Type 2 diabetes -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- or obese patients with Type 2 diabetes -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- . Patients were given 100 % oxygen at 2.0 absolute atmospheres for 2 h , six sessions per week for 5 weeks . Peripheral insulin sensitivity was increased in the whole cohort -LRB- P = 0.04 -RRB- . Insulin sensitivity increased within 3 days of hyperbaric oxygen treatment and this was maintained for 30 sessions . This increase in insulin sensitivity is equivalent to that observed following moderate weight loss . The mechanisms underlying the insulin-sensitizing effect of hyperbaric oxygen require further elucidation .
The AIDS Clinical Trials Group protocol 076 zidovudine prophylaxis regimen for HIV-1-infected pregnant women and their babies has been associated with a significant decrease in vertical HIV-1 transmission in non-breastfeeding women in developed countries . We compared the safety and efficacy of short-course nevirapine or zidovudine during labour and the first week of life . From November , 1997 , to April , 1999 , we enrolled 626 HIV-1-infected pregnant women at Mulago Hospital in Kampala , Uganda . We randomly assigned mothers nevirapine 200 mg orally at onset of labour and 2 mg/kg to babies within 72 h of birth , or zidovudine 600 mg orally to the mother at onset of labour and 300 mg every 3 h until delivery , and 4 mg/kg orally twice daily to babies for 7 days after birth . We tested babies for HIV-1 infection at birth , 6-8 weeks , and 14-16 weeks by HIV-1 RNA PCR . We assessed HIV-1 transmission and HIV-1-free survival with Kaplan-Meier analysis . Nearly all babies -LRB- 98.8 % -RRB- were breastfed , and 95.6 % were still breastfeeding at age 14-16 weeks . The estimated risks of HIV-1 transmission in the zidovudine and nevirapine groups were : 10.4 % and 8.2 % at birth -LRB- p = 0.354 -RRB- ; 21.3 % and 11.9 % by age 6-8 weeks -LRB- p = 0.0027 -RRB- ; and 25.1 % and 13.1 % by age 14-16 weeks -LRB- p = 0.0006 -RRB- . The two regimens were well tolerated and adverse events were similar in the two groups . Nevirapine lowered the risk of HIV-1 transmission during the first 14-16 weeks of life by nearly 50 % in a breastfeeding population . This simple and inexpensive regimen could decrease mother-to-child HIV-1 transmission in less-developed countries . Timely testing of women in labor with undocumented human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- status could enable immediate provision of antiretroviral prophylaxis . To determine the feasibility and acceptance of rapid HIV testing among women in labor and to assess rapid HIV assay performance . The Mother-Infant Rapid Intervention At Delivery -LRB- MIRIAD -RRB- study implemented 24-hour counseling and voluntary rapid HIV testing for women in labor at 16 US hospitals from November 16 , 2001 , through November 15 , 2003 . A rapid HIV-1 antibody test for whole blood was used . Acceptance of HIV testing ; sensitivity , specificity , and predictive value of the rapid test ; time from blood collection to patient notification of results . There were 91,707 visits to the labor and delivery units in the study , 7381 of which were by eligible women without documentation of HIV testing . Of these , 5744 -LRB- 78 % -RRB- women were approached for rapid HIV testing and 4849 -LRB- 84 % -RRB- consented . HIV-1 test results were positive for 34 women -LRB- prevalence = 7/1000 -RRB- . Sensitivity and specificity of the rapid test were 100 % and 99.9 % , respectively ; positive predictive value was 90 % compared with 76 % for enzyme immunoassay -LRB- EIA -RRB- . Factors independently associated with higher test acceptance included younger age , being black or Hispanic , gestational age less than 32 weeks , and having had no prenatal care . Lower acceptance was associated with being admitted between 4 pm and midnight , particularly on Friday nights , but this may be explained in part by fewer available personnel . Median time from blood collection to patient notification of result was 66 minutes -LRB- interquartile range , 45-120 minutes -RRB- , compared with 28 hours for EIA -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . Rapid HIV testing is feasible and delivers accurate and timely test results for women in labor . It provides HIV-positive women prompt access to intrapartum and neonatal antiretroviral prophylaxis , proven to reduce perinatal HIV transmission , and may be particularly applicable to higher-risk populations . Although increasing attention has been focused on the adequacy of the informed consent process for participation in research studies , there has been little systematic evaluation of the process , particularly when consent is obtained in the labor and delivery setting . To address concerns about obtaining informed consent from women in labor , we have completed focus groups , conducted a pilot of the informed consent process among women in labor , developed flip-charts to enhance comprehension , and plan an ongoing evaluation of the informed consent process throughout the course of the MIRIAD study . In the pilot study , approximately 70 % of women were able to state in their own words the purpose and benefits of the research study . Substantially fewer women -LRB- 25 % -RRB- were able to state one or more risks of the study .
Sugammadex is the first of a new class of selective muscle relaxant binding drugs developed for the rapid and complete reversal of neuromuscular blockade induced by rocuronium and vecuronium . Many studies have demonstrated a dose-response relationship with sugammadex for reversal of neuromuscular blockade in patients induced and maintained under propofol anesthesia . However , sevoflurane anesthesia , unlike propofol , can prolong the effect of neuromuscular blocking drugs -LRB- NMBDs -RRB- such as rocuronium and vecuronium . We designed this randomized , open-label , dose-response trial to explore the dose-response relationship of sugammadex for the reversal of deep neuromuscular blockade induced by rocuronium or vecuronium under propofol-induced and sevoflurane-maintained anesthesia . As a secondary objective , the safety variables of sugammadex were evaluated . After anesthesia induction with propofol , 102 patients aged > or = 20 and < 65 yr were randomized to receive a single bolus dose of rocuronium 0.9 mg/kg -LRB- n = 50 -RRB- or vecuronium 0.1 mg/kg -LRB- n = 52 -RRB- , followed by maintenance doses -LRB- rocuronium 0.1-0.2 mg/kg or vecuronium 0.02-0.03 mg/kg -RRB- as needed . Neuromuscular blockade was monitored using acceleromyography . After the last dose of NMBD , at 1-2 posttetanic counts , a single bolus dose of sugammadex 0.5 , 1.0 , 2.0 , 4.0 , or 8.0 mg/kg was administered . The primary efficacy variable was time from start of sugammadex administration to recovery of the T -LRB- 4 -RRB- / T -LRB- 1 -RRB- ratio to 0.9 . The per-protocol population consisted of 48 patients in the rocuronium group and 47 in the vecuronium group . A dose-response effect was demonstrated for decreased mean time to recovery of the T -LRB- 4 -RRB- / T -LRB- 1 -RRB- ratio to 0.9 with increasing sugammadex dose in both NMBD groups -LRB- per-protocol population -RRB- : rocuronium group , 79.8 -LRB- SD 33.0 -RRB- min -LRB- sugammadex 0.5 mg/kg -RRB- to 1.7 -LRB- 0.7 -RRB- min -LRB- 4.0 mg/kg -RRB- and 1.1 -LRB- 0.3 -RRB- min -LRB- 8.0 mg/kg subgroup -RRB- ; vecuronium group , 68.4 -LRB- 31.9 -RRB- min -LRB- 0.5 mg/kg -RRB- to 3.3 -LRB- 3.5 -RRB- min -LRB- 4.0 mg/kg -RRB- , and 1.7 -LRB- 0.8 -RRB- min -LRB- 8.0 mg/kg subgroup -RRB- . Neuromuscular monitoring showed recurrent neuromuscular blockade in 5 patients , all in the rocuronium group -LRB- 2 given sugammadex 0.5 mg/kg and 3 given 1.0 mg/kg -RRB- , but there were no clinical events attributable to recurrent or residual neuromuscular blockade . Sugammadex at doses of > or = 4 mg/kg provides rapid reversal of deep rocuronium - and vecuronium-induced neuromuscular blockade under sevoflurane maintenance anesthesia . Acetylcholinesterase inhibitors , such as neostigmine , have traditionally been used for reversal of non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents . However , these drugs have significant limitations , such as indirect mechanisms of reversal , limited and unpredictable efficacy , and undesirable autonomic responses . Sugammadex is a selective relaxant-binding agent specifically developed for rapid reversal of non-depolarizing neuromuscular blockade induced by rocuronium . Its potential clinical benefits include fast and predictable reversal of any degree of block , increased patient safety , reduced incidence of residual block on recovery , and more efficient use of healthcare resources . The main objective of this review was to compare the efficacy and safety of sugammadex versus neostigmine in reversing neuromuscular blockade caused by non-depolarizing neuromuscular agents in adults . We searched the following databases on 2 May 2016 : Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials -LRB- CENTRAL -RRB- ; MEDLINE -LRB- WebSPIRS Ovid SP -RRB- , Embase -LRB- WebSPIRS Ovid SP -RRB- , and the clinical trials registries www.controlled-trials.com , clinicaltrials.gov , and www.centerwatch.com . We re-ran the search on 10 May 2017 . We included randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- irrespective of publication status , date of publication , blinding status , outcomes published , or language . We included adults , classified as American Society of Anesthesiologists -LRB- ASA -RRB- I to IV , who received non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents for an elective in-patient or day-case surgical procedure . We included all trials comparing sugammadex versus neostigmine that reported recovery times or adverse events . We included any dose of sugammadex and neostigmine and any time point of study drug administration . Two review authors independently screened titles and abstracts to identify trials for eligibility , examined articles for eligibility , abstracted data , assessed the articles , and excluded obviously irrelevant reports . We resolved disagreements by discussion between review authors and further disagreements through consultation with the last review author . We assessed risk of bias in 10 methodological domains using the Cochrane risk of bias tool and examined risk of random error through trial sequential analysis . We used the principles of the GRADE approach to prepare an overall assessment of the quality of evidence . For our primary outcomes -LRB- recovery times to train-of-four ratio -LRB- TOFR -RRB- > 0.9 -RRB- , we presented data as mean differences -LRB- MDs -RRB- with 95 % confidence intervals -LRB- CIs -RRB- , and for our secondary outcomes -LRB- risk of adverse events and risk of serious adverse events -RRB- , we calculated risk ratios -LRB- RRs -RRB- with CIs . We included 41 studies -LRB- 4206 participants -RRB- in this updated review , 38 of which were new studies . Twelve trials were eligible for meta-analysis of primary outcomes -LRB- n = 949 -RRB- , 28 trials were eligible for meta-analysis of secondary outcomes -LRB- n = 2298 -RRB- , and 10 trials -LRB- n = 1647 -RRB- were ineligible for meta-analysis . We compared sugammadex 2 mg/kg and neostigmine 0.05 mg/kg for reversal of rocuronium-induced moderate neuromuscular blockade -LRB- NMB -RRB- . Sugammadex 2 mg/kg was 10.22 minutes -LRB- 6.6 times -RRB- faster then neostigmine 0.05 mg/kg -LRB- 1.96 vs 12.87 minutes -RRB- in reversing NMB from the second twitch -LRB- T2 -RRB- to TOFR > 0.9 -LRB- MD 10.22
The Orthopaedic Section of the American Physical Therapy Association -LRB- APTA -RRB- has an ongoing effort to create evidence-based practice guidelines for orthopaedic physical therapy management of patients with musculoskeletal impairments described in the World Health Organization 's International Classification of Functioning , Disability , and Health -LRB- ICF -RRB- . The purpose of these revised clinical practice guidelines is to review recent peer-reviewed literature and make recommendations related to nonarthritic heel pain . Plantar fasciitis causes heel pain in active as well as sedentary adults of all ages . The condition is more likely to occur in persons who are obese or in those who are on their feet most of the day . A diagnosis of plantar fasciitis is based on the patient 's history and physical findings . The accuracy of radiologic studies in diagnosing plantar heel pain is unknown . Most interventions used to manage plantar fasciitis have not been studied adequately ; however , shoe inserts , stretching exercises , steroid injection , and custom-made night splints may be beneficial . Extracorporeal shock wave therapy may effectively treat runners with chronic heel pain but is ineffective in other patients . Limited evidence suggests that casting or surgery may be beneficial when conservative measures fail . The authors review histologic findings from 50 cases of heel spur surgery for chronic plantar fasciitis . Findings include myxoid degeneration with fragmentation and degeneration of the plantar fascia and bone marrow vascular ectasia . Histologic findings are presented to support the thesis that `` plantar fasciitis '' is a degenerative fasciosis without inflammation , not a fasciitis . These findings suggest that treatment regimens such as serial corticosteroid injections into the plantar fascia should be reevaluated in the absence of inflammation and in light of their potential to induce plantar fascial rupture . Clinically , plantar fasciitis -LRB- PF -RRB- is believed to be a result and/or prolonged by overpronation and excessive loading , but there is little biomechanical data to support this assertion . The purpose of this study was to determine the differences between healthy individuals and those with PF in -LRB- 1 -RRB- rearfoot motion , -LRB- 2 -RRB- medial forefoot motion , -LRB- 3 -RRB- first metatarsal phalangeal joint -LRB- FMPJ -RRB- motion , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- ground reaction forces -LRB- GRF -RRB- . We recruited healthy -LRB- n = 22 -RRB- and chronic PF individuals -LRB- n = 22 , symptomatic over three months -RRB- of similar age , height , weight , and foot shape -LRB- p > 0.05 -RRB- . Retro-reflective skin markers were fixed according to a multi-segment foot and shank model . Ground reaction forces and three dimensional kinematics of the shank , rearfoot , medial forefoot , and hallux segment were captured as individuals walked at 1.35 ms -LRB- -1 -RRB- . Despite similarities in foot anthropometrics , when compared to healthy individuals , individuals with PF exhibited significantly -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- -LRB- 1 -RRB- greater total rearfoot eversion , -LRB- 2 -RRB- greater forefoot plantar flexion at initial contact , -LRB- 3 -RRB- greater total sagittal plane forefoot motion , -LRB- 4 -RRB- greater maximum FMPJ dorsiflexion , and -LRB- 5 -RRB- decreased vertical GRF during propulsion . These data suggest that compared to healthy individuals , individuals with PF exhibit significant differences in foot kinematics and kinetics . Consistent with the theoretical injury mechanisms of PF , we found these individuals to have greater total rearfoot eversion and peak FMPJ dorsiflexion , which may put undue loads on the plantar fascia . Meanwhile , increased medial forefoot plantar flexion at initial contact and decreased propulsive GRF are suggestive of compensatory responses , perhaps to manage pain . Although a lowered medial longitudinal arch has been cited as a causal factor in plantar fasciitis , there is little experimental evidence linking arch motion to the pathogenesis of the condition . This study investigated the sagittal movement of the arch in subjects with and without plantar fasciitis during gait . Digital fluoroscopy was used to acquire dynamic lateral radiographs from 10 subjects with unilateral plantar fasciitis and 10 matched control subjects . The arch angle and the first metatarsophalangeal joint angle were digitized and their respective maxima recorded . Sagittal movement of the arch was defined as the angular change between heel strike and the maximum arch angle observed during the stance phase of gait . The thickness of the proximal plantar fascia was determined from sagittal sonograms of both feet . ANOVA models were used to identify differences between limbs with respect to each dependent variable . Relationships between arch movement and fascial thickness were investigated using correlations . Whereas the symptomatic and asymptomatic plantar fascia were thicker than those of control feet -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- , significant correlations were noted between fascial thickness and peak arch and metatarsophalangeal joint angles -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- in the symptomatic limb only . Neither abnormal shape nor movement of the arch are associated with chronic plantar fasciitis . However , arch mechanics may influence the severity of plantar fasciitis , once the condition is present . Digital flexion , in contrast , has a protective role in what might be a bilateral disease process . The Foot Function Index -LRB- FFI -RRB- is a self-report , foot-specific instrument measuring pain and disability and has been widely used to measure foot health for over twenty years . A revised FFI -LRB- FFI-R -RRB- was developed in response to criticism of the FFI . The purpose of this review was to assess the uses of FFI and FFI-R as were reported in medical and surgical literature and address the suggestions found in the literature to improve the metrics of FFI-R . A systematic literature search of PubMed/Medline and Embase databases from October 1991 through December 2010 comprised the main sources of literature . To enrich the bibliography , the search was extended to BioMedLib and Scopus
A minority of hospitalized smokers actually receives assistance in quitting during hospitalization or cessation counseling following discharge . This study aims to determine the impact of a guideline-based intervention on 1 -RRB- nurses ' delivery of the 5A 's -LRB- Ask-Advise-Assess-Assist-Arrange follow-up -RRB- in hospitalized smokers , and 2 -RRB- nurses ' attitudes toward the intervention . We conducted a pre-post guideline implementation trial involving 205 hospitalized smokers on the inpatient medicine units at one US Department of Veterans Affairs -LRB- VA -RRB- medical center . The intervention included : 1 -RRB- academic detailing of nurses on delivery of brief cessation counseling , 2 -RRB- modification of the admission form to facilitate 5A 's documentation , and 3 -RRB- referral of motivated inpatients to receive proactive telephone counseling . Based on subject interviews , we calculated a nursing 5A 's composite score for each patient -LRB- ranging from 0 to 9 -RRB- . We used linear regression with generalized estimating equations to compare the 5A 's composite score -LRB- and logistic regression to compare individual A 's -RRB- across periods . We compared 29 nurses ' ratings of their self-efficacy and decisional balance -LRB- `` pros '' and `` cons '' -RRB- with regard to cessation counseling before and after guideline implementation . Following implementation , we also interviewed a purposeful sample of nurses to assess their attitudes toward the intervention . Nurses ' attitudes toward cessation counseling improved following guideline implementation -LRB- 35.3 vs. 32.7 on `` pros '' subscale , p = 0.01 -RRB- , without significant change on the `` cons '' subscale . A multifaceted intervention including academic detailing and adaptation of the nursing admission template is an effective strategy for improving nurses ' delivery of brief cessation counseling in medical inpatients . Although most hospitalized smokers receive some form of cessation counseling during hospitalization , few receive outpatient cessation counseling and/or pharmacotherapy following discharge , which are key factors associated with long-term cessation . US Department of Veterans Affairs -LRB- VA -RRB- hospitals are challenged to find resources to implement and maintain the kind of high intensity cessation programs that have been shown to be effective in research studies . Few studies have applied the Chronic Care Model -LRB- CCM -RRB- to improve inpatient smoking cessation . The primary objective of this protocol is to determine the effect of a nurse-initiated intervention , which couples low-intensity inpatient counseling with sustained proactive telephone counseling , on smoking abstinence in hospitalized patients . Key secondary aims are to determine the impact of the intervention on staff nurses ' attitudes toward providing smoking cessation counseling ; to identify barriers and facilitators to implementation of smoking cessation guidelines in VA hospitals ; and to determine the short-term cost-effectiveness of implementing the intervention . Pre-post study design in four VA hospitals . Hospitalized patients , aged 18 or older , who smoke at least one cigarette per day . The intervention will include : nurse training in delivery of bedside cessation counseling , electronic medical record tools -LRB- to streamline nursing assessment and documentation , to facilitate prescription of pharmacotherapy -RRB- , computerized referral of motivated inpatients for proactive telephone counseling , and use of internal nursing facilitators to provide coaching to staff nurses practicing in non-critical care inpatient units . The primary endpoint is seven-day point prevalence abstinence at six months following hospital admission and prolonged abstinence after a one-month grace period . To compare abstinence rates during the intervention and baseline periods , we will use random effects logistic regression models , which take the clustered nature of the data within nurses and hospitals into account . We will assess attitudes of staff nurses toward cessation counseling by questionnaire and will identify barriers and facilitators to implementation by using clinician focus groups . To determine the short-term incremental cost per quitter from the perspective of the VA health care system , we will calculate cessation-related costs incurred during the initial hospitalization and six-month follow-up period . NCT00816036 .
To examine the role of syngeneic bone marrow transplantation and peripheral blood lymphocyte infusions combined with zidovudine in the treatment of patients with human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- infection . A partially randomized outpatient trial . Outpatient and inpatient facility of the Clinical Center of the National Institutes of Health , a research-based referral facility . Sixteen patients with HIV infection -LRB- 15 symptomatic , 1 asymptomatic -RRB- . Symptomatic patients were treated with zidovudine , 500 mg orally every 4 hours for 12 weeks , combined with six peripheral blood lymphocyte infusions -LRB- four at week 10 , two at week 12 -RRB- and bone marrow transplantation -LRB- at week 12 -RRB- using HIV-seronegative identical twins as donors . After transplantation , patients were randomly assigned to receive either zidovudine , 100 mg every 4 hours , or placebo for 12 months . The asymptomatic patient received zidovudine for the first 12 weeks , discontinuing therapy after transplantation . Immunologic and virologic monitoring were done monthly . Immediately after lymphocyte infusions and bone marrow transplantation , there was an increase in the mean -LRB- + / - SE -RRB- CD4 cell percent -LRB- 19.1 % + / - 3.1 % to 28.1 % + / - 3.0 % -RRB- , an increase in the fraction of patients with delayed-type hypersensitivity responses to tetanus toxoid -LRB- 4 of 13 to 11 of 13 -RRB- and the development of delayed-type hypersensitivity to keyhole-limpet hemocyanin -LRB- a primary immunogen to which only the donor had been immunized -RRB- in 8 of 12 patients tested . No significant clinical improvement was noted , however , and there was no overall sustained immunologic improvement . Treatment with tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes -LRB- TIL -RRB- plus interleukin-2 can mediate the regression of metastatic melanoma in approximately half of patients . To optimize this treatment approach and define the in vivo distribution and survival of TIL , we used retroviral-mediated gene transduction to introduce the gene coding for resistance to neomycin into human TIL before their infusion into patients -- thus using the new gene as a marker for the infused cells . Five patients received the gene-modified TIL . All the patients tolerated the treatment well , and no side effects due to the gene transduction were noted . The presence and expression of the neomycin-resistance gene were demonstrated in TIL from all the patients with Southern blot analysis and enzymatic assay for the neomycin phosphotransferase coded by the bacterial gene . Cells from four of the five patients grew successfully in high concentrations of G418 , a neomycin analogue otherwise toxic to eukaryotic cells . With polymerase-chain-reaction analysis , gene-modified cells were consistently found in the circulation of all five patients for three weeks and for as long as two months in two patients . Cells were recovered from tumor deposits as much as 64 days after cell administration . The procedure was safe according to all criteria , including the absence of infections virus in TIL and in the patients . These studies demonstrate the feasibility and safety of using retroviral gene transduction for human gene therapy and have implications for the design of TIL with improved antitumor potency , as well as for the possible use of lymphocytes for the gene therapy of other diseases .
Pembrolizumab demonstrated antitumor activity and safety in the phase II KEYNOTE-224 trial in previously treated patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- . KEYNOTE-240 evaluated the efficacy and safety of pembrolizumab in this population . This randomized , double-blind , phase III study was conducted at 119 medical centers in 27 countries . Eligible patients with advanced HCC , previously treated with sorafenib , were randomly assigned at a two-to-one ratio to receive pembrolizumab plus best supportive care -LRB- BSC -RRB- or placebo plus BSC . Primary end points were overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- and progression-free survival -LRB- PFS ; one-sided significance thresholds , <i> P </i> = .0174 -LSB- final analysis -RSB- and <i> P </i> = .002 -LSB- first interim analysis -RSB- , respectively -RRB- . Safety was assessed in all patients who received ≥ 1 dose of study drug . Between May 31 , 2016 , and November 23 , 2017 , 413 patients were randomly assigned . As of January 2 , 2019 , median follow-up was 13.8 months for pembrolizumab and 10.6 months for placebo . Median OS was 13.9 months -LRB- 95 % CI , 11.6 to 16.0 months -RRB- for pembrolizumab versus 10.6 months -LRB- 95 % CI , 8.3 to 13.5 months -RRB- for placebo -LRB- hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- , 0.781 ; 95 % CI , 0.611 to 0.998 ; <i> P </i> = .0238 -RRB- . Grade 3 or higher adverse events occurred in 147 -LRB- 52.7 % -RRB- and 62 patients -LRB- 46.3 % -RRB- for pembrolizumab versus placebo ; those that were treatment related occurred in 52 -LRB- 18.6 % -RRB- and 10 patients -LRB- 7.5 % -RRB- , respectively . In this study , OS and PFS did not reach statistical significance per specified criteria .
This case-series documents application of the wearable RKO in untethered functional training with stroke survivors . Subjects were assessed with a variety of balance , gait and functional tests including the Berg Balance Scale -LRB- BBS -RRB- ; six-minute walk test -LRB- 6MWT -RRB- ; and Emory Functional Ambulation Profile -LRB- EFAP -RRB- at pre-treatment , post-treatment , one-month and three-month follow-up . All subjects improved balance , gait and functional performances with mean individual improvements of 12.6 % for BBS , 12.0 % for 6MWT and 16.7 % for EFAP post-treatment . No adverse events occurred . These three stroke survivors may have benefited from the task-specific functional training programme augmented by RKO use . This paper describes a wearable powered leg orthosis that includes a high-torque actuator , electronics , sensors , and embedded firmware . The device provides multiple modes of operation including automatic assistance , manual assistance , continuous passive motion and robotic therapy . Patients affected by neurological conditions including stroke , MS , and Parkinson 's disease may benefit from robotic therapy and from the improved mobility provided by this portable , lightweight device . A preliminary study of chronic stroke patients has shown retained improvement in walking speed for patients undergoing rehabilitation with the device .
To determine the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of clevidipine , a new ultrashort-acting calcium antagonist , in healthy male volunteers following a constant rate infusion . Eight healthy male volunteers received 1030 nmol x min -LRB- -1 -RRB- of clevidipine together with a tracer dose of 3 -LSB- H -RSB- - clevidipine for 1 h as an i.v. infusion . Frequent venous blood samples and effect recordings were obtained during ongoing infusion and up to 32 h following termination of the infusion . The excretion of radioactivity in urine and faeces was followed for 7 days . A two-compartment model gave the best fit to the individual clevidipine blood levels , resulting in a mean blood clearance of 0.14 -LRB- 0.03 -RRB- l x min -LRB- -1 -RRB- x kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- and a mean volume of distribution at steady state of 0.6 -LRB- 0.1 -RRB- l x kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- . The initial half-life was 1.6 -LRB- 0.3 -RRB- min , and the terminal half-life was 15 -LRB- 5 -RRB- min . The maximum concentration of the metabolite H 152/81 was reached 2.2 -LRB- 1.3 -RRB- min following termination of the infusion . The mean terminal half-life of the inactive primary metabolite was 9.5 -LRB- 0.8 -RRB- h and the mean recovery of the radioactive dose reached 83 -LRB- 3 -RRB- % . Following termination of the 1 h infusion , the effect on blood pressure -LRB- BP -RRB- and heart rate was back to pre-dose values within 15 min . Clevidipine is a high clearance drug , which is rapidly metabolized to the corresponding inactive acid . The tmax value of the primary metabolite , and a virtually identical value of the initial half-life and the half-life for elimination from the central compartment , indicate that the initial rapid decline of the post-infusion blood levels is mainly due to elimination rather than distribution . The duration of action of clevidipine is short . To investigate the tolerability and safety of clevidipine in healthy male volunteers during intravenous infusion at gradually increasing dose rates and to obtain preliminary information on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamic effects of the drug . Twenty-five subjects were enrolled in the study and twenty-one of them were included twice , resulting in a total of forty-six study entries encompassing 20 min infusions of clevidipine at target dose rates ranging from 0.12 to 48 nmol min-1 kg-1 . Haemodynamic variables and adverse events were recorded throughout the study . Concentrations of clevidipine and its primary metabolite , H 152/81 , were followed in whole blood , and the pharmacokinetics were evaluated by non-compartmental and compartmental analysis . An Emax model was fitted to the effect on mean arterial pressure -LRB- MAP -RRB- over heart rate -LRB- HR -RRB- and the corresponding blood concentrations of clevidipine . Clevidipine was administered up to a target dose rate of 48 nmol min-1 kg-1 , where a pre-determined escape criterion was reached -LRB- HR > 120 beats min-1 -RRB- and the study was stopped . The most common adverse events were flush and headache , which can be directly related to the mechanism of action of clevidipine . There was a linear relationship between blood concentration and dose rate in the range studied . The median clearance value determined by non-compartmental analysis was 0.125 l min-1 kg-1 . Applying the population approach to the sparse data on clevidipine concentrations , an open two compartment pharmacokinetic model was found to be the best model in describing the disposition of the drug . The population mean clearance value determined by this method was 0.121 l min-1 kg-1 , and the volume of distribution at steady state was 0.56 l kg-1 . The initial half-life , contributing by more than 80 % to the total area under the blood concentration-time curve following i.v. bolus administration , was 1.8 min , and the terminal half-life was 9.5 min . At the highest dose rates , MAP was reduced by approximately 10 % , and the HR reached the pre-determined escape criterion for this study -LRB- > 120 beats min-1 -RRB- . Clevidipine is well tolerated and safe in healthy volunteers at dose rates up to at least 48 nmol min-1 kg-1 . The pharmacokinetics are linear over a wide dose range . Clevidipine is a high clearance drug with extremely short half-lives . The effect of clevidipine on the blood pressure was marginal , probably due to a compensatory baroreflex activation in this population of healthy volunteers . A simple Emax model adequately describes the relationship between the pharmacodynamic response -LRB- MAP/HR -RRB- and the blood concentrations of clevidipine . We assess the safety and efficacy of intravenous clevidipine for treating patients with acute severe increase in blood pressure by using prespecified , non-weight-based titration dosing , with continuous maintenance infusion for 18 hours or longer . Prospective , open-label , single-arm evaluation of patients aged 18 years or older and presenting in the emergency department or ICU with severe hypertension -LRB- systolic blood pressure > 180 mm Hg and/or diastolic blood pressure > 115 mm Hg -RRB- and treated with clevidipine to achieve a predetermined , patient-specific systolic blood pressure target range . Clevidipine was initiated at 2 mg per hour and titrated as needed in doubling increments every 3 minutes to a maximum of 32 mg per hour , during 30 minutes , and then continued for a total duration of 18 to 96 hours . Study patients commonly presented with both acute hypertension and end-organ injury ; 81 % -LRB- 102/126 -RRB- had demonstrable end-organ injury at baseline . Within 30 minutes of starting clevidipine , 88.9 % -LRB- 104/117 -RRB- of patients achieved target range . Median time to target range was 10.9 minutes . Clevidipine was well tolerated with successful transition to oral antihypertensive therapy after infusion to a defined blood pressure target in 91.3 % -LRB- 115/126 -RRB- of patients . Clevidipine , dosed in a non-weight-based
The purpose of this research was to develop and evaluate psychometrically an abbreviated instrument to assess hope in adults in clinical settings . The Herth Hope Index -LRB- HHI -RRB- , a 12-item adapted version of the Herth Hope Scale -LRB- HHS -RRB- , was tested with a convenience sample of 172 ill adults . Alpha coefficient was 0.97 with a 2-week test-retest reliability of 0.91 . Criterion-related validity was established by correlating the HHI with the parent HHS -LRB- r = 0.92 -RRB- , the Existential Well-Being Scale -LRB- r = 0.84 -RRB- and the Nowotny Hope Scale -LRB- r = 0.81 -RRB- . Divergent validity with the Hopelessness Scale was established -LRB- r = -0.73 -RRB- . Construct validity was supported through the factorial isolation of three factors : -LRB- a -RRB- temporality and future ; -LRB- b -RRB- positive readiness and expectancy ; -LRB- c -RRB- interconnectedness . These three factors accounted for 41 % of the total variance in the measure . This work presents the study of validation of the French version of the Internal Powerful others and Chance Scale -LRB- IPC -RRB- of Levenson . A principal components analysis was carried out on a group of 134 healthy subjects . The Cronbach alpha coefficient and the correlation between the items and the total score of each sub-scale of the IPC were calculated . Our results were discussed in comparison with others studies . The World Health Organization Quality of Life assessment -LRB- WHOQOL-100 -RRB- was developed simultaneously across 15 international field centers and includes 24 facets relating to quality of life , which are grouped into 4 larger domains : physical , psychological , social relationships , and environment . It also includes 1 facet examining overall quality of life and general health perceptions . This article examines the extent to which the WHOQOL-100 assesses quality of life perceptions in different cultures and whether it is structurally comparable in these cultures . Regression analysis showed all 4 domains to be important in assessing quality of life in each of the 15 centers . Structural equation modeling suggested further support for the proposal that there are universal facets and domains that are cross-culturally important in determining quality of life and suggested that the ordering of facets within domains is comparable across cultures . This study describes the principal psychometric properties of the French version of the WHOQOL-26 , a short version -LRB- 26 questions -RRB- of the WHOQOL-100 , which are World Health Organization instruments for evaluation of quality of life -LRB- QOL -RRB- which include four dimensions -LRB- physical , psychological , environmental , social relations -RRB- . The use of this tool with psychiatric patients is discussed . Collection of data was performed during a national inquiry on persons with neuromuscular disorders . The population included 2,102 subjects -LRB- mean age 42.9 + / - 15 years -RRB- . Ten different clinical entities were represented , which differed in the type of lesion of the motor unit , the permanence and localization of the loss of muscle strength , the progression of the respiratory deficit , the moment of its occurrence and seriousness of prognosis . This questionnaire was well-adapted to the study population -LRB- weak effect of extremes -RRB- and was well-accepted -LRB- only 5 % non-responses -RRB- . Compared with the long version , homogeneity is less pronounced , but remains acceptable -LRB- the item-scale correlation is superior to 0.40 for 66.7 % of some items -RRB- , which is the same as the reliability -LRB- Cronbach 's alpha coefficient always over 0.65 -RRB- . The sensitivity in relation to the diagnosis is verified for all four dimensions -LRB- p = 0.05 -RRB- . The concurrent validity , studied using general QOL evaluation scores , satisfaction with health , and the importance of repercussions of incapacities on daily life was also globally demonstrated -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- . Enhancing hope in people with a first recurrence of cancer Researchers and clinicians have identified the need for well-defined intervention studies to test the efficacy of interventions designed to strengthen hope . The Herth Hope Index -LRB- HHI -RRB- and the Cancer Rehabilitation and Evaluation Systems , Short Form -LRB- CARES-SF -RRB- were administered prior to intervention , immediately after intervention and at 3 , 6 , and 9-month intervals . Both the level of hope and QOL were significantly increased -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- immediately after intervention and across time -LRB- 3 , 6 and 9 months -RRB- . This study was a preliminary attempt to design , implement , and evaluate a theory-driven hope intervention program . Knowledge about the effectiveness of specific interventions designed to enhance hope is vital if nurses are to significantly influence hope in those whom are in their care .
Slow-wave sleep -LRB- SWS -RRB- has been theorized to be an intense form of nonREM sleep , but selective deprivation of SWS or Stage 4 sleep has not been shown to cause greater decrements in alertness or performance , compared to deprivation or disruption of the other stages of sleep . The present experiment examined the effects of marked SWS deprivation -LRB- SD -RRB- for two nights , a control sleep disruption -LRB- CD -RRB- condition in which minutes of SWS were preserved , and a no sleep disruption -LRB- ND -RRB- condition . Daytime sleepiness was assessed with the multiple sleep latency test -LRB- MSLT -RRB- and performance was evaluated with the simulated assembly line task -LRB- SALT -RRB- , neither of which was used in previous studies of SWS or Stage 4 sleep deprivation . In agreement with prior studies , two nights of SD did not cause greater daytime sleepiness than did CD , although sleepiness in both conditions was increased compared to the ND condition . In addition , neither SD nor CD caused declines in performance or mood . However , post hoc analysis suggests an interaction between SWS and sleep duration , such that sufficient SWS may tend to prevent adverse effects of mild sleep loss on waking function . To evaluate the impact of enhanced slow-wave sleep -LRB- SWS -RRB- on behavioral , psychological , and physiologic changes resulting from sleep restriction A double-blind , parallel-group , placebo-controlled design was used to compare tiagabine , 8 mg , -LRB- a SWS-enhancing drug -RRB- to placebo during 4 nights of sleep restriction -LRB- time in bed = 5 hours per night -RRB- . Behavioral , psychological , and physiologic measures of the impact of sleep restriction were compared between groups at baseline , during sleep restriction , and following recovery sleep . Two sleep research laboratories . Thirty-eight healthy adults ; 9 men and 10 women -LRB- mean age : 26.0 + / - 6.1 years -RRB- in the placebo group and 8 men and 11 women -LRB- mean age : 26.7 + / - 8.1 years -RRB- in the tiagabine 8 mg group Both experimental groups underwent 4 nights of sleep restriction . Each group received either tiagabine 8 mg or placebo on all sleep-restriction nights , and both groups received placebo on baseline and recovery nights . Polysomnography documented a SWS-enhancing effect of tiagabine . The placebo group displayed the predicted deficits due to sleep restriction on the Psychomotor Vigilance Task and the Multiple Sleep Latency Test .
Nasal continuous positive airway pressure -LRB- nCPAP -RRB- is an accepted mode of respiratory support for preterm infants with respiratory insufficiency . To avoid potential sequelae of endotracheal -LRB- ET -RRB- intubation and mechanical ventilation , prophylactic aerosolization of surfactant delivered via nCPAP has been attempted with limited success . To determine the feasibility and safety of prophylactic aerosolization of a peptide-containing synthetic surfactant , Aerosurf ® -LRB- lucinactant for inhalation -RRB- was delivered by nCPAP to preterm infants at risk for respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- RDS -RRB- . Neonates were enrolled into treatment group 1 -LRB- Aerosurf retreatment separated by at least 3 h -RRB- or treatment group 2 -LRB- Aerosurf retreatment separated by at least 1 h -RRB- . A vibrating membrane nebulizer Aeroneb Pro ® was used to aerosolize 20 mg/mL Aerosurf . All neonates received the initial 3-h treatment , and three retreatments were permitted within 48 h based on clinical response . Seventeen infants were enrolled . All infants survived ; 29.4 % required subsequent ET surfactant replacement therapy , 23.5 % were diagnosed with RDS at 24 h , and 11.8 % with bronchopulmonary dysplasia -LRB- BPD -RRB- at 28 days of life . Mean FiO ₂ was 0.4 at baseline , and 0.32 at 4 h posttreatment . Aerosurf can be safely administered via nCPAP in preterm infants at risk for RDS and may provide an alternative to surfactant administration via an ET tube . Further studies are required to evaluate this delivery approach .
Childhood and adolescent overweight and obesity are related to health risks , medical conditions , and increased risk of adult obesity , with its attendant effects on morbidity and mortality rates . The prevalence of childhood overweight and obesity has more than doubled in the past 25 years . Purpose . This evidence synthesis examines the evidence for the benefits and harms of screening and early treatment of overweight among children and adolescents in clinical settings . We developed an analytic framework and 7 key questions representing the logical evidence connecting screening and weight control interventions with changes in overweight and behavioral , physiologic , and health outcomes in childhood or adulthood . We searched the Cochrane Library from 1996 to April 2004 . We searched Medline , PsycINFO , DARE , and CINAHL from 1966 to April 2004 . One reviewer abstracted relevant information from each included article into standardized evidence tables , and a second reviewer checked key elements . Two reviewers quality-graded each article with US Preventive Services Task Force criteria . Although BMI is a measure of relative weight rather than adiposity , it is recommended widely for use among children and adolescents to determine overweight and is the currently preferred measure . The risk of adult overweight from childhood overweight provides the best available evidence to judge the clinical validity of BMI as an overweight criterion for children and adolescents . BMI measures in childhood track to adulthood moderately or very well , with stronger tracking seen for children with > or = 1 obese parent and children who are more overweight or older . The probability of adult obesity -LRB- BMI of > 30 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- is > or = 50 % among children > 13 years of age whose BMI percentiles meet or exceed the 95th percentile for age and gender . BMI-based overweight categorization for individuals , particularly for racial/ethnic minorities with differences in body composition , may have limited validity because BMI measures can not differentiate between increased weight for height attributable to relatively greater fat-free mass -LRB- muscle , bone , and fluids -RRB- and that attributable to greater fat . No trials of screening programs to identify and to treat childhood overweight have been reported . Limited research is available on effective , generalizable interventions for overweight children and adolescents that can be conducted in primary care settings or through primary care referrals . BMI measurements of overweight among older adolescents identify those at increased risk of developing adult obesity . Interventions to treat overweight adolescents in clinical settings have not been shown to have clinically significant benefits , and they are not widely available . Screening to categorize overweight among children under age 12 or 13 who are not clearly overweight may not provide reliable risk categorization for adult obesity . Screening in this age group is compromised by the fact that there is little generalizable evidence for primary care interventions . Because existing trials report modest short - to medium-term improvements -LRB- approximately 10-20 % decrease in percentage of overweight or a few units of change in BMI -RRB- , however , overweight improvements among children and adolescents seem possible . The prevalence of overweight among children in the United States increased between 1976-1980 and 1988-1994 , but estimates for the current decade are unknown . To determine the prevalence of overweight in US children using the most recent national data with measured weights and heights and to examine trends in overweight prevalence . Survey of 4722 children from birth through 19 years of age with weight and height measurements obtained in 1999-2000 as part of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey -LRB- NHANES -RRB- , a cross-sectional , stratified , multistage probability sample of the US population . Prevalence of overweight among US children by sex , age group , and race/ethnicity . Overweight among those aged 2 through 19 years was defined as at or above the 95th percentile of the sex-specific body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- for age growth charts . The prevalence of overweight was 15.5 % among 12 - through 19-year-olds , 15.3 % among 6 - through 11-year-olds , and 10.4 % among 2 - through 5-year-olds , compared with 10.5 % , 11.3 % , and 7.2 % , respectively , in 1988-1994 -LRB- NHANES III -RRB- . The prevalence of overweight among non-Hispanic black and Mexican-American adolescents increased more than 10 percentage points between 1988-1994 and 1999-2000 . The prevalence of overweight among children in the United States is continuing to increase , especially among Mexican-American and non-Hispanic black adolescents . Larger body mass index values -LRB- BMI in kg/m2 -RRB- are associated with increased morbidity and mortality in adulthood and there are significant correlations between BMI values in childhood and in adulthood . The present study addresses the predictive value of childhood BMI for overweight at 35 + / - 5 y , defined as BMI > 28 for men and > 26 for women . Analyses of data for 555 white children indicated that overweight at 35 y can be predicted from BMI at younger ages . The prediction is excellent at age 18 y , good at 13 y , but only moderate at ages younger than 13 y. For 18-y-olds with a BMI value exceeding the 60th percentile , the odds of overweight at 35 y are 34 % for men and 37 % for women . A clinically applicable method is provided to assign an overweight child to a group with a known probability of high BMI values in adulthood . Although overweight and obesity in childhood are related to dyslipidemia , hyperinsulinemia , and hypertension , most studies have examined levels of these risk factors individually or have used internal cutpoints -LRB- eg , quintiles -RRB- to classify overweight and risk factors . We used cutpoints derived from several national studies to examine the relation of overweight -LRB-
294 patients older than 19 years were enrolled . Estimates of 10-year cardiovascular risk were calculated . The agreement between the CVD risk equations was assessed using Cohen 's kappa coefficient . The participants ' mean age was 36.8 years -LRB- SD = 10.3 -RRB- , 76.9 % were men , and 66.3 % were on antiretroviral therapy . 47.8 % of the participants had abdominal obesity , 23.1 % were current smokers , 20.0 % had hypertension , and 2.0 % had diabetes . The majority were classified as having low risk for CV events . The percentage of patients at high risk ranged from 0.4 to 5.7 . The PROCAM score placed the lowest proportion of the patients into a high-risk group , and the Framingham equation with aggravating factors placed the highest proportion of patients into the high-risk group .
Tracheal intubation remains a common procedure during neonatal intensive care . Rapid confirmation of correct tube placement is important because tube malposition is associated with serious adverse outcomes . The current gold standard test to confirm tube position is a chest radiograph , however this is often delayed until after ventilation has commenced . Hence , point of care methods to confirm correct tube placement have been developed . The aim of this article is to review the available literature on tube placement in newborn infants . We reviewed books , resuscitation manuals and articles from 1830 to the present with the search terms `` Infant , Newborn '' , `` Endotracheal intubation '' , `` Resuscitation '' , `` Clinical signs '' , `` Radiography '' , `` Respiratory Function Tests '' , `` Laryngoscopy '' , `` Ultrasonography '' , and `` Bronchoscopy '' . Various techniques have been studied to help clinicians assess tube placement . However , despite 85 years of clinical practice , the search for higher success rates and quicker intubation continues . Currently , chest radiography remains the gold standard test to confirm tube position . However , rigorous evaluation of new techniques is required to ensure the safety of newborn infants . Clinical assessment and end-tidal CO -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- ETCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- detectors are routinely used to verify endotracheal tube -LRB- ETT -RRB- placement . However , ETCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- detectors may mislead clinicians by failing to identify correct placement under a variety of conditions . A flow sensor measures gas flow in and out of an ETT . We reviewed video recordings of neonatal resuscitations to compare a colorimetric CO -LRB- 2 -RRB- detector -LRB- Pedi-Cap ® -RRB- with flow sensor recordings for assessing ETT placement . We reviewed recordings of infants < 32 weeks gestation born between February 2007 and January 2010 . Airway pressures and gas flow were recorded with a respiratory function monitor . Video recording were used -LRB- i -RRB- to identify infants who were intubated in the delivery room and -LRB- ii -RRB- to observe colour change of the ETCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- detector . Flow sensor recordings were used to confirm whether the tube was in the trachea or not . Of the 210 infants recorded , 44 infants were intubated in the delivery room . Data from 77 intubation attempts were analysed . In 35 intubations of 20 infants both a PediCap ® and flow sensor were available for analysis . In 21 -LRB- 60 % -RRB- intubations , both methods correctly identified successful ETT placement and in 3 -LRB- 9 % -RRB- both indicated the ETT was not in the trachea . In the remaining 11 -LRB- 31 % -RRB- intubations the PediCap ® failed to change colour despite the flow wave indicating correct ETT placement . Colorimetric CO -LRB- 2 -RRB- detectors may mislead clinicians intubating very preterm infants in the delivery room . They may fail to change colour in spite of correct tube placement in up to one third of the cases . Clinical assessment and end-tidal CO -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- ETCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- detectors are routinely used to verify correct endotracheal tube -LRB- ETT -RRB- placement . However , ETCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- detectors may mislead clinicians by failing to correctly identify placement of an ETT under a variety of circumstances . A flow sensor measures and displays gas flow in and out of an ETT . We compared endotracheal flow sensor recordings with a colorimetric CO -LRB- 2 -RRB- - detector -LRB- Pedi-Cap -RRB- to detect endotracheal intubation in a preterm sheep model of neonatal resuscitation . Six preterm lambs were intubated and ventilated immediately after delivery . At 5 min the oesophagus was also intubated with a similar tube . The endotracheal tube and oesophageal tubes were attached to a Pedi-Cap and flow sensor in random order . Two observers , blinded to the positions of the tubes , used a ETCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- detector and the flow sensor recording to determine whether the tube was in the trachea or oesophagus . The experiment was repeated 10 times for each animal . In the last three animals -LRB- 30 recordings -RRB- the number of inflations required to correctly identify the tube placement was noted . The Pedi-Cap and the flow sensor correctly identified tube placement in all studies . Thus , the sensitivity , specificity , and positive and negative predictive values of both devices were 100 % . At least three , and up to 10 , inflations were required to identify tube location with the Pedi-Cap compared to one or two inflations with the flow sensor . A flow sensor correctly identifies tube placement within the first two inflations . The Pedi-Cap required more inflations to correctly identify tube placement . To determine the practical value of the new pediatric disposable ETCO2 detector Pedi-CAP in verifying endotracheal tube placement in neonatal resuscitation . Infants who required endotracheal intubation in the delivery room or the neonatal intensive care unit -LRB- NICU -RRB- were included in a prospective study in which the endotracheal tube placement was determined clinically and simultaneously by the Pedi-CAP and confirmed by chest radiograph . The Pedi-CAP and clinical evaluation determination times of the endotracheal tube placement were measured and compared . The accuracy and ease of the Pedi-CAP use were tested . Forty-five newborns -LRB- 450 to 4620 gm -RRB- who needed endotracheal intubation were included in the study . Twenty-four -LRB- 53.3 % -RRB- were intubated in the delivery room and 21 -LRB- 46.7 % -RRB- in the NICU . The Pedi-CAP color indicator correlated with the clinical evaluation and radiograph findings of proper intubation in 30 of 33 patients -LRB- sensitivity 91 % , specificity 100 % , positive predictive value 100 % , and negative predictive value 80 % -RRB- . There were three false-negative results in patients with severe
To describe and evaluate the current practice of in vitro maturation of oocytes for assisted reproduction . Review of the available and relevant literature regarding in vitro maturation of oocytes . In vitro maturation of human oocytes retrieved from antral ovarian follicles is an emerging procedure quickly being incorporated into the realm of assisted reproductive technologies . This new technology has several potential advantages over traditional controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF , such as reduction of costs by minimizing gonadotropin and GnRH analogue use , elimination of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , and simplicity of protocol . In vitro maturation of oocytes for assisted reproduction in human beings still is undergoing refinement but currently is providing efficacy and safety outcome comparable to that of traditional IVF in recent selected studies . Implementing in vitro maturation into an established IVF practice is feasible and requires only a few simple adjustments . Crucial to the advancement and optimization of the technology is a better understanding of how to maximize immature oocyte developmental competence and endometrial receptivity . To compare obstetric outcome and congenital abnormalities in pregnancies conceived after in vitro maturation -LRB- IVM -RRB- , in vitro fertilization -LRB- IVF -RRB- , and intracytoplasmic sperm injection -LRB- ICSI -RRB- with those in spontaneously conceived controls . Data were collected from the McGill Obstetrics and Neonatal Database -LRB- MOND -RRB- . All children were examined and classified in a standard manner . Pregnancies by IVM , IVF , and ICSI were compared with those of age - and parity-matched controls . A total of 432 children were born from 344 pregnancies after assisted reproductive technology -LRB- ART -RRB- during the study period -LRB- IVM 55 , IVF 217 , ICSI 160 -RRB- . The observed odds ratios -LRB- ORs -RRB- for any congenital abnormality were 1.42 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- 0.52-3.91 -RRB- for IVM , 1.21 -LRB- 95 % CI 0.63-2.62 -RRB- for IVF , and 1.69 -LRB- 95 % CI 0.88-3.26 -RRB- for ICSI . Twin pregnancy -LRB- IVM 21 % , IVF 20 % , ICSI 17 % -RRB- and triplet pregnancy -LRB- IVM 5 % , IVF 3 % , ICSI 3 % -RRB- were higher than those in controls -LRB- 1.7 % twins and 0 % triplets -RRB- -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . Cesarean delivery rates were higher after ART , even in singleton pregnancies -LRB- IVM 39 % , IVF 36 % , ICSI 36 % ; controls : 26.3 % -RRB- -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- . Apgar scores , cord pH , growth restriction , and pregnancy complications were comparable in all groups . All ART pregnancies are associated with an increased risk of multiple pregnancy , cesarean delivery , and congenital abnormality .
Specific fatty acid alterations have been described in the blood and tissues of cystic fibrosis -LRB- CF -RRB- patients . The two most consistent alterations include decreased levels of linoleic acid -LRB- LA -RRB- and decreased levels of docosahexaenoic acid -LRB- DHA -RRB- . Increased arachidonic acid -LRB- AA -RRB- release from membrane phospholipids , as well as changes in levels of AA and other monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids -LRB- PUFAs -RRB- have also been described in CF. Although mechanisms of fatty acid alterations have not yet been determined , these alterations may have an important role in the progression of the CF disease . There have been several clinical trials in which CF patients were supplemented with n-3 fatty acids . Most trials resulted in an increase in the levels of the supplemental fatty acids in the blood of CF patients in the absence of significant clinical improvement . It is recommended that future trials include a larger population of CF patients and measure multiple clinical outcomes . The use of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids -LRB- n-3 PUFA -RRB- as supplements has prompted the development of concentrated formulations to overcome compliance problems . The present study compares three concentrated preparations - ethyl esters , free fatty acids and re-esterified triglycerides - with placebo oil in a double-blinded design , and with fish body oil and cod liver oil in single-blinded arms . Seventy-two volunteers were given approximately 3.3 g of eicosapentaenoic acid -LRB- EPA -RRB- plus docosahexaenoic acid -LRB- DHA -RRB- daily for 2 weeks . Increases in absolute amounts of EPA and DHA in fasting serum triglycerides , cholesterol esters and phospholipids were examined . Bioavailability of EPA+DHA from re-esterified triglycerides was superior -LRB- 124 % -RRB- compared with natural fish oil , whereas the bioavailability from ethyl esters was inferior -LRB- 73 % -RRB- . Free fatty acid bioavailability -LRB- 91 % -RRB- did not differ significantly from natural triglycerides . The stereochemistry of fatty acid in acylglycerols did not influence the bioavailability of EPA and DHA . An imbalance in -LRB- n-6 -RRB- / -LRB- n-3 -RRB- PUFA has been reported in cystic fibrosis -LRB- CF -RRB- patients . Glycerophospholipids enriched in docosahexaenoic acid -LRB- GPL-DHA -RRB- have been shown to regulate the -LRB- n-6 -RRB- / -LRB- n-3 -RRB- fatty acid ratio in the elderly . Here , we tested the effect of GPL-DHA supplementation on PUFA status in F508del homozygous CF mice . GPL-DHA liposomes were administrated by gavage -LRB- 60 mg DHA/kg daily , i.e. at maximum 1.4 mg DHA/d -RRB- to 1.5-mo-old CF mice -LRB- CF+DHA -RRB- and their corresponding wild-type -LRB- WT -RRB- homozygous littermates -LRB- WT+DHA -RRB- for 6 wk . The PUFA status of different tissues was determined by GC and compared with control groups -LRB- CF and WT -RRB- . There was an alteration in the -LRB- n-6 -RRB- PUFA pathway in several CF-target organs in CF compared with WT mice , as evidenced by a higher level of arachidonic acid -LRB- AA -RRB- in membrane phospholipids or whole tissue -LRB- 21 and 39 % in duodenum-jejunum , 32 and 38 % in ileum , and 19 and 43 % in pancreas -RRB- . Elevated AA levels were associated with lower linoleic acid -LRB- LA -RRB- and higher dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid levels . No DHA deficiency was observed . GPL-DHA treatment resulted in different PUFA composition changes depending on the tissue -LRB- increase in LA , decrease in elevated AA , DHA increase , increase in -LRB- n-6 -RRB- / -LRB- n-3 -RRB- fatty acid ratio -RRB- . However , the DHA/AA ratio consistently increased in all tissues in CF+DHA and WT+DHA mice . Our study demonstrates the effectiveness of an original oral DHA formulation in counter-balancing the abnormal -LRB- n-6 -RRB- fatty acid metabolism in organs of CF mice when administrated at a low dose and highlights the potential of the use of GPL-DHA as nutritherapy for CF patients . Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide . Despite advances in research , diagnosis and treatment , lung cancer remains a highly lethal disease , often diagnosed at advanced stages and with a very poor prognosis . Therefore , new strategies for the prevention and treatment of lung cancer are urgently needed . Our results demonstrate that MAG-DHA treatments decreased cell proliferation and induced apoptosis in A549 human lung carcinoma cells whereas MAG-DHA treatment did not induce apoptosis of normal bronchial epithelial BEAS-2B cells . MAG-DHA decreased NFκB activation leading to a reduction in COX-2 expression level in both A549 cells and lung adenocarcinoma tissues . Furthermore , MAG-DHA treatment increased PTEN expression and activation concomitant with a decrease in AKT phosphorylation levels and enhanced apoptosis . Lastly , MAG-DHA markedly decreased COX-2 and enhanced PTEN protein expression in tumor tissue sections . Altogether , these data provide new evidence regarding the mode of action of MAG-DHA and strongly suggest that this compound could be of clinical interest in cancer treatment . Various anti-inflammatory therapies , including dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids -LRB- PUFA -RRB- supplementation , have been investigated in cystic fibrosis -LRB- CF -RRB- patients . To further explore this nutritional approach , biological effects of an omega-3 PUFA oral liquid supplementation were measured in 17 CF patients in a double-blind , randomized , crossover without a washout period and placebo-controlled study . CF patients -LRB- age : 18 + / -9 year ; weight : 43 + / -13 kg -RRB- received a liquid dietary supplementation either enriched or not in omega-3 PUFA -LRB- 390-1170 mg/day according to patient weight -RRB- during two 6-month periods . Increase in eicosapentaenoic acid was observed in neutrophil membrane following omega-3 PUFA dietary supplementation -LRB- from 0.7 + / -0.6 to 1.6 + / -0.6 micromol % , P < 0.01 -RRB- . The leukotriene B -LRB- 4 -RRB- -LRB- LTB -LRB- 4 -RRB- -RRB- / leukotriene B -LRB- 5 -RRB- -LRB- LTB -LRB-
Various clinical practices have been found to be associated with breast-feeding problems . However , little is known about the effect of pain , obstetrical procedures and analgesia on breast-feeding behaviour . We designed a retrospective study with a questionnaire concerning pain , obstetrical procedures and breast-feeding practices mailed to 164 primiparae in Lapland . Altogether 99 mothers -LRB- 60 % -RRB- returned completed questionnaires that could be included in the analysis , which was carried out in two steps . Firstly , all accepted questionnaires were grouped according to the success or failure to breast-feed fully during the first 12 weeks of life . Secondly , an ad hoc cohort study was performed on the sub-sample of 64 mothers delivered vaginally . As many as 44 % of the 99 mothers reported partial breast feeding or formula feeding during the first 12 weeks . Older age of the mother , use of epidural analgesia and the problem of `` not having enough milk '' were associated with the failure to breast-feed fully . Caesarean section , other methods of labour analgesia and other breast-feeding problems were not associated with partial breast feeding or formula feeding . In the sub-sample , 67 % of the mothers who had laboured with epidural analgesia and 29 % of the mothers who laboured without epidural analgesia reported partial breast feeding or formula feeding -LRB- P = 0.003 -RRB- . The problem of `` not having enough milk '' was more often reported by those who had had epidural analgesia . Further studies conducted prospectively are needed to establish whether a causal relationship exists between epidural analgesia and breast-feeding problems . Epidural anesthesia is commonly administered to laboring women . Some studies have suggested that epidural anesthesia might inhibit breast-feeding . This study explores the association between labor epidural anesthesia and early breast-feeding success . Standardized records of mother-baby dyads representing 115 consecutive healthy , full-term , breast-feeding newborns delivered vaginally of mothers receiving epidural anesthesia were analyzed and compared with 116 newborns not exposed to maternal epidural anesthesia . Primary outcome was two successful breast-feeding encounters by 24 hours of age , as defined by a LATCH breast-feeding assessment score of 7 or more of 10 and a latch score of 2/2 . Means were compared with the Kruskal-Wallis test . Categorical data were compared using the Mantel-Haenszel chi-square test . Stratified analysis of potentially confounding variables was performed using Mantel-Haenszel weighted odd ratios -LRB- OR -RRB- and chi-square for evaluation of interaction . Both epidural and nonepidural anesthesia groups were similar except maternal nulliparity was more common in the epidural anesthesia group . These relations remained after stratification -LRB- weighted odds ratios in parenthesis -RRB- based on maternal age -LRB- 0.52 -RRB- , parity -LRB- 0.58 -RRB- , narcotics use in labor -LRB- 0.49 -RRB- , and first breast-feeding within 1 hour -LRB- 0.49 -RRB- . Mothers who had epidural anesthesia and who did not breast-feed within 1 hour were at high risk for having their babies receive bottle supplementation -LRB- OR 6.27 -RRB- . Labor epidural anesthesia had a negative impact on breast-feeding in the first 24 hours of life even though it did not inhibit the percentage of breast-feeding attempts in the first hour . Further studies are needed to elucidate the exact nature of this association . The aim of the present study was to examine suckling-related plasma levels of oxytocin and prolactin in early and established lactation and to correlate hormone profiles to success of lactation performance . Fifty-five primiparous women participated in the study . From each , 18 blood samples were drawn in connection with breast-feeding on day 4 post partum and after 3-4 months . Oxytocin and prolactin levels were determined with radio-immunoassay . Basal levels of both hormones were significantly higher 4 days post partum than 3-4 months later and after weaning . Basal prolactin levels fell significantly within 24 h of weaning . Oxytocin and prolactin levels rose in response to breast-feeding -- an effect which persisted during the lactation period . The suckling-induced release of prolactin -- but not that of oxytocin -- was related to basal hormone levels . Basal as well as stimulated oxytocin levels obtained 4 days and 3-4 months post partum correlated significantly , indicating that each woman has an individual , characteristic level of this hormone . Milk yield did not correlate with oxytocin or prolactin levels , but prolactin levels recorded 3-4 months post partum did correlate with the remaining period of breast-feeding . In addition , mothers who breast-fed exclusively 3-4 months post partum had significantly higher oxytocin and prolactin levels than those who gave supplementary feed . There was a significant correlation between oxytocin levels at 4 days and birth weight of the infant .
This study was undertaken to find out the incidence of rectal prolapse . Ninety-nine patients operated on for rectal prolapse at Jyväskylä Central Hospital were studied . Patients operated between 1988 and 1998 were studied retrospectively from hospital records using chart review and thirty-five patients operated on between 1999 and 2002 were studied prospectively using our proctologic database . The annual incidence of diagnosed complete rectal prolapse in the district of Central Finland was mean 2.5 -LRB- range , 0.79-6.08 -RRB- per 100 000 population . There were ten men -LRB- 10 percent -RRB- and 89 women -LRB- 90 percent -RRB- . Median age of the patients was 69 -LRB- range , 21-91 -RRB- years . Forty-eight percent of the patients had concomitant cardiovascular disease and 15 percent psychiatric illness . Anal incontinence affecting quality of life was seen in 64 percent and constipation in 72 percent of patients . Constipation tended to be more attributed to difficult evacuation -LRB- 72 percent -RRB- than to impaired bowel action -LRB- 18 percent -RRB- . The annual incidence of rectal prolapse is 2.5 per 100 000 population . Rectal prolapse is associated with anal incontinence and constipation in majority of patients . The problem of complete rectal prolapse is formidable , with no clear predominant treatment of choice . Surgical management is aimed at restoring physiology by correcting the prolapse and improving continence and constipation with acceptable mortality and recurrence rates . Abdominal procedures are ideal for young fit patients , whereas perineal procedures are reserved for older frail patients with significant comorbidity . Laparoscopic procedures with their advantages of early recovery , less pain , and possibly lower morbidity are recently added options . Regardless of the therapy chosen , matching the surgical selection to the patient is essential . To review the present status of the surgical treatment of rectal prolapse . Literature review using MEDLINE . All articles reporting on rectopexy were included . Articles reporting on prospective and retrospective comparisons were included . Case reports were excluded , as were studies comparing data with historical controls . The results were tabulated to show outcomes of different studies and were compared . Studies that did not report some of the outcomes were noted as `` not stated . '' Suture and mesh rectopexy produce equivalent results . However , the polyvinyl alcohol -LRB- Ivalon -RRB- sponge rectopexy is associated with an increased risk of infectious complications and has largely been abandoned . The advantage of adding a resection to the rectopexy seems to be related to less constipation . Laparoscopic rectopexy has similar results to open rectopexy but has all of the advantages related to laparoscopy . Perineal procedures are better suited to frail elderly patients with extensive comorbidity . Suture and mesh rectopexy are still popular with many surgeons-the choice depends on the surgeon 's experience and preference . Similarly , the procedure may be done through a laparoscope or by laparotomy . Perineal procedures are preferable for patients who are not fit for abdominal procedures , such as elderly frail patients with significant comorbidities . The decision between perineal rectosigmoidectomy and Delorme procedures will depend on the surgeon 's preference , although the perineal rectosigmoidectomy has better outcomes . Laparoscopic ventral mesh rectopexy for rectal prolapse has been widely used over the past decade to reduce postoperative functional bowel disorders . We aimed to compare changes in functional outcome 12 months after laparoscopic ventral mesh rectopexy versus laparoscopic posterior sutured rectopexy in patients with rectal prolapse . In this double-blind , randomised trial , consecutive patients aged 18 years or older at a single centre in Denmark with full-thickness rectal prolapse were randomly assigned -LRB- 1:1 -RRB- to either laparoscopic ventral mesh rectopexy or laparoscopic posterior sutured rectopexy by drawing numbers from opaque envelopes , in blocks of four for patients with or without preoperative constipation . Functional assessment was done preoperatively and 12 months postoperatively . The primary outcome was preoperative-to-postoperative change in obstructed defecation syndrome -LRB- ODS -RRB- score . Patients and those assessing the outcomes were masked to the procedure . The primary analysis was done in the per-protocol population . Safety outcomes were assessed in the entire cohort . The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT00946205 . From Nov 1 , 2006 , to Jan 31 , 2014 , 75 consecutive patients were assigned to laparoscopic posterior sutured rectopexy -LRB- n = 37 -RRB- or laparoscopic ventral mesh rectopexy -LRB- n = 38 -RRB- . Eight patients withdrew consent to follow-up , leaving 34 patients in the posterior sutured rectopexy group and 33 in the ventral mesh rectopexy groups for the primary analysis . The preoperative-to-postoperative reduction in ODS score was 1 · 97 -LRB- 95 % CI 0 · 01 to 3 · 93 -RRB- in patients who received ventral mesh rectopexy and 2 · 18 -LRB- -0 · 14 to 4 · 49 -RRB- in those who received posterior sutured rectopexy -LRB- difference -0 · 21 -LSB- -3 · 19 to 2 · 78 -RSB- ; p = 0 · 890 -RRB- . Postoperative surgical complications of Clavien-Dindo grade II or worse were reported in one -LRB- 3 % -RRB- of 38 patients in the ventral mesh rectopexy group -LRB- ureteral injury resulting in urine leakage , and a psoas abscess -RRB- and one -LRB- 3 % -RRB- of 37 patients in the posterior sutured rectopexy group -LRB- haematoma and pelvic abscess -RRB- . Two -LRB- 5 % -RRB- patients in the posterior sutured rectopexy group developed recurrence within 12 months compared with none in the ventral mesh rectopexy group -LRB- p = 0 · 305 -RRB- . Functional outcome measured by preoperative-to-postoperative change in ODS score was not significantly superior in patients who underwent ventral mesh rectopexy compared with those who had posterior sutured rectopexy . Additional , large , randomised , multicentre studies with long-term outcomes are warranted . None . Rectal prolapse is a profoundly disabling
Serum polychlorinated biphenyls -LRB- PCBs -RRB- in Anniston , AL , residents have been associated with hypertension and diabetes . There have been no systematic interventions to reduce PCB body burdens in Anniston or other populations . Our objective was to determine the efficacy of 15 g/day of dietary olestra to reduce PCBs in Anniston residents . Blood PCBs and 1,1-bis - -LRB- 4-chlorophenyl -RRB- -2,2-dichloroethene were measured at baseline and 4-month intervals in a double-blind , placebo-controlled , 1-year trial . Participants with elevated serum PCBs were randomized into two groups of 14 and received potato crisps made with olestra or vegetable oil -LRB- VO -RRB- . Elimination rates during the study period were compared with 5-year prestudy rates . Eleven participants in the olestra group and 12 in the VO group completed the study . Except for one participant in the VO group , reasons for dropout were unrelated to treatments . There was no significant time by group interaction in change from baseline . However , group main effects for total PCBs and PCB 153 were of borderline significance . This pilot study has demonstrated that olestra can safely reduce body burdens of PCBs and supports a larger intervention trial that may also determine whether reduction in PCBs will reduce the risk of hypertension and diabetes .
To assess whether intraarticular corticosteroids improve the outcome of a comprehensive home exercise programme in patients with adhesive capsulitis . The study was undertaken in the Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation Department of a Ministry of Health hospital in Turkey . Eighty patients with adhesive capsulitis were enrolled in the study . The patients were randomly assigned to two groups : Group 1 patients were given intraarticular corticosteroid -LRB- 1 mL , 40 mg methylprednisolone acetate -RRB- followed by a 12-week comprehensive home exercise programme . The outcome parameters were Shoulder Pain and Disability Index and University of California-Los Angeles end-result scores , night pain and shoulder passive range of motion . Mean actual changes in abduction range of motion , Shoulder Pain and Disability Index-total score and Shoulder Pain and Disability Index-pain score were statistically different between the two groups at the second week , with the better scores determined in group 1 . However , there were no significant differences between the groups at the 12th week . Medians of University of California-Los Angeles scores in the second week were significantly different between the two groups -LRB- P = 0.02 -RRB- , with better scores in group 1 ; however , the difference in 12th week scores was insignificant . Intraarticular corticosteroids have the additive effect of providing rapid pain relief , mainly in the first weeks of the exercise treatment period . In patients with adhesive capsulitis who have pain symptom predominantly , intraarticular corticosteroid therapy could be advised concomitantly with exercise . To compare the efficacy of a single intraarticular corticosteroid injection , a supervised physiotherapy program , a combination of the two , and placebo in the treatment of adhesive capsulitis of the shoulder . Ninety-three subjects with adhesive capsulitis of < 1 year 's duration were randomized to 1 of 4 treatment groups : group 1 , corticosteroid injection -LRB- triamcinolone hexacetonide 40 mg -RRB- performed under fluoroscopic guidance followed by 12 sessions of supervised physiotherapy ; group 2 , corticosteroid injection alone ; group 3 , saline injection followed by supervised physiotherapy ; or group 4 , saline injection alone -LRB- placebo group -RRB- . All subjects were taught a simple home exercise program . Subjects were reassessed after 6 weeks , 3 months , 6 months , and 1 year . The primary outcome measure was improvement in the Shoulder Pain and Disability Index -LRB- SPADI -RRB- score . At 6 weeks , the total SPADI scores had improved significantly more in groups 1 and 2 compared with groups 3 and 4 -LRB- P = 0.0004 -RRB- . The total range of active and passive motion increased in all groups , with group 1 having significantly greater improvement than the other 3 groups . At 3 months , groups 1 and 2 still showed significantly greater improvement in SPADI scores than group 4 . There was no difference between groups 3 and 4 at any of the followup assessments except for greater improvement in the range of shoulder flexion in group 3 at 3 months . At 12 months , all groups had improved to a similar degree with respect to all outcome measures . A single intraarticular injection of corticosteroid administered under fluoroscopy combined with a simple home exercise program is effective in improving shoulder pain and disability in patients with adhesive capsulitis . Adding supervised physiotherapy provides faster improvement in shoulder range of motion . When used alone , supervised physiotherapy is of limited efficacy in the management of adhesive capsulitis . Oral and intra-articular injections of cortisone will lead to significant improvement and comparable results in the treatment of adhesive capsulitis of the shoulder . In a prospective randomized evaluation , 40 patients with idiopathic adhesive capsulitis of the shoulder were treated with an oral corticoid treatment regimen or 3 intra-articular injections of corticosteroids . Follow-up was after 4 , 8 , and 12 weeks , and 6 and 12 months . For the clinical evaluation , the Constant-Murley -LRB- CM -RRB- score , the Simple Shoulder Test -LRB- SST -RRB- and visual analog scales -LRB- VAS -RRB- for pain , function , and satisfaction were used . In the patients treated with oral glucocorticoids , significant improvements were found for the CM score -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- , SST -LRB- P = .035 -RRB- , VAS -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- , and range of motion -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- at the 4-week follow-up . The patients treated with an intra-articular glucocorticoid injection series also significantly improved in the CM score -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- , SST -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- , the VAS -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- , and range of motion -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- after 4 weeks . These results were confirmed at all other follow-up visits . Superior results were found for intra-articular injections in range of motion , CM score , SST , and patient satisfaction -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- . Differences in the VAS for pain and function were not significant -LRB- P > .05 -RRB- . The use of cortisone in the treatment of idiopathic shoulder adhesive capsulitis leads to fast pain relief and improves range of motion . Intra-articular injections of glucocorticoids showed superior results in objective shoulder scores , range of motion , and patient satisfaction compared with a short course of oral corticosteroids . Micronized dehydrated human amnion/chorion membrane -LRB- μ-dHACM -RRB- is derived from donated human placentae and has anti-inflammatory , low immunogenic and anti-fibrotic properties . The objective of this study was to quantitatively assess the efficacy of μ-dHACM as a disease modifying intervention in a rat model of osteoarthritis -LRB- OA -RRB- . It was hypothesized that intra-articular injection of μ-dHACM would attenuate OA progression . Lewis rats underwent medial meniscal transection -LRB- MMT -RRB- surgery to induce OA . Twenty four hours post-surgery , μ-dHACM or saline was injected intra-articularly into the rat joint . Naïve rats also
Quick icing has been reported as an easy and satisfactory method for facilitating muscle activity , even though the duration of stimulus is brief . The experiments described here attempted to evaluate whether application of ice to a limb for a short time could significantly alter the temperature of the skin to which the ice was applied and consequently lower the temperature of the underlying muscle . Normal subjects were used for the experiments and skin temperatures were measured at 30-second intervals after the completion of quick icing procedures . A 7 °C -LRB- mean -RRB- decrease of skin temperature was recorded during the first minute after icing , and skin temperatures remained significantly depressed during the next 4 minutes . It is proposed that this depression of skin temperature would be a sufficient stimulus to alter the excitability of spinal motor-neurons , in a manner similar to the excitability changes that occur when a limb is immersed in an ice-water bath . This study was done to determine the effects of a 30-minute cold water bath on intramuscular temperature and plantar flexion strength , immediately after treatment and during a 3-hour posttreatment recovery period . Twenty persons were tested twice , receiving treatment once and serving as controls once . Measurements were taken prior to the treatment period , immediately after treatment and then every 30 minutes for 3 hours . The dominant leg was submerged in water at 10 C for 30 minutes . Plantar flexion strength was measured with a cable tensiometer and intramuscular temperature was measured with a hypodermic thermistor probe . Intramuscular temperature significantly decreased immediately posttreatment on the experimental days and then increased significantly during the recovery period . Significant increases in strength were noted during the recovery period . A definite relationship exists between intramuscular temperature and plantar flexion strength . The purposes of this study were to evaluate and compare the ability of wet ice -LRB- WI -RRB- , dry ice -LRB- DI -RRB- , and cryogenic packs -LRB- CGPs -RRB- to reduce and maintain the reduction of skin temperature directly under the cooling agent and to determine whether the cooling effect on skin extended beyond the surface area in contact with the cooling agent . Ten female volunteers participated in the study , and each of the three cold modalities was applied randomly to the skin overlying the right triceps surae muscle . After 15 minutes of cold application , mean skin temperatures recorded under WI , DI , and CGP decreased 12 degrees , 9.9 degrees , and 7.3 degrees C , respectively . The only significant differences in cooling were between WI and DI and between WI and CGP . Fifteen minutes after removal of the cold modalities , no significant differences were found in mean skin temperature between WI , DI , and CGP . The residual mean decrease in skin temperature between the pretreatment rest interval -LRB- time 0 -RRB- and 15 minutes after removal of the cold modality -LRB- time 30 -RRB- was significant for WI only . No cooling was demonstrated 1 cm proximal or distal to any of the cooling agents after 15 minutes of cold application . These findings provide valuable information for the use of cryotherapy in the clinical setting . To compare the localized skin-cooling effects of 2 cryotherapy modalities and to review the clinical relevance of the results . Randomized controlled trial with repeated measures . Laboratory experiment . Convenience sample of 20 volunteers -LRB- 13 women , 7 men -RRB- , ages 21.3 to 44 years -LRB- mean , 31.3 + / - 6.8 y -RRB- . A flexible frozen gel pack , a 454 g packet of frozen peas , or a control applied to the anterior thigh . No blinding was undertaken . Surface skin temperature under the modality at baseline and 10 and 20 minutes after application . Significant effects were recorded for modality -LRB- F -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 290.56 , P < .0001 -RRB- , time -LRB- F -LRB- 1.27 -RRB- = 1868.07 , P < .0001 -RRB- , and their interaction -LRB- F -LRB- 2.09 -RRB- = 305.47 , P < .0001 -RRB- . After 20 minutes , frozen peas produced the lowest mean skin temperature + / - standard deviation of 10.8 degrees C + / - 2.28 degrees C compared with 14.4 degrees C + / - 2.53 degrees C from the gel pack and 26.1 degrees C + / - 1.75 degrees C from the control . Skin temperature fell between both time periods with the application of frozen peas but stabilized after 10 minutes of gel pack and control application . Application of frozen peas produced mean skin temperatures adequate to induce localized skin analgesia , to reduce nerve conduction velocity , and to reduce metabolic enzyme activity to clinically relevant levels . Flexible frozen gel packs did not cool skin sufficiently to achieve these levels . A sports injury research laboratory . Forty-seven volunteers with anterior thigh skinfold measurement of less than 40 mm . Topical cryotherapy -LRB- 750g crushed-ice bag -RRB- to the anterior thigh to produce a typical cooling effect , defined as IM temperature at 1 cm subadipose declining by 7 degrees C. Cryotherapy treatment duration required to produce a standardized cooling effect in subjects with differing subcutaneous adipose thickness . Analysis of variance revealed that mean time to cool IM tissues by 7 degrees C differed across all groups , with cooling time increasing as adipose thickness increased . The mean + / - standard deviation cooling times were as follows : 31-40mm -LRB- 58.6 + / -11.7 min -RRB- , 21-30mm -LRB- 37.8 + / -9.6 min -RRB- , 11-20mm -LRB- 23.3 + / -6.7 min -RRB- , and 0-10mm -LRB- 8.0 + / -3.4 min -RRB- . During cold application , there is a clinically important direct relationship between adipose thickness and required cooling time . This relationship necessitates dramatic adjustments to
d-Amphetamine coupled with behavioral training has been effective for improving functional recovery after stroke . d-amphetamine acts on multiple brain transmitter systems , but the recovery enhancing effect has been attributed to its noradrenergic actions . Another potent modulator of learning is dopamine , which may also enhance stroke recovery in humans . Based on data from previous studies of our group , we compared the learning enhancing effects of d-amphetamine with a more selective dopaminergic substance -LRB- levodopa -RRB- in identical protocols . Using a prospective , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled design , we had taught 60 male healthy subjects a miniature lexicon of 50 concrete nouns over the course of five consecutive training days using an associative learning principle . Subjects had received either d-amphetamine -LRB- 0.25 mg/kg -RRB- , levodopa/carbidopa -LRB- fixed dose of 100/25 mg -RRB- , or placebo 90 min prior to training on each of the 5 days . Novel word learning was significantly enhanced in both the d-amphetamine and levodopa groups as compared to the placebo group . The learning superiority was maintained at the two re-assessments -LRB- 1 week and 1 month post training -RRB- . Both d-amphetamine and levodopa are thus potent drugs in enhancing learning in humans . Endogenous dopamine plays a central role in salience coding during associative learning . Administration of the dopamine precursor levodopa enhances learning in healthy subjects and stroke patients . Because levodopa increases both phasic and tonic dopaminergic neurotransmission , the critical mechanism mediating the enhancement of learning is unresolved . We here probed how selective tonic dopaminergic stimulation affects associative learning . Forty healthy subjects were trained in a novel vocabulary of 45 concrete nouns over the course of 5 consecutive training days in a prospective , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled design . The dopamine agonist significantly impaired novel word learning compared to placebo . This learning decrement persisted up to the last follow-up 4 weeks post-training . Subjects treated with pergolide also showed restricted emotional responses compared to the PLACEBO group . The extent of ` flattened ' affect with pergolide was related to the degree of learning inhibition . These findings suggest that tonic occupation of dopamine receptors impairs learning by competition with phasic dopamine signals .
The inhibition of the renin-angiotensin system has demonstrated both experimental and clinical effects in preventing atrial fibrillation . However , there is still uncertainty about the role of these drugs in clinical practice . The objective of this review has been to assess the effects of angiotensin II type-1 receptor blockers -LRB- ARBs -RRB- and/or angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors -LRB- ACEIs -RRB- for preventing atrial fibrillation . We searched the Cochrane controlled Trials Register -LRB- Cochrane Library Issue 4 , 2002 -RRB- , MEDLINE -LRB- January 1980 to November 2003 -RRB- , EMBASE -LRB- January 1980 to November 2003 -RRB- and reference list of articles . We also contacted manufacturers and researchers in the field . We conducted a meta-analysis of all randomized controlled clinical trials that compared ARBs and/or ACEIs with either placebo or conventional therapy in patients with either hypertension , heart failure , ischemic heart disease , or diabetes mellitus . The pooled outcome was the development of new onset atrial fibrillation . Two reviewers independently assessed trial quality and extracted data . In some cases , the study authors were contacted for additional information . Seven trials involving a total of 24,849 patients were included -LRB- 11,328 randomized to active therapy and 13,521 to control -RRB- . There was a significant statistical difference in the pooled development of atrial fibrillation between the treatment and control group . -LRB- OR , 0.57 ; 95 % CI , 0.39 to 0.82 -RRB- ; test for overall effect z = 2.98 P = 0.003 -RRB- . Treatment with ACEIs/ARBs markedly reduces the risk of development or recurrence of atrial fibrillation . Angiotensin-converting-enzyme inhibitors improve the outcome among patients with left ventricular dysfunction , whether or not they have heart failure . We assessed the role of an angiotensin-converting-enzyme inhibitor , ramipril , in patients who were at high risk for cardiovascular events but who did not have left ventricular dysfunction or heart failure . A total of 9297 high-risk patients -LRB- 55 years of age or older -RRB- who had evidence of vascular disease or diabetes plus one other cardiovascular risk factor and who were not known to have a low ejection fraction or heart failure were randomly assigned to receive ramipril -LRB- 10 mg once per day orally -RRB- or matching placebo for a mean of five years . The trial was a two-by-two factorial study evaluating both ramipril and vitamin E . The effects of vitamin E are reported in a companion paper . Treatment with ramipril reduced the rates of death from cardiovascular causes -LRB- 6.1 percent , as compared with 8.1 percent in the placebo group ; relative risk , 0.74 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- , myocardial infarction -LRB- 9.9 percent vs. 12.3 percent ; relative risk , 0.80 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- , stroke -LRB- 3.4 percent vs. 4.9 percent ; relative risk , 0.68 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- , death from any cause -LRB- 10.4 percent vs. 12.2 percent ; relative risk , 0.84 ; P = 0.005 -RRB- , revascularization procedures -LRB- 16.3 percent vs. 18.8 percent ; relative risk , 0.85 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- , cardiac arrest -LRB- 0.8 percent vs. 1.3 percent ; relative risk , 0.62 ; P = 0.02 -RRB- , -LSB- corrected -RSB- heart failure -LRB- 9.1 percent vs. 11.6 percent ; relative risk , 0.77 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- , and complications related to diabetes -LRB- 6.4 percent vs. 7.6 percent ; relative risk , 0.84 ; P = 0.03 -RRB- .
Integrated treatment services are the gold standard for addressing co-occurring mental and substance use disorders , yet they are not readily available . The Network for the Improvement of Addiction Treatment -LRB- NIATx -RRB- was hypothesized to be an effective strategy to implement and sustain integrated mental health and substance use care in addiction treatment programs . This study examined sustainment of integrated services for up to 2 years after the active implementation phase . The effectiveness of NIATx strategies to implement and sustain integrated services was evaluated by using a cluster-randomized , waitlist control group design . Forty-nine addiction treatment organizations were randomly assigned to either NIATx1 -LRB- active implementation strategy -RRB- or NIATx2 -LRB- waitlist control -RRB- . The Dual Diagnosis Capability in Addiction Treatment Index was used to evaluate organizations ' capability to provide integrated care . The NIATx Stages of Implementation Completion scale was used to assess participation in and adherence to the NIATx implementation process . Linear mixed-effects modeling was used to evaluate changes from baseline to end of the sustainment period . Both cohorts sustained their capability to provide integrated treatment services . Both groups achieved successful implementation and sustained integrated services to a similar degree , regardless of sustainment year . The delivery of integrated treatment services was sustained for 2 years after receipt of active implementation support . Future research should consider how contextual factors may predict , mediate , and moderate sustainment outcomes . The best approach to provide comprehensive care for individuals with co-occurring disorders -LRB- CODs -RRB- related to substance use and mental health is to address both disorders through an integrated treatment approach . However , only 25 % of behavioral health agencies offer integrated care and less than 7 % of individuals who need integrated treatment receive it . A project used a cluster-randomized waitlist control group design to evaluate the effectiveness of Network for the Improvement of Addiction Treatment -LRB- NIATx -RRB- implementation strategies to improve access to addiction and psychotropic medications . This study represents a secondary analysis of data from the NIATx project . Forty-nine agencies were randomized to Cohort1 -LRB- active implementation group , receiving the NIATx strategy -LSB- n = 25 -RSB- -RRB- or Cohort2 -LRB- waitlist control group -LSB- n = 24 -RSB- -RRB- . Data were collected at three time points -LRB- Baseline , Year1 and Year2 -RRB- . A two-level -LRB- patient within agency -RRB- multinomial logistic regression model investigated the effects of implementation strategy condition on one of four medication outcomes : both medication types , only psychotropic medication , only addiction medication , or neither medication type . A per-protocol analysis included time , NIATx fidelity , and agency focus as predictors . Changes were associated with the experimental intervention and occurred in the transition from Year 1 to Year 2 , where greater increases were seen for agencies in Cohort2 versus Cohort1 . The per-protocol analysis showed increased access to both medications and addiction medications from pre - to post-intervention for agencies in both cohorts ; however , differences in change between high - and low-implementation agencies were not significant . Access to integrated services for people with CODs is a long-standing problem . NIATx implementation strategies had limited effectiveness in improving medication access for individuals with CODs . Implementation strategy adherence is associated with increased medication access .
To estimate changes in coronary risk factors and their implications for coronary heart disease -LRB- CHD -RRB- rates in men starting highly active antiretroviral therapy -LRB- HAART -RRB- . Men participating in the Swiss HIV Cohort Study with measurements of coronary risk factors both before and up to 3 years after starting HAART were identified . Fractional polynomial regression was used to graph associations between risk factors and time on HAART . Mean risk factor changes associated with starting HAART were estimated using multilevel models . A prognostic model was used to predict corresponding CHD rate ratios . Of 556 eligible men , 259 -LRB- 47 % -RRB- started a nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor -LRB- NNRTI -RRB- and 297 a protease inhibitor -LRB- PI -RRB- based regimen . Levels of most risk factors increased sharply during the first 3 months on HAART , then more slowly . Increases were greater with PI - than NNRTI-based HAART for total cholesterol -LRB- 1.18 vs. 0.98 mmol L -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- , systolic blood pressure -LRB- 3.6 vs. 0 mmHg -RRB- and BMI -LRB- 1.04 vs. 0.55 kg m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- but not HDL cholesterol -LRB- 0.24 vs. 0.32 mmol L -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- or glucose -LRB- 1.02 vs. 1.03 mmol L -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- . Predicted CHD rate ratios were 1.40 -LRB- 95 % CI 1.13-1.75 -RRB- and 1.17 -LRB- 0.95-1.47 -RRB- for PI - and NNRTI-based HAART respectively . Coronary heart disease rates will increase in a majority of patients starting HAART : however the increases corresponding to typical changes in risk factors are relatively modest and could be offset by lifestyle changes . Plasma soluble inflammatory molecules are associated with the risk of ischaemic cardiovascular events . We investigated whether HIV replication modified the levels of these proteins in a combination antiretroviral therapy -LRB- cART -RRB- interruption trial . In 145 HIV-infected Thai patients -LRB- 62 % women , median CD4 cell count 271 cells/microl , median plasma HIV-RNA 4.66 log10 copies/ml -RRB- included in the Swiss-Thai-Australia Treatment Interruption Trial -LRB- STACCATO -RRB- trial , leptin , adiponectin , C-reactive protein , soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 -LRB- s-VCAM-1 -RRB- , P-selectin , chemokine ligand 2 , chemokine ligand 3 , interleukin -LRB- IL -RRB- -6 , IL-10 , granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor and D-dimer were measured before cART was initiated , after cART had suppressed HIV replication to less than 50 copies/ml plasma -LRB- median 8 months -RRB- and again 12 weeks after randomization to continued cART -LRB- n = 48 -RRB- or interrupted cART -LRB- n = 97 -RRB- . Multiple linear regression and logistic regression were used to investigate the association between each cardiovascular marker and plasma HIV-RNA . Initiation of cART resulted in significant declines in s-VCAM-1 , P-selectin , leptin and D-dimer , whereas mediators with anti-inflammatory properties , such as adiponectin and IL-10 , increased . At 12 weeks after randomization , we found positive associations between levels of s-VCAM-1 and chemokine ligand 2 with an increase in plasma HIV-RNA -LRB- r = 0.271 , P = 0.001 and r = 0.24 , P = 0.005 , respectively -RRB- , whereas levels of adiponectin decreased for each 1 log increase in plasma HIVRNA -LRB- r = -0.24 , P = 0.002 -RRB- . Detectable IL-10 was less likely -LRB- odds ratio = 0.64 , 95 % confidence interval = 0.43-0.96 -RRB- for each 1 log increase in plasma HIV-RNA . Plasma levels of several inflammatory , anti-inflammatory and endothelial activation markers of cardiovascular disease are associated with HIV-RNA replication . The objective of this study was to examine the association of Joint National Committee -LRB- JNC-V -RRB- blood pressure and National Cholesterol Education Program -LRB- NCEP -RRB- cholesterol categories with coronary heart disease -LRB- CHD -RRB- risk , to incorporate them into coronary prediction algorithms , and to compare the discrimination properties of this approach with other noncategorical prediction functions . This work was designed as a prospective , single-center study in the setting of a community-based cohort . The patients were 2489 men and 2856 women 30 to 74 years old at baseline with 12 years of follow-up . During the 12 years of follow-up , a total of 383 men and 227 women developed CHD , which was significantly associated with categories of blood pressure , total cholesterol , LDL cholesterol , and HDL cholesterol -LRB- all P < .001 -RRB- . Sex-specific prediction equations were formulated to predict CHD risk according to age , diabetes , smoking , JNC-V blood pressure categories , and NCEP total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol categories . The accuracy of this categorical approach was found to be comparable to CHD prediction when the continuous variables themselves were used . After adjustment for other factors , approximately 28 % of CHD events in men and 29 % in women were attributable to blood pressure levels that exceeded high normal -LRB- > or = 130/85 -RRB- . The corresponding multivariable-adjusted attributable risk percent associated with elevated total cholesterol -LRB- > or = 200 mg/dL -RRB- was 27 % in men and 34 % in women . Recommended guidelines of blood pressure , total cholesterol , and LDL cholesterol effectively predict CHD risk in a middle-aged white population sample . A simple coronary disease prediction algorithm was developed using categorical variables , which allows physicians to predict multivariate CHD risk in patients without overt CHD . Epidemiologic and clinical trials show that elevated triglycerides and low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol -LRB- HDL-C -RRB- are independent risk factors for coronary heart disease -LRB- CHD -RRB- . However , adjustment for covariates frequently weakens or abolishes the predictive significance of triglycerides , whereas the evidence for HDL-C is more consistently strong . Data indicate that there is a 2 % to 3 % decrease in coronary risk for each 1 mg/dL increase in HDL-C , whereas the benefit of triglyceride lowering appears to occur largely
A recent cluster of pneumonia cases in Wuhan , China , was caused by a novel betacoronavirus , the 2019 novel coronavirus -LRB- 2019-nCoV -RRB- . We report the epidemiological , clinical , laboratory , and radiological characteristics and treatment and clinical outcomes of these patients . All patients with suspected 2019-nCoV were admitted to a designated hospital in Wuhan . We prospectively collected and analysed data on patients with laboratory-confirmed 2019-nCoV infection by real-time RT-PCR and next-generation sequencing . Data were obtained with standardised data collection forms shared by WHO and the International Severe Acute Respiratory and Emerging Infection Consortium from electronic medical records . Researchers also directly communicated with patients or their families to ascertain epidemiological and symptom data . Outcomes were also compared between patients who had been admitted to the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- and those who had not . By Jan 2 , 2020 , 41 admitted hospital patients had been identified as having laboratory-confirmed 2019-nCoV infection . Most of the infected patients were men -LRB- 30 -LSB- 73 % -RSB- of 41 -RRB- ; less than half had underlying diseases -LRB- 13 -LSB- 32 % -RSB- -RRB- , including diabetes -LRB- eight -LSB- 20 % -RSB- -RRB- , hypertension -LRB- six -LSB- 15 % -RSB- -RRB- , and cardiovascular disease -LRB- six -LSB- 15 % -RSB- -RRB- . Median age was 49 · 0 years -LRB- IQR 41 · 0-58 · 0 -RRB- . 27 -LRB- 66 % -RRB- of 41 patients had been exposed to Huanan seafood market . One family cluster was found . Dyspnoea developed in 22 -LRB- 55 % -RRB- of 40 patients -LRB- median time from illness onset to dyspnoea 8 · 0 days -LSB- IQR 5 · 0-13 · 0 -RSB- -RRB- . 26 -LRB- 63 % -RRB- of 41 patients had lymphopenia . All 41 patients had pneumonia with abnormal findings on chest CT. . Complications included acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- 12 -LSB- 29 % -RSB- -RRB- , RNAaemia -LRB- six -LSB- 15 % -RSB- -RRB- , acute cardiac injury -LRB- five -LSB- 12 % -RSB- -RRB- and secondary infection -LRB- four -LSB- 10 % -RSB- -RRB- . 13 -LRB- 32 % -RRB- patients were admitted to an ICU and six -LRB- 15 % -RRB- died . Compared with non-ICU patients , ICU patients had higher plasma levels of IL2 , IL7 , IL10 , GSCF , IP10 , MCP1 , MIP1A , and TNFα . The 2019-nCoV infection caused clusters of severe respiratory illness similar to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus and was associated with ICU admission and high mortality . Major gaps in our knowledge of the origin , epidemiology , duration of human transmission , and clinical spectrum of disease need fulfilment by future studies . Ministry of Science and Technology , Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences , National Natural Science Foundation of China , and Beijing Municipal Science and Technology Commission . Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 -LRB- SARS-CoV-2 -RRB- is the causative agent of the ongoing coronavirus disease 2019 -LRB- COVID-19 -RRB- pandemic . Alongside investigations into the virology of SARS-CoV-2 , understanding the fundamental physiological and immunological processes underlying the clinical manifestations of COVID-19 is vital for the identification and rational design of effective therapies . Here , we provide an overview of the pathophysiology of SARS-CoV-2 infection . From nascent reports describing SARS-CoV-2 , we make inferences on the basis of the parallel pathophysiological and immunological features of the other human coronaviruses targeting the lower respiratory tract - severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus -LRB- SARS-CoV -RRB- and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus -LRB- MERS-CoV -RRB- . Finally , we highlight the implications of these approaches for potential therapeutic interventions that target viral infection and/or immunoregulation .
In another prospective trial -LRB- TYNERGY -RRB- the effect on MS-related fatigue was evaluated after 12 months of treatment with natalizumab . A comprehensive Capacity for Work Questionnaire -LRB- CWQ -RRB- was used to collect data regarding number of working hours and sickness absence . The predefined intention-to-treat analysis regarding work ability did not , however , show significant results . The objective of this paper is to assess the amount of sick leave in RRMS before and after one year of natalizumab treatment and correlate it to fatigue and walking ability . This is a post-hoc analysis of the complete data from the CWQ used in the TYNERGY trial . MS patients receiving sickness benefit before start of treatment reduced their sickness benefit by an absolute change of 33 % after one year of natalizumab treatment . Younger age and improvement of walking ability correlated significantly with reduction of sick leave . This ad-hoc analysis of prospectively collected data supported our previous retrospective study and thus indicates a positive relationship between natalizumab treatment and improvement in work ability . In the single-arm , observational phase IV TYNERGY study , relapsing-remitting MS patients showed a clinically meaningful decrease in fatigue over 1 year of treatment with natalizumab . To evaluate whether fatigue improvement might be directly linked to improved depression and day-time sleepiness . Patients were assessed regarding fatigue , depression , and day-time sleepiness . The relation between changes of the two latter symptoms and changes in fatigue was analyzed . After 1 year of natalizumab treatment , the majority of patients -LRB- > 92 % -RRB- remained stable or improved in total , motor , and cognitive fatigue . Proportion of patients without depression increased by 17 % while proportions of mildly depressed patients or patients with potential major depression decreased by 5 and 12 % , respectively . Most importantly , improved depression and sleepiness were significantly related to improved fatigue .
General practitioners -LRB- GPs -RRB- deliver the majority of palliative care to patients in the last year of life . This article seeks to examine the nature of GP care , perceptions of the GPs themselves and others of that care , the adequacy of palliative care training , issues relating to accessibility of GPs to palliative care patients , and strategies that may be of use in encouraging more effective delivery of palliative care by GPs . Medline and PubMed databases from 1966 to 2000 were searched , and 135 references identified . Sixty-six of these described studies relevant to GP palliative care . GPs value this part of their work . Most of the time , patients appreciate the contribution the GP makes to palliative care particularly if the GP is accessible , takes time to listen , allows patient and carer to ventilate their feelings , and is seen to be making efforts made regarding symptom relief . However , reports from bereaved relatives suggest that palliative care is performed less well in the community than in other settings . GPs express discomfort about their competence to perform palliative care adequately . They tend to miss symptoms which are not treatable by them , or which are less common . However , with appropriate specialist support and facilities , GPs have been shown to deliver sound and effective care . GP comfort working with specialist teams increases with exposure to this form of patient management , as does the understanding of the potential other team members have in contributing to the care of the patient . Formal arrangements engaging GPs to work with specialist teams have been shown to improve functional outcomes , patient satisfaction , improve effective use of resources and improve effective physician behaviour in other areas of medicine . Efforts by specialist services to develop formal involvement of GPs in the care of individual patients , may be an effective method of improving GP palliative care skills and appreciation of the roles specialist services can play . Family physicians were asked about their recent experience with caring for dying patients at home and for their evaluation of a recently established Palliative Care Home Support Team . Ninety-four percent of the respondents had cared for at least one dying patient at home during the previous 2 years . About two thirds felt comfortable , competent , confident , supported , and in control . One quarter felt personally drained by the experience , but almost as many found it personally renewing . Of those who had referred patients to the team , two thirds gave the team high ratings for being supportive , helpful , quick to respond , and effective in communication . Patients facing serious or life-threatening illnesses account for a disproportionately large share of Medicaid spending . We examined 2004-07 data to determine the effect on hospital costs of palliative care team consultations for patients enrolled in Medicaid at four New York State hospitals . On average , patients who received palliative care incurred $ 6,900 less in hospital costs during a given admission than a matched group of patients who received usual care . These reductions included $ 4,098 in hospital costs per admission for patients discharged alive , and $ 7,563 for patients who died in the hospital . Consistent with the goals of a majority of patients and their families , palliative care recipients spent less time in intensive care , were less likely to die in intensive care units , and were more likely to receive hospice referrals than the matched usual care patients . We estimate that the reductions in Medicaid hospital spending in New York State could eventually range from $ 84 million to $ 252 million annually -LRB- assuming that 2 percent and 6 percent of Medicaid patients discharged from the hospital received palliative care , respectively -RRB- , if every hospital with 150 or more beds had a fully operational palliative care consultation team . Residents of nursing care homes for older people are highly likely to die there , making these places where palliative care is needed . The primary objective was to determine effectiveness of multi-component palliative care service delivery interventions for residents of care homes for older people . The secondary objective was to describe the range and quality of outcome measures . The grey literature and the following electronic databases were searched : Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials , Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews , Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effectiveness -LRB- all issue 1 , 2010 -RRB- ; MEDLINE , EMBASE , CINAHL , British Nursing Index , -LRB- 1806 to February 2010 -RRB- , Science Citation Index Expanded & AMED -LRB- all to February 2010 -RRB- . Key journals were hand searched and a PubMed related articles link search was conducted on the final list of articles . We planned to include Randomised Clinical Trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- , Controlled Clinical Trials -LRB- CCTs -RRB- , controlled before-and-after studies and interrupted time series studies of multi-component palliative care service delivery interventions for residents of care homes for older people . These usually include the assessment and management of physical , psychological and spiritual symptoms and advance care planning . We did not include individual components of palliative care , such as advance care planning . Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion , extracted data , and assessed quality and risk of bias . Meta analysis was not conducted due to heterogeneity of studies . The analysis comprised a structured narrative synthesis . Outcomes for residents and process of care measures were reported separately . Two RCTs and one controlled before-and-after study were included -LRB- 735 participants -RRB- . All were conducted in the USA and had several potential sources of bias . Few outcomes for residents were assessed . One study reported higher satisfaction with care and the other found lower observed discomfort in
We compared efficacy and safety of the Trevo Retriever , a new stent-like device , with its US Food and Drug Administration-cleared predecessor , the Merci Retriever . In this open-label randomised controlled trial , we recruited patients at 26 sites in the USA and one in Spain . We randomly assigned patients -LRB- 1:1 -RRB- with sequentially numbered sealed envelopes to thrombectomy with Trevo or Merci devices . Randomisation was stratified by age -LRB- ≤ 68 years vs 69-85 years -RRB- and NIHSS scores -LRB- ≤ 18 vs 19-29 -RRB- with alternating blocks of various sizes . The primary safety endpoint was a composite of procedure-related adverse events . Analyses were done by intention to treat . This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT01270867 . Between Feb 3 , 2011 , and Dec 1 , 2011 , we randomly assigned 88 patients to the Trevo Retriever group and 90 patients to Merci Retriever group . 76 -LRB- 86 % -RRB- patients in the Trevo group and 54 -LRB- 60 % -RRB- in the Merci group met the primary endpoint after the assigned device was used -LRB- odds ratio 4 · 22 , 95 % CI 1 · 92-9 · 69 ; p -LRB- superiority -RRB- < 0 · 0001 -RRB- . Incidence of the primary safety endpoint did not differ between groups -LRB- 13 -LSB- 15 % -RSB- patients in the Trevo group vs 21 -LSB- 23 % -RSB- in the Merci group ; p = 0 · 1826 -RRB- . Patients who have had large vessel occlusion strokes but are ineligible for -LRB- or refractory to -RRB- intravenous tissue plasminogen activator should be treated with the Trevo Retriever in preference to the Merci Retriever . Stryker Neurovascular . The purpose of this clinical evaluation was to assess the safety and effectiveness of the Penumbra System in the revascularization of patients presenting with acute ischemic stroke secondary to intracranial large vessel occlusive disease . In this prospective , multicenter , single-arm study , 125 patients with neurological deficits as defined by a National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score > or = 8 , presented within 8 hours of symptom onset , and an angiographic occlusion -LRB- Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction -LSB- TIMI -RSB- Grade 0 or 1 -RRB- of a treatable large intracranial vessel were enrolled . Patients who presented within 3 hours from symptom onset had to be ineligible or refractory to recombinant tissue plasminogen activator therapy . All patients were followed clinically for 90 days postprocedure . A total of 125 target vessels in 125 patients were treated by the Penumbra System . Postprocedure , 81.6 % of the treated vessels were successfully revascularized to TIMI 2 to 3 . There were 18 procedural events reported in 16 patients -LRB- 12.8 % -RRB- , 3 patients -LRB- 2.4 % -RRB- had events that were considered serious . A total of 35 patients -LRB- 28 % -RRB- were found to have intracranial hemorrhage on 24-hour CT of which 14 -LRB- 11.2 % -RRB- were symptomatic . All cause mortality was 32.8 % at 90 days with 25 % of the patients achieving a modified Rankin Scale score of < or = 2 . These results suggest the Penumbra System allows safe and effective revascularization in patients experiencing ischemic stroke secondary to large vessel occlusive disease who present within 8 hours from symptom onset .
Cryoglobulinemia refers to the presence of reversible precipitation of immunoglobulins in the blood upon exposure to reduced -LRB- body -RRB- temperature . In clinical practice , the detection and typing of cryoglobulins appear to be poorly standardized . A consensus protocol for detection and typing of cryoglobulins , as extracted from the literature , is presented . Items that require further standardization are discussed . Cryoglobulins may cause clinical symptoms due to either obstruction of the small blood vessels , in particular in the extremities that are more exposed to the cold , or vascular inflammation due to the deposition of immune complexes . Only for the latter situation , i.e. cryoglobulinemic vasculitis in the presence of mixed-type cryoglobulinemia , preliminary classification criteria have been defined . Besides the presence of cryoglobulins , at least two of three items have to be present . These items include a restricted number of self-reported clinical history , typical clinical manifestations , and specified laboratory findings . These classification criteria await further validation in an independent patient cohort . In addition to its effects in the liver , chronic hepatitis C virus -LRB- HCV -RRB- infection can have serious consequences for other organ systems . Extrahepatic manifestations include mixed cryoglobulinemia -LRB- MC -RRB- vasculitis , lymphoproliferative disorders , renal disease , insulin resistance , type 2 diabetes , sicca syndrome , rheumatoid arthritis-like polyarthritis , and autoantibody production ; reductions in quality of life involve fatigue , depression , and cognitive impairment . MC vasculitis , certain types of lymphoma , insulin resistance , and cognitive function appear to respond to anti-HCV therapy . However , treatments for HCV and other biopsychosocial factors can reduce quality of life and complicate management . HCV treatment has a high overall cost that increases when extrahepatic manifestations are considered . HCV appears to have a role in the pathogenesis of MC vasculitis , certain types of lymphoma , and insulin resistance . Clinicians who treat patients with HCV infections should be aware of potential extrahepatic manifestations and how these can impact and alter management of their patients . Hepatitis C virus -LRB- HCV -RRB- infection causes liver cancer and cirrhosis and may also increase the risk of other tumors , particularly hematopoietic malignancies and thyroid cancer . Previous studies have been too small to adequately assess these risks . To test the hypothesis that HCV infection is associated with increased risk for hematological malignancies , related lymphoproliferative disorders , and thyroid cancer . A retrospective cohort study of users of US Veterans Affairs health care facilities from 1997-2004 , which included 146,394 patients infected with HCV who had at least 2 visits with a diagnostic code for HCV infection , and 572,293 patients uninfected with HCV . To assemble the HCV-uninfected cohort , we randomly selected up to 4 patients per patient infected with HCV from all veterans who matched on age , sex , and baseline visit date and type -LRB- inpatient or outpatient -RRB- . Individuals with human immunodeficiency virus were excluded . Risks of hematopoietic malignancies , related lymphoproliferative precursor diseases , and thyroid cancer , adjusting for selection factors , race , era of military service , and use of medical services . The mean -LRB- SD -RRB- age of the patients was 52 -LRB- 8 -RRB- years , and 97 % were men . Risks for non-Hodgkin lymphoma -LRB- n = 1359 -RRB- , Waldenström macroglobulinemia -LRB- n = 165 -RRB- , and cryoglobulinemia -LRB- n = 551 -RRB- were increased with HCV infection -LRB- adjusted hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- , 1.28 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 1.12-1.45 ; adjusted HR , 2.76 ; 95 % CI , 2.01-3.79 ; and adjusted HR , 3.98 ; 95 % CI , 3.36-4.72 ; respectively -RRB- . We found no significantly increased risk for other hematological malignancies . Although thyroiditis risk was slightly increased , risk for thyroid cancer -LRB- n = 320 -RRB- was not -LRB- adjusted HR , 0.72 ; 95 % CI , 0.52-0.99 -RRB- . Adjusted P values for non-Hodgkin lymphoma , Waldenström macroglobulinemia , cryoglobulinemia , and thyroiditis were all < .0038 , the Bonferroni threshold for statistical significance considering multiple comparisons . Hepatitis C virus infection confers a 20 % to 30 % increased risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma overall , and a 3-fold higher risk of Waldenström macroglobulinemia , a low-grade lymphoma . Risks were also increased for cryoglobulinemia . These results support an etiological role for HCV in causing lymphoproliferation and causing non-Hodgkin lymphoma . Cryoglobulinemia may be found in a spectrum of disorders spanning clear-cut-B-cell neoplastic states , in which cryoprecipitation manifests as ischemic or occlusive vasculopathy , to a variety of immune complex diseases , in which vasculitis or glomerulonephritis may occur . Symptomatic cryoglobulinemia is many diseases , driven by and driving antibody-antigen responses , hepatic dysfunction , lymphoproliferation , and immune complexes . Distinguishing features that cause only some cryoglobulins to be symptomatic , elucidating the pathogenic mechanisms of HCV in cryoglobulin formation , and devising better therapies and more systematic evaluation of existing therapies are among the challenges for the future . Prognostication and classification will continue to rely on Brouet 's classification -LRB- types I , II , and III -RRB- , but additional features will probably include the presence or absence of HCV , HCV factors -LRB- genotype , titer -RRB- , coexisting infections , B-cell clone burden , host factors , and immune system interactions -LRB- B - and T-cell idiotype networks , cytokines -RRB- . Although antiviral therapy is a reasonable option for HCV-associated cryoglobulinemia , not all patients are HCV-positive , and only 60 % to 80 % of HCV-positive patients respond to IFN . In addition , not all patients tolerate IFN , and in those who do , the response is often short-lived once the treatment is discontinued . Only creative strategies , systematically studied , will provide long-awaited
Data from the USA , Australia and Europe suggest that the proportion of patients with schizophrenia prescribed an antipsychotic long-acting injection -LRB- LAI -RRB- varies from around a quarter to a third . Use of LAIs has been associated with male gender and younger age . To characterise the use of LAIs in people with schizophrenia in three clinical settings in the UK . The study used audit data from quality improvement programmes conducted by the Prescribing Observatory for Mental Health . Long-acting injections were found to be prescribed for between a quarter and a third of patients , depending on the clinical setting . Flupentixol , risperidone and zuclopenthixol were most commonly prescribed and were combined with an oral antipsychotic in half of cases , frequently constituting high-dose prescribing . The use of LAIs was not consistently associated with age , gender or ethnicity . Antipsychotic LAIs are commonly prescribed . We did not replicate previous findings with respect to demographic variables associated with their use . The aim was to evaluate a quality improvement programme designed to increase screening for the metabolic syndrome in community psychiatric patients prescribed antipsychotics . Baseline audit against evidence-based standards , followed by provision of benchmarked data and a range of change interventions , with re-audit 1 year later . At baseline , 48 assertive outreach teams across the UK submitted data on screening over the previous year for 1966 patients . At re-audit , 35 of the teams submitted data for 1516 patients . Screening for all four aspects of the metabolic syndrome -LRB- measuring blood pressure , obesity , blood glucose and plasma lipids -RRB- had increased significantly by re-audit . Clinical variables increasing the likelihood of full screening were clozapine treatment and a known diagnosis of diabetes or dyslipidaemia . The programme 's success may be partly attributed to the use of a widely-accepted audit standard , and bespoke change interventions that directly addressed barriers to screening identified by the participating clinical teams . To assess the baseline characteristics predicting poor medication adherence following a first admission for psychosis , and the impact of poor medication adherence on outcome . First-admitted subjects with psychosis -LRB- n = 65 -RRB- were assessed at 6-month intervals over a 2-year follow-up . Medication adherence was assessed using multiple sources of information . Baseline lower occupational status , alcohol misuse and the intensity of delusional symptoms and suspiciousness predicted poor medication adherence during the 2-year follow-up . Over this period , subjects with poor medication adherence presented more frequently with an episodic course of illness and were more frequently readmitted , especially with regard to involuntary readmission . In naturalistic conditions one out of two subjects with psychosis interrupts his/her treatment in the months following his/her first discharge from hospital . Therapeutic programmes aimed at improving medication adherence should be implemented early in the course of psychosis to reduce the deleterious consequences of poor medication adherence on clinical outcome . Partial adherence and nonadherence to medication continue to be problems in the treatment of patients with schizophrenia . Nonadherence to medication has a negative impact on the course of illness for these patients as is shown by data on relapse , rehospitalization , time to remission , and attempted suicide . Several factors that contribute to poor adherence have been identified and need to be taken into account when attempting to address the problem of nonadherence . These risk factors relate to the patient , his or her illness and social situation , and the physician . Among the measures that have the potential to improve adherence to medication are psychosocial interventions , psychoeducation in the form of professional , peer-to-peer or family-to-family interventions , and shared decision making . The CRIMSON -LRB- CRisis plan IMpact : Subjective and Objective coercion and eNgagement -RRB- study is an individual level , randomised controlled trial that compared the effectiveness of Joint Crisis Plans -LRB- JCPs -RRB- with treatment as usual for people with severe mental illness . The JCP is a negotiated statement by a patient of treatment preferences for any future psychiatric emergency , when he or she might be unable to express clear views . We assessed whether the additional use of JCPs improved patient outcomes compared with treatment as usual . Patients were eligible if they had at least one psychiatric admission in the previous 2 years and were on the Enhanced Care Programme Approach register . The study was done with 64 generic and specialist community mental health teams in four English mental health care provider organisations -LRB- trusts -RRB- . Hypotheses tested were that , compared with the control group , the intervention group would experience : fewer compulsory admissions -LRB- primary outcome -RRB- ; fewer psychiatric admissions ; shorter psychiatric stays ; lower perceived coercion ; improved therapeutic relationships ; and improved engagement . We stratified participants by centre . The research team but not participants nor clinical staff were masked to allocation . This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number ISRCTN11501328 . 569 participants were randomly assigned -LRB- 285 to the intervention group and 284 to the control group -RRB- . No significant treatment effect was seen for the primary outcome -LRB- 56 -LSB- 20 % -RSB- sectioned in the control group and 49 -LSB- 18 % -RSB- in the JCP group ; odds ratio 0 · 90 -LSB- 95 % CI 0 · 58-1 · 39 , p = 0 · 63 -RSB- -RRB- or any secondary outcomes , with the exception of an improved secondary outcome of therapeutic relationships -LRB- 17 · 3 -LSB- 7 · 6 -RSB- vs 16 · 0 -LSB- 7 · 1 -RSB- ; adjusted difference -1 · 28 -LSB- 95 % CI -2 · 56 to -0 · 01 , p = 0 · 049 -RSB- -RRB- . Qualitative data supported this finding . Our findings are inconsistent with two earlier JCP studies , and show that the JCP is not
A community-based , cross-sectional study to analyze the risk factors of DCAN was carried out with 455 individuals recruited from a Chinese population . Univariate analysis showed that the glucose profiles and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance were significantly associated with the DCAN outcome , respectively . Multivariable logistic regression showed that significant associations exist between glucose profile indices and DCAN , after controlling for potential confounding factors -LRB- P < 0.01 for all -RRB- in both models . Multivariable logistic regression also showed that parameters of β-cell function were associated with the DCAN outcome in the category model -LRB- P < 0.1 for all -RRB- . The glucose profile risk score was independently and significantly associated with the DCAN outcome after controlling for confounding factors -LRB- P < 0.001 and P for a trend < 0.001 -RRB- . Our observations suggest that parameters of glucose profile indices and β-cell function are significantly and independently associated with DCAN , respectively . There was a tendency toward increased glucose profile risk score with increasing prevalence of DCAN .
We examined the influence of overweight and obesity on pulmonary function , exercise tolerance , quality of life and response to pulmonary rehabilitation in COPD . 261 patients with COPD were divided into three groups : normal body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- , overweight and obese . Baseline and post rehabilitation pulmonary function , 6-min walking test -LRB- 6MWT -RRB- , endurance time during a constant workrate exercise test -LRB- CET -RRB- and St. George 's Respiratory Questionnaire -LRB- SGRQ -RRB- scores were compared between all three classes of BMI . At baseline , obese and overweight patients had less severe airflow obstruction compared to normal BMI patients . There was no baseline difference in CET performance or SGRQ scores across BMI classes and 6MWT was reduced in the presence of obesity -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- . Compared to baseline , post-rehabilitation 6MWT , CET performance and SGRQ scores improved significantly in each group -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- , but 6MWT was still significantly lower in the presence of obesity . Walking , but not cycling performance was worse in obese patients . This difference was maintained post rehabilitation despite significant improvements . Weight excess may counterbalance the effect of a better preserved respiratory function in the performance of daily activities such as walking . However , obesity and overweight did not influence the magnitude of improvement after pulmonary rehabilitation . Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- increases the risk of cardiovascular disease 2 - to 3-fold . The factors responsible for this association remain largely unknown . We analyzed data from participants , > or = 50 years of age , of the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey -LRB- n = 6629 -RRB- to determine whether C-reactive protein -LRB- CRP -RRB- and other systemic inflammatory markers are present in participants with chronic airflow obstruction and are associated with cardiac injury . Participants with severe airflow obstruction had circulating leukocyte , platelet , and fibrinogen levels that were 460 / microL -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 30 to 890 / microL -RRB- , 39 510 / microL -LRB- 95 % CI , 21 730 to 57 290 / microL -RRB- , and 41.63 mg/dL -LRB- 95 % CI , 19.87 to 63.39 mg/dL -RRB- higher , respectively , than in those without airflow obstruction . They were also 2.18 times -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.46 to 3.27 -RRB- more likely to have an elevated circulating CRP level . Moderate airflow obstruction was associated with smaller but still significant increases in these levels . Moderate and severe airflow obstruction was associated with increased occurrence of ischemic changes on electrocardiograms of participants . In the presence of both highly elevated CRP and moderate or severe airflow obstruction , the Cardiac Infarction Injury Score was 2.68 and 5.88 U higher , respectively , than in those without airflow obstruction and with low CRP , which suggests an additive effect of CRP and COPD on the risk of cardiac injury . Low-grade systemic inflammation was present in participants with moderate to severe airflow obstruction and was associated with increased risk of cardiac injury . This may in part explain the high rates of cardiovascular complications in COPD . This study was undertaken to evaluate the presence of the metabolic syndrome in COPD patients who participated in a cardiopulmonary rehabilitation program . The metabolic syndrome is characterized by the presence of abdominal obesity , atherogenic dyslipidemia , raised blood pressure , presence of insulin resistance , and prothrombotic and inflammatory states that predispose to cardiovascular diseases . Thirty-eight COPD patients -LRB- age : 66 + / - 7 years , -LSB- mean + / - SD -RSB- , FEV1 : 43 + / - 16 % predicted -RRB- and 34 control participants matched for age and gender are included in this study . The criteria for the identification of the metabolic syndrome include 3 or more of the following features : abdominal obesity -LRB- waist circumference : > 102 cm in men , > 88 cm in women -RRB- , triglycerides levels -LRB- > or = 1.69 mmol/L -RRB- , high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels -LRB- < 1.0 mmol/L in men , < 1.3 mmol/L in women -RRB- , blood pressure -LRB- > or = 130 / > or = 85 mm Hg -RRB- , and fasting glucose levels -LRB- > or = 6.1 mmol/L -RRB- . The presence of metabolic syndrome is frequent in patients with COPD who participated in a cardiopulmonary program . Hence , this population should be considered for screening for the metabolic syndrome . There is some evidence that chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- and metabolic syndrome may be related , perhaps through systemic inflammation , which is common to both . The present study involved 7,358 adults aged > or = 50 yrs from a population-based survey who underwent spirometry , a structured interview and measurement of fasting metabolic marker levels . Airflow obstruction -LRB- forced expiratory volume in 1 s/forced vital capacity ratio of less than the lower limit of normal -RRB- was present in 6.7 % , and the International Diabetes Federation metabolic syndrome criteria were met by 20.0 % . The risk of metabolic syndrome was higher in those with airflow obstruction than in those without -LRB- odds ratio -LRB- OR -RRB- 1.47 ; 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- 1.12-1.92 -RRB- , after controlling for potential confounders . Of the five components of metabolic syndrome , only central obesity was significantly associated with airflow obstruction -LRB- OR 1.43 ; 95 % CI 1.09-1.88 -RRB- after adjusting for body mass index . A similar association was observed in both never and current smokers . In this Chinese sample , airflow obstruction was associated with metabolic syndrome , and , in particular , its central obesity component . This may help explain the increased risk of cardiovascular diseases in COPD , and so could
One of the formulations of apomorphine , used in clinical practice , contains sodium edetate -LRB- EDTA -RRB- . EDTA is a chelator which indirectly prevents oxidation of apomorphine . A clinical and histologic study in four patients revealed that apomorphine with EDTA caused severe subcutaneous nodules , histologically characterized by an inflammatory infiltrate with a large amount of eosinophils , indicating a cell-mediated allergic reaction . After withdrawal of EDTA , this allergic component completely disappeared , which was accompanied clinically by less extensive nodule formation with a softer consistency . Propofol -LRB- 2 , 6-diisopropylphenol -RRB- is a potent intravenous hypnotic agent which is widely used for the induction and maintenance of anesthesia and for sedation in the intensive care unit . Propofol is an oil at room temperature and insoluble in aqueous solution . Present formulations consists of 1 % or 2 % -LRB- w/v -RRB- propofol , 10 % soybean oil , 2.25 % glycerol , and 1.2 % egg phosphatide . Disodium edetate -LRB- EDTA -RRB- or metabisulfite is added to retard bacterial and fungal growth . Propofol is a global central nervous system depressant . It directly activates GABA -LRB- A -RRB- receptors . In addition , propofol inhibits the NMDA receptor and modulates calcium influx through slow calcium ion channels . Propofol has a rapid onset of action with a dose-related hypnotic effect . Recovery is rapid even after prolonged use . Propofol decreases cerebral oxygen consumption , reduces intracranial pressure and has potent anti-convulsant properties . It is a potent antioxidant , has anti-inflammatory properties and is a bronchodilator . As a consequence of these properties propofol is being increasingly used in the management of traumatic head injury , status epilepticus , delirium tremens , status asthmaticus and in critically ill septic patients . Propofol has a remarkable safety profile . Dose dependent hypotension is the commonest complication ; particularly in volume depleted patients . Allergic complications , which may include bronchospasm , have been reported with the formulation containing metabisulfite . In addition , this formulation has been demonstrated to result in the generation of oxygen free radicals . High dose propofol infusions have been associated with the `` propofol syndrome '' ; this is a potentially fatal complication characterized by severe metabolic acidosis and circulatory collapse . This is a rare complication first reported in pediatric patients and believed to be due to decreased transmembrane electrical potential and alteration of electron transport across the inner mitochondrial membrane .
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in postmenopausal women . Follicle-stimulating hormone -LRB- FSH -RRB- shows negative associations with obesity and diabetes mellitus in postmenopausal women . We aimed to study the associations between FSH and 10-year risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease -LRB- ASCVD -RRB- in postmenopausal women . SPECT-China -LRB- the Survey on Prevalence in East China for Metabolic Diseases and Risk Factors -RRB- is a 22-site , population-based study conducted during 2014-2015 . This study included 2658 postmenopausal women . A newly developed effective tool for 10-year ASCVD risk prediction among Chinese was adopted . Regression analyses were performed to assess the relationship among FSH , 10-year ASCVD risk , and multiple cardiometabolic risk factors . These significant associations existed in subgroups with or without medication use , obesity , diabetes mellitus , hypertension , and dyslipidemia . Body mass index and waist circumference -LRB- both B -0.35 , 95 % confidence interval , -0.40 , -0.30 , <i> P </i> < 0.05 -RRB- had the largest associations of all metabolic measures , and blood pressure had the smallest association . Serum FSH levels were negatively associated with 10-year ASCVD risk in postmenopausal women . Among cardiometabolic factors , obesity indices had the largest associations with FSH . These results indicated that a low FSH might be a risk factor or a biomarker for cardiovascular disease risk in postmenopausal women .
We confirmed findings from previous studies that cellulose sulfate gel can interfere with nucleic acid amplification tests used for the detection of Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae . We therefore recommend that the effects of microbicide gels on diagnostic assays of sexually transmitted infections be established before starting up clinical studies . Topical microbicides against the human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- 1 that are nonirritating to the female genital epithelium are urgently needed to slow the heterosexual spread of HIV infection . Products that are also effective contraceptives provide additional benefits . Cellulose sulfate -LRB- CS -RRB- is a noncytotoxic antifertility agent that exhibits in vitro antimicrobial activity against sexually transmitted pathogens , including HIV . We performed a multicenter , Phase I , placebo-controlled , randomized study to evaluate the genital toxicity of CS . Two cohorts of healthy women used 3.5 ml of 6 % CS gel or 3.5 ml of K-Y Jelly , vaginally , bid , for 14 days . The first cohort was sexually abstinent , and the second cohort was sexually active . CS was associated with only a slightly higher odds ratio -LRB- OR -RRB- of symptoms of minor urogenital irritation compared to the inactive lubricant K-Y Jelly -LRB- OR = 2.02 , 95 % confidence interval = 0.90-4.53 -RRB- . In addition , there were minor shifts in some genital flora , but there was no evidence of greater inflammation as evidenced by few colposcopic findings , decreased influx of polymorphonuclear cells and minimal changes in proinflammatory cytokines . Moreover , both products appeared acceptable to most women . Product leakage was identified as more of a problem in sexually abstinent women , but less so in women using the product for sexual intercourse , as would be the case in actual practice . CS was safe for twice-daily use for 14 days . CS is appropriate for future studies in effectiveness trials . Few studies of topical microbicides have assessed their safety in HIV-infected women . We conducted this study to evaluate the safety and acceptability of 6 % cellulose sulfate -LRB- CS -RRB- gel as a vaginal microbicide in sexually abstinent and active HIV-infected women . Fifty-nine HIV-infected women were enrolled in a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study comparing 6 % CS to placebo gel used for 14 days . Sexually abstinent women applied gel once or twice daily and sexually active women used gel once daily . CS gel was safe with no reported severe or life-threatening adverse events -LRB- AE -RRB- . Thirty-nine -LRB- 66 % -RRB- of the participants experienced urogenital AE judged as probably or possibly related to gel . The majority -LRB- 51 % -RRB- of these participants reported only mild events . Fewer women -LRB- 62 % -RRB- who used CS experienced urogenital AE than those assigned to placebo gel -LRB- 70 % -RRB- -LRB- P = 0.59 -RRB- . Eleven -LRB- 19 % -RRB- women experienced intermenstrual bleeding judged to be probably or possibly related to gel use -LRB- four in the CS and seven in the placebo gel group -RRB- . This Phase I study demonstrated that CS vaginal gel was safe , well tolerated and acceptable by HIV-infected women and their male partners . Thus , further development of CS is warranted as a potential method to prevent HIV transmission and acquisition . Vaginally applied gels offer a promising approach for preventing unwanted pregnancies and sexually transmitted infections . Cellulose sulfate -LRB- CS -RRB- is a non-cytotoxic antifertility agent that also exhibits in vitro antimicrobial activity against sexually transmitted pathogens , including HIV . This was a randomized , double-blinded , Phase I study of 2.5 mL and 5.0 mL doses of 6 % CS gel . A single vaginal application of the gel followed by five consecutive daily doses was assessed for genital irritation , safety , vaginal leakage , and product acceptability compared to two controls , Conceptrol , which is a marketed contraceptive gel containing nonoxynol-9 , and K-Y jelly . The results suggest that the safety of 6 % CS was comparable to that of Conceptrol and K-Y jelly , and it may be associated with less genital irritation . The 2.5 mL dose of CS may be preferable according to the participants ' reports of leakage . All the products had similar acceptability profiles . Sodium cellulose sulfate -LRB- CS -RRB- is under development as a vaginal microbicide and spermicide . This was a Phase I , randomized , double-blind study of men to assess acceptability , safety , and degree of penile irritation of seven consecutive daily doses of CS compared to an active control containing nonoxynol-9 -LRB- Conceptrol -RRB- . The data suggest that CS gel is not more irritating to the male genitalia than Conceptrol . This , along with the minimal irritation seen in a Phase I safety study in women following 6 consecutive days of vaginal administration , suggests that CS could be used in future studies , without undue risk , where couples engage in vaginal intercourse . Male volunteers in future studies should be informed that 1 out of 24 participants in the CS group in this study experienced tingling and slight stinging for a brief time after exposure compared with 3 out of 12 in the Conceptrol group who reported similar symptoms . The spread of sexually transmitted infections -LRB- STIs -RRB- and limited methods for control of pregnancies presents high risks to the reproductive health of women . Methods controlled by women and directed toward disease prevention and contraception are needed . We report on preclinical studies of the biological properties of sodium cellulose sulfate -LRB- Ushercell -RRB- currently being developed for use as a topical contraceptive antimicrobial agent . Ushercell was evaluated with tests designed to identify its contraceptive and antimicrobial properties . Ushercell inhibits hyaluronidase -LRB- reversible ; IC50 = 1.7 mg/mL -RRB- , impairs sperm penetration of cervical mucus -LRB- approximately 70 % inhibition
Attention bias modification treatment -LRB- ABMT -RRB- is a promising novel treatment for anxiety disorders , but clinical trials have focused largely on stand-alone formats among adults . This randomized controlled trial examined the augmenting effects of threat-based ABMT on cognitive behavioral therapy -LRB- CBT -RRB- in clinically anxious youth . Sixty-three treatment-seeking children with anxiety disorder were randomly assigned to 1 of the following 3 treatment groups : ABMT + CBT ; ABMT placebo + CBT ; and CBT-alone . Participants in the 2 ABMT conditions received repeated training on dot-probe tasks either designed to shift attention away from threats -LRB- active -RRB- or designed to induce no changes in attention patterns -LRB- placebo -RRB- . Primary outcome measures were frequency and severity of anxiety symptoms as determined by a clinician using a semi-structured interview . Furthermore , only the active ABMT group showed significant reduction in self - or parent-rated anxiety symptoms . Finally , all groups showed a shift in attention patterns across the study , starting with a bias toward threat at baseline and shifting attention away from threat after treatment . Active and placebo ABMT might augment the clinical response to CBT for anxiety . This effect could arise from benefits associated with performing computer-based paradigms such as the dot-probe task . Given the absence of group differences in attention-bias changes during treatment , possible mechanisms and methodological issues underlying the observed findings are discussed . Clinical trial registration information-Augmenting Effects of ABMT on CBT in Anxious Children : A Randomized Clinical Trial ; http://clinicaltrials.gov/ ; NCT01730625 .
The role of health-related quality of life -LRB- HRQoL -RRB- and psychological variables in pulmonary arterial hypertension -LRB- PAH -RRB- progression remains poorly quantified . We aimed to investigate the relationship between disease progression in PAH patients and HRQoL and psychological characteristics . A 3-year longitudinal cohort was initiated . Patients with stable PAH -LRB- groups I-IV ineligible for angioplasty/endarterectomy -RRB- were included -LRB- n = 55 -RRB- . Standard clinical variables , including invasive haemodynamic parameters , were prospectively recorded . A battery of questionnaires was used to characterise the psychological status of patients upon study initiation , and HRQoL was quantified using the SF-36 Questionnaire every 3 months for 24 months , and then again at 36 months . Guideline-defined disease progression and progression-free survival were recorded for 36 months . Psychological distress was highly prevalent at baseline . The Physical Component Summary -LRB- PCS -RRB- and the Mental Component Summary -LRB- MCS -RRB- of the HRQoL were poor -LRB- PCS = 37.13 ± 8.18 ; MCS = 42.42 ± 10.88 -RRB- but stable over 3 years of follow-up . Among PCS subscales , Physical Functioning -LRB- PF -RRB- -LRB- p = 0.012 -RRB- was identified as being independently associated with disease progression -LRB- Cox survival model -RRB- , along with mean pulmonary arterial pressure -LRB- p = 0.003 -RRB- and cardiac output -LRB- p = 0.005 -RRB- . Depression was the unique independent psychological characteristic associated with PF -LRB- p = 0.0001 -RRB- . PAH patients have poor HRQoL . In addition to already known criteria related to disease severity , the HRQoL PF subscale is independently associated with disease progression in PAH . This may be explained by depression . Pulmonary arterial hypertension -LRB- PAH -RRB- is a rare and life-threatening disease well-marked by under diagnosis , delayed diagnosis and atypical treatments . Few data are available on the quality of life -LRB- QoL -RRB- and psychosocial characteristics of patients with PAH . Consecutive patients presenting at our Competency Centre for PAH were recruited . The aetiology , New York Heart Association -LRB- NYHA -RRB- stage , haemodynamics , 6-min walk distance -LRB- 6MWD -RRB- , delta SPO <sub> 2 </sub> -LRB- Pulse oximeter oxygen saturation ; baseline lowest value during 6-min walk test -LRB- 6MWT -RRB- , current treatments and psychological history were recorded . HRQoL , anxiety , depression and coping strategies were explored using self-administered questionnaires -LRB- SF-36 , HADS , STAI-Y , CHIP and WCC -RRB- . The HRQoL of PAH patients was poor with altered results on several scales . Anxiety and depression were high and coping was focused on medical information strategies . Multivariate analysis indicated a positive relationship between 6MWD and the Physical Composite Score for QoL -LRB- p = 0.004 -RRB- , as well as a negative relationship between delta SPO <sub> 2 </sub> and the Mental Composite Score -LRB- p = 0.02 -RRB- , irrespective of other known prognostic factors -LRB- such as haemodynamics at right heart catheterization -RRB- . Depression and Trait-Anxiety were associated with a lower physical -LRB- p = 0.001 -RRB- and mental -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- QoL , respectively . Psychological factors impact the HRQoL of treated patients . A longitudinal and qualitative study should refine these results . Clinical trial N ° : NCT01380054 .
According to the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey -LRB- NHANES -RRB- , 3.9 million of the U.S. civilian population have been infected with hepatitis C virus -LRB- HCV -RRB- , of whom 2.7 million -LRB- 74 % -RRB- have chronic infection . Hepatitis C virus infection is most common among non-Caucasian men , ages 30 to 49 years . Moreover , the prevalence of antibody to hepatitis C virus in groups not represented in the NHANES sample , such as the homeless or incarcerated , may be as high as 40 % . The age-adjusted death rate for non-A , non-B viral hepatitis increased from 0.4 to 1.8 deaths per 100,000 persons per year between 1982 and 1999 . Currently , more than one third of liver transplant candidates have HCV . Inpatient care of HCV-related liver disease has also been increasing . In 1998 , an estimated 140,000 discharges listed an HCV-related diagnosis , accounting for 2 % of discharges from non-federal acute care hospitals in the United States . The total direct health care cost associated with HCV is estimated to have exceeded $ 1 billion in 1998 . Future projections predict a 4-fold increase between 1990 and 2015 in persons at risk of chronic liver disease -LRB- i.e. , those with infection for 20 years or longer -RRB- , suggesting a continued rise in the burden of HCV in the United States in the foreseeable future .
In neonates , the validation of urinary biomarkers to diagnose acute kidney injury is a rapidly evolving field . The neonatal population poses unique challenges when assessing the collection , storage , and processing of urinary samples for biomarker analysis . Urine from a cohort of 19 hospitalized neonatal intensive care unit patients enrolled in the Preterm Erythropoietin Neuroprotection Trial -LRB- Clinical Trial NCT01378273 -RRB- was collected for biomarker analysis by indirect techniques using Fisher-brand cotton balls placed in the diapers . Fourteen urinary biomarkers were measured using commercially available kits via electrochemiluminescence on multiarray plates and compared between paired samples processed with centrifugation prior to storage versus prior to analysis . The difference between samples was within 2 % of the estimated concentration for the protein in 12 of 14 biomarkers -LRB- 86 % -RRB- , and all paired biomarker concentrations were within 4 % . The percentage error analysis did not show a difference between paired samples , with biomarker percentage errors smaller than the stated immunoassay coefficient of variance . The urinary concentrations of biomarkers were comparable between paired samples , demonstrating that indirectly collected neonatal urine samples do not require centrifugation after collection and before storage .
Of 13 thermal printing papers analyzed , 11 contained 8-17 g/kg bisphenol A -LRB- BPA -RRB- . When taking hold of a receipt consisting of thermal printing paper for 5 s , roughly 1 microg BPA -LRB- 0.2-6 microg -RRB- was transferred to the forefinger and the middle finger if the skin was rather dry and about ten times more if these fingers were wet or very greasy . This amount transferred to dry skin was neither significantly increased when taking hold of the paper at up to 10 sites , nor reduced when BPA-free paper was contacted afterwards . After 60-90 min , BPA applied to the skin as a solution in ethanol was only partially or no longer at all extractable with ethanol , whereas BPA transferred to the skin by holding thermal printer paper remained largely extractable after 2 h . This suggests that penetration of the skin depends on the conditions . Extractability experiments did not enable us to conclude whether BPA passes through the skin , but indicated that it can enter the skin to such a depth that it can no longer be washed off . If this BPA ends up in the human metabolism , exposure of a person repeatedly touching thermal printer paper for 10 h/day , such as at a cash register , could reach 71 microg/day , which is 42 times less than the present tolerable daily intake -LRB- TDI -RRB- . However , if more than just the finger pads contact the BPA-containing paper or a hand cream enhances permeability of the skin , this margin might be smaller . Bisphenol A -LRB- BPA -RRB- and 4-tertiary-octylphenol -LRB- tOP -RRB- are industrial chemicals used in the manufacture of polycarbonate plastics and epoxy resins -LRB- BPA -RRB- and nonionic surfactants -LRB- tOP -RRB- . These products are in widespread use in the United States . We measured the total -LRB- free plus conjugated -RRB- urinary concentrations of BPA and tOP in 2,517 participants > or = 6 years of age in the 2003-2004 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey using automated solid-phase extraction coupled to isotope dilution-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry . BPA and tOP were detected in 92.6 % and 57.4 % of the persons , respectively . Females had statistically higher BPA LSGM concentrations than males -LRB- p = 0.043 -RRB- . Children had higher concentrations than adolescents -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- , who in turn had higher concentrations than adults -LRB- p = 0.003 -RRB- . LSGM concentrations were lowest for participants in the high household income category -LRB- > $ 45,000 / year -RRB- . Urine concentrations of total BPA differed by race/ethnicity , age , sex , and household income . These first U.S. population representative concentration data for urinary BPA and tOP should help guide public health research priorities , including studies of exposure pathways , potential health effects , and risk assessment .
Anxiety disorders , including panic disorder with or without agoraphobia , generalized anxiety disorder , social anxiety disorder , specific phobias , and separation anxiety disorder , are the most prevalent mental disorders and are associated with immense health care costs and a high burden of disease . According to large population-based surveys , up to 33.7 % of the population are affected by an anxiety disorder during their lifetime . Substantial underrecognition and undertreatment of these disorders have been demonstrated . There is no evidence that the prevalence rates of anxiety disorders have changed in the past years . In cross-cultural comparisons , prevalence rates are highly variable . It is more likely that this heterogeneity is due to differences in methodology than to cultural influences . Anxiety disorders follow a chronic course ; however , there is a natural decrease in prevalence rates with older age . Anxiety disorders are highly comorbid with other anxiety disorders and other mental disorders . Depressive disorders were a leading cause of burden in the Global Burden of Disease -LRB- GBD -RRB- 1990 and 2000 studies . Here , we analyze the burden of depressive disorders in GBD 2010 and present severity proportions , burden by country , region , age , sex , and year , as well as burden of depressive disorders as a risk factor for suicide and ischemic heart disease . Burden was calculated for major depressive disorder -LRB- MDD -RRB- and dysthymia . A systematic review of epidemiological data was conducted . The data were pooled using a Bayesian meta-regression . Disability weights from population survey data quantified the severity of health loss from depressive disorders . These weights were used to calculate years lived with disability -LRB- YLDs -RRB- and disability adjusted life years -LRB- DALYs -RRB- . Separate DALYs were estimated for suicide and ischemic heart disease attributable to depressive disorders . Depressive disorders were the second leading cause of YLDs in 2010 . MDD accounted for 8.2 % -LRB- 5.9 % -10.8 % -RRB- of global YLDs and dysthymia for 1.4 % -LRB- 0.9 % -2.0 % -RRB- . Depressive disorders were a leading cause of DALYs even though no mortality was attributed to them as the underlying cause . MDD accounted for 2.5 % -LRB- 1.9 % -3.2 % -RRB- of global DALYs and dysthymia for 0.5 % -LRB- 0.3 % -0.6 % -RRB- . There was more regional variation in burden for MDD than for dysthymia ; with higher estimates in females , and adults of working age . Whilst burden increased by 37.5 % between 1990 and 2010 , this was due to population growth and ageing . MDD explained 16 million suicide DALYs and almost 4 million ischemic heart disease DALYs . This attributable burden would increase the overall burden of depressive disorders from 3.0 % -LRB- 2.2 % -3.8 % -RRB- to 3.8 % -LRB- 3.0 % -4.7 % -RRB- of global DALYs . GBD 2010 identified depressive disorders as a leading cause of burden . MDD was also a contributor of burden allocated to suicide and ischemic heart disease . These findings emphasize the importance of including depressive disorders as a public-health priority and implementing cost-effective interventions to reduce its burden . Please see later in the article for the Editors ' Summary . Conventional meta-analyses have shown inconsistent results for efficacy of second-generation antidepressants . We therefore did a multiple-treatments meta-analysis , which accounts for both direct and indirect comparisons , to assess the effects of 12 new-generation antidepressants on major depression . We systematically reviewed 117 randomised controlled trials -LRB- 25 928 participants -RRB- from 1991 up to Nov 30 , 2007 , which compared any of the following antidepressants at therapeutic dose range for the acute treatment of unipolar major depression in adults : bupropion , citalopram , duloxetine , escitalopram , fluoxetine , fluvoxamine , milnacipran , mirtazapine , paroxetine , reboxetine , sertraline , and venlafaxine . The main outcomes were the proportion of patients who responded to or dropped out of the allocated treatment . Analysis was done on an intention-to-treat basis . Mirtazapine , escitalopram , venlafaxine , and sertraline were significantly more efficacious than duloxetine -LRB- odds ratios -LSB- OR -RSB- 1.39 , 1.33 , 1.30 and 1.27 , respectively -RRB- , fluoxetine -LRB- 1.37 , 1.32 , 1.28 , and 1.25 , respectively -RRB- , fluvoxamine -LRB- 1.41 , 1.35 , 1.30 , and 1.27 , respectively -RRB- , paroxetine -LRB- 1.35 , 1.30 , 1.27 , and 1.22 , respectively -RRB- , and reboxetine -LRB- 2.03 , 1.95 , 1.89 , and 1.85 , respectively -RRB- . Reboxetine was significantly less efficacious than all the other antidepressants tested . Escitalopram and sertraline showed the best profile of acceptability , leading to significantly fewer discontinuations than did duloxetine , fluvoxamine , paroxetine , reboxetine , and venlafaxine . Clinically important differences exist between commonly prescribed antidepressants for both efficacy and acceptability in favour of escitalopram and sertraline . Sertraline might be the best choice when starting treatment for moderate to severe major depression in adults because it has the most favourable balance between benefits , acceptability , and acquisition cost . During the last 20 years of neuroscience research , we have witnessed a fundamental shift in the conceptualization of psychiatric disorders , with the dominant psychological and neurochemical theories of the past now complemented by a growing emphasis on developmental , genetic , molecular , and brain circuit models . Facilitating this evolving paradigm shift has been the growing contribution of functional neuroimaging , which provides a versatile platform to characterize brain circuit dysfunction underlying specific syndromes as well as changes associated with their successful treatment . Discussed here are converging imaging findings that established a rationale for testing a targeted neuromodulation strategy , deep brain stimulation , for treatment-resistant major depression . Treatment-resistant depression is a severely disabling disorder with no proven treatment options once multiple medications
CONCERT-HF -LRB- Combination of Mesenchymal and c-kit <sup> + </sup> Cardiac Stem Cells As Regenerative Therapy for Heart Failure -RRB- is a phase II trial aimed at elucidating these issues by assessing the feasibility , safety , and efficacy of transendocardial administration of autologous MSCs and CPCs , alone and in combination , in patients with HF caused by chronic ischemic cardiomyopathy -LRB- coronary artery disease and old myocardial infarction -RRB- . Using a randomized , double-blinded , placebo-controlled , multicenter , multitreatment , and adaptive design , CONCERT-HF examines whether administration of MSCs alone , CPCs alone , or MSCs + CPCs in this population alleviates left ventricular remodeling and dysfunction , reduces scar size , improves quality of life , or augments functional capacity . CONCERT-HF consists of 162 patients , 18 in a safety lead-in phase -LRB- stage 1 -RRB- and 144 in the main trial -LRB- stage 2 -RRB- . Stage 1 is complete , and stage 2 is currently randomizing patients from 7 centers across the United States . CONCERT-HF will provide important insights into the potential therapeutic utility of MSCs and CPCs , given alone and in combination , for patients with HF secondary to ischemic cardiomyopathy . URL : http://www.clinicaltrials.gov . Unique identifier : NCT02501811 .
We sought to assess the effects of sildenafil on exercise capacity and haemodynamic response to exercise in Fontan patients . We prospectively studied 27 patients with Fontan circulation -LRB- age 22.8 + / - 4.9 years -RRB- . All patients underwent a baseline exercise test with non-invasive measurement of cardiac index -LRB- CI -RRB- and pulmonary blood flow -LRB- PBF -RRB- index , and peak exercise oxygen uptake -LRB- VO -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- . After the baseline test , patients were randomly assigned to receive either a single 0.7 mg/kg body weight oral dose of sildenafil citrate -LRB- n = 18 -RRB- or no treatment -LRB- control group , n = 9 -RRB- . After 1 h of rest , all patients performed a second exercise test . All patients completed the study protocol . The dose of sildenafil ranged from 25 to 50 mg . The change in peak VO -LRB- 2 -RRB- , the primary endpoint , was greater in the sildenafil group -LRB- 9.4 + / - 5.2 % -RRB- than in the control group -LRB- 0.3 + / - 4.1 % , P < 0.05 -RRB- . In Fontan patients , oral administration of a single dose of sildenafil improves exercise capacity and haemodynamic response to exercise . We present a case of the successful use of bosentan for increased pulmonary vascular resistance -LRB- PVR -RRB- in a 10-year-old male who underwent late single ventricle surgical palliation for double-inlet left ventricle with pulmonary artery banding and a bidirectional Glenn shunt . The patient was treated with bosentan for 16 weeks , with decreases in mean pulmonary artery pressure from 23 to 16 mmHg on the right and from 31 to 21 mmHg on the left , and a decrease of the transpulmonary gradient by 7-8 mmHg . Cardiopulmonary exercise testing demonstrated an increase in peak oxygen consumption -LRB- VO2 -RRB- by 8 % and peak work rate by 10 % . Bosentan is a relatively new oral therapy option for increased PVR in patients with single ventricle physiology and bidirectional Glenn shunts .
The effect of chronic metabolic acidosis -LRB- 0.1 g / -LRB- kg . day -RRB- X 3 days -RRB- on carbohydrate metabolism was examined with the glucose-clamp technique in 16 healthy volunteers . Hyperglycemic clamp . Plasma glucose concentration is acutely raised and maintained 125 mg/dl above the basal level . Because the glucose concentration is held constant , the glucose infusion rate is an index of glucose metabolism -LRB- M -RRB- . Following NH4Cl , M decreased from 8.95 + / - 1.12 to 7.35 + / - 0.76 -LRB- P less than 0.05 -RRB- despite an increased plasma insulin concentration -LRB- I -RRB- 23 + / - 9 % , P less than 0.05 -RRB- . Consequently the M/I ratio , an index of tissue sensitivity to insulin , decreased by 32 + / - 5 % -LRB- P less than 0.005 -RRB- . Euglycemic clamp . Plasma insulin concentration is acutely raised and maintained 101 + / - 3 microU/ml above basal and plasma glucose is held constant at the fasting level by a variable glucose infusion -LRB- M -RRB- . Following NH4Cl both M and M/I decreased by 15 + / - 4 % -LRB- P = 0.005 -RRB- and 15 + / - 5 % -LRB- P = 0.01 -RRB- , respectively . Metabolic acidosis had no effect on basal -LSB- 3-3H -RSB- glucose production or the percent of decline -LRB- 91 + / - 4 % -RRB- following hyperinsulinemia . Both hyperglycemic and euglycemic clamp studies indicate that impaired glucose metabolism following metabolic acidosis results from impaired tissue sensitivity to insulin . The objective of this study was to evaluate the prospective relationship between dietary acid load , assessed with both the potential renal acid load -LRB- PRAL -RRB- and the net endogenous acid production -LRB- NEAP -RRB- scores , and type 2 diabetes risk . A total of 66,485 women from the E3N-EPIC cohort were followed for incident diabetes over 14 years . PRAL and NEAP scores were derived from nutrient intakes . HRs for type 2 diabetes risk across quartiles of the baseline PRAL and NEAP scores were estimated with multivariate Cox regression models . During follow-up , 1,372 cases of incident type 2 diabetes were validated . In the overall population , the highest PRAL quartile , reflecting a greater acid-forming potential , was associated with a significant increase in type 2 diabetes risk , compared with the first quartile -LRB- HR 1.56 , 95 % CI 1.29 , 1.90 -RRB- . The association was stronger among women with BMI < 25 kg/m2 -LRB- HR 1.96 , 95 % CI 1.43 , 2.69 -RRB- than in overweight women -LRB- HR 1.28 , 95 % CI 1.00 , 1.64 -RRB- ; statistically significant trends in risk across quartiles were observed in both groups -LRB- p trend < 0.0001 and p trend = 0.03 , respectively -RRB- . The NEAP score provided similar findings . We have demonstrated for the first time in a large prospective study that dietary acid load was positively associated with type 2 diabetes risk , independently of other known risk factors for diabetes . Our results need to be validated in other populations , and may lead to promotion of diets with a low acid load for the prevention of diabetes . Further research is required on the underlying mechanisms . To test the hypothesis that acidosis contributes to the insulin resistance of chronic renal failure -LRB- CRF -RRB- and impairs the action of insulin to decrease protein degradation , eight CRF patients were studied using the combined L - -LSB- 1-13C -RSB- leucine-euglycemic clamp technique before -LRB- acid -RRB- and after -LRB- NaHCO3 -RRB- 4 wk treatment with NaHCO3 -LRB- pH : acid 7.29 + / - 0.01 vs. NaHCO3 7.36 + / - 0.01 , P < 0.001 -RRB- . Protein degradation -LRB- PD -RRB- was estimated sequentially from the kinetics of a primed continuous infusion of L - -LSB- 1-13C -RSB- leucine in the basal state and during a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp . Insulin sensitivity was measured during the clamp . The correction of acidosis significantly increased the glucose infusion rate necessary to maintain euglycemia -LRB- acid 6.44 + / - 0.89 vs. bicarbonate 7.38 + / - 0.90 mg.kg-1 . min-1 , P < 0.01 -RRB- and significantly decreased PD in the basal state -LRB- acid 126.4 + / - 8.1 vs. bicarbonate 100.1 + / - 6.9 mumol.kg-1 . h-1 , P < 0.001 -RRB- . Hyperinsulinemia decreased PD in both studies -LRB- acid basal 126.4 + / - 8.1 vs. clamp 96.5 + / - 7.7 , P < 0.001 ; bicarbonate basal 100.1 + / - 6.9 vs. clamp 88.2 + / - 5.5 mumol.kg-1 . h-1 , P = 0.06 -RRB- , its effect being unaltered by acidosis , with a reduction of 24 % before and 12 % after the correction of acidosis . In conclusion , acidosis contributes to the insulin resistance of CRF but does not affect the action of insulin on PD . Microalbuminuria has been conclusively established as an independent cardiovascular risk factor , and there is evidence of an association between insulin resistance and microalbuminuria , the former preceding the latter in prospective studies . It has been demonstrated that even the slightest degree of metabolic acidosis produces insulin resistance in healthy humans . Many recent epidemiological studies link metabolic acidosis indicators with insulin resistance and systemic hypertension . The strongly acidogenic diet consumed in developed countries produces a lifetime acidotic state , exacerbated by excess body weight and aging , which may result in insulin resistance , metabolic syndrome , and type 2 diabetes , contributing to cardiovascular risk , along with genetic causes , lack of physical exercise , and other factors . Elevated fruits and vegetables consumption has been associated with lower diabetes incidence . Diseases featuring severe atheromatosis and elevated cardiovascular risk , such as diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney
We aimed to examine whether an association exists between the presence and extent of coronary lipid core plaques -LRB- LCPs -RRB- detected by near-infrared spectroscopy -LRB- NIRS -RRB- performed before percutaneous coronary intervention -LRB- PCI -RRB- with postprocedural myocardial infarction -LRB- MI -RRB- . NIRS was performed in the native coronary arteries of 30 patients before PCI . Angular extent of LCP , lesion segment lipid core burden index , and block chemogram were evaluated . Cardiac biomarkers were measured before and 16 to 24 hours after PCI to determine occurrence of postprocedural MI . Mean number of 2-mm yellow blocks within the stented lesion was 1.4 ± 2.1 and mean lesion lipid core burden index was 110.3 ± 99 . Using a definition of creatine kinase-MB > 1 time upper limit of normal -LRB- ULN -RRB- , > 2 times ULN , and > 3 times ULN , MI after PCI occurred in 23 % , 13 % , and 10 % of patients , respectively . Compared to patients who did not have MI after PCI , those who did had similar clinical characteristics but received more stents and had more blocks within the stented lesion . Creatine kinase-MB increase > 3 times ULN was observed in 27 % of patients with ≥ 1 yellow block versus in none of the patients without a yellow block within the stented lesion -LRB- p = 0.02 -RRB- . In conclusion , PCI of LCP-positive lesions as assessed by NIRS is associated with increased risk for MI after PCI . NIRS may allow lesion-specific risk stratification before PCI and optimization of PCI strategies for myocardial injury risk minimization . This study sought to determine whether pre-percutaneous coronary intervention -LRB- PCI -RRB- plaque characterization using near-infrared spectroscopy identifies lipid-rich plaques at risk of periprocedural myonecrosis and whether these events may be prevented by the use of a distal protection filter during PCI . Lipid-rich plaques may be prone to distal embolization and periprocedural myocardial infarction -LRB- MI -RRB- in patients undergoing PCI . Patients undergoing stent implantation of a single native coronary lesion were enrolled in a multicenter , prospective trial . Near-infrared spectroscopy and intravascular ultrasound were performed at baseline , and lesions with a maximal lipid core burden index over any 4-mm length -LRB- maxLCBI4mm -RRB- ≥ 600 were randomized to PCI with versus without a distal protection filter . The primary endpoint was periprocedural MI , defined as troponin or a creatine kinase-myocardial band increase to 3 or more times the upper limit of normal . Eighty-five patients were enrolled at 9 U.S. sites . The median -LRB- interquartile range -RRB- maxLCBI4mm was 448.4 -LRB- 274.8 to 654.4 -RRB- pre-PCI and decreased to 156.0 -LRB- 75.6 to 312.6 -RRB- post-PCI -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- . Periprocedural MI developed in 21 patients -LRB- 24.7 % -RRB- . The maxLCBI4mm was higher in patients with versus without MI -LRB- 481.5 -LSB- 425.6 to 679.6 -RSB- vs. 371.5 -LSB- 228.9 to 611.6 -RSB- , p = 0.05 -RRB- . Plaque characterization by near-infrared spectroscopy identifies lipid-rich lesions with an increased likelihood of periprocedural MI after stent implantation , presumably due to distal embolization . However , in this pilot randomized trial , the use of a distal protection filter did not prevent myonecrosis after PCI of lipid-rich plaques . Thrombus aspiration during primary PCI reduces distal embolization and improves reperfusion . This study was performed to examine if aspiration thrombectomy reduces the lipid content of acute coronary syndrome -LRB- ACS -RRB- culprit plaques . NIRS-IVUS imaging was performed in patients with an ACS at two hospitals in the US and Sweden . After establishment of TIMI 3 flow with an undersized balloon , NIRS was performed , followed by aspiration thrombectomy , followed by repeated NIRS . The same culprit segment was identified on the post-aspiration chemogram . The culprit lipid content was quantified before and after thrombectomy as the lipid core burden index -LRB- LCBI -RRB- . Aspirates were examined by histological staining for lipids , calcium , and macrophages . In 18 ACS patients -LRB- age 65 ± 11 , 61 % male -RRB- , culprit lesions were characterized by high lipid content prior to aspiration thrombectomy . Thrombectomy resulted in a 28 % reduction in culprit lesion lipid content -LRB- pre-aspiration LCBI 466 ± 141 vs. post-aspiration 335 ± 117 , P = 0.0001 -RRB- . In addition to thrombus , histological analysis of aspirates demonstrated the presence of lipids , calcium , and macrophages , indicating that fragments of atherosclerotic plaques had been aspirated . Thrombectomy aspirates both thrombus and lipid-rich fragments of the culprit atherosclerotic plaques , thereby reducing material that may embolize during stenting . Reduction of lipid content before stenting might contribute to the beneficial effects of thrombectomy and may be particularly useful if a large lipid core is present at the culprit site .
Both angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors -LRB- ACEIs -RRB- and angiotensin receptor blockers -LRB- ARBs -RRB- can slow the progression of diabetic nephropathy . Even with ACEI or ARB treatment , the proportion of patients who progress to end-stage renal disease -LRB- ESRD -RRB- remains high . Interventions that achieve more complete blockade of the renin-angiotensin system , such as combination ACEI and ARB , might be beneficial . This approach may decrease progression of nondiabetic kidney disease . In diabetic nephropathy , combination therapy decreases proteinuria , but its effect in slowing progression is unknown . In addition , the potential for hyperkalemia may limit the utility of combined therapy in this population . The secondary endpoint is time to change in eGFR or ESRD . Tertiary endpoints are cardiovascular events , slope of change in eGFR , and change in albuminuria at 1 yr . Specific safety endpoints are serious hyperkalemia -LRB- potassium > 6 mEq/L , requiring admission , emergency room visit , or dialysis -RRB- , all-cause mortality , and other serious adverse events . This paper discusses the design and key methodological issues that arose during the planning of the study . This review presents the role of combination therapy of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system blockade on cardiovascular and kidney disease . Three large randomized controlled trials comparing combination therapy of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system blockade to monotherapy in individuals with increased cardiovascular risk , chronic kidney disease , or diabetic nephropathy have been reported . These trials - ONTARGET , ALTITUDE , and VA NEPHRON-D - demonstrated an excess risk of adverse effects -LSB- especially acute kidney injury -LRB- AKI -RRB- and hyperkalemia -RSB- with combination therapy , without significant benefit in reducing cardiovascular and renal morbidity . Current evidence supports avoiding dual renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system blockade in patients with chronic kidney disease . Subsequent studies of dual renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system blockade should examine adverse event risks and renal progression endpoints . Albuminuria is a strong predictor of diabetic nephropathy chronic kidney disease outcomes . Yet , therapeutic albuminuria-lowering has not consistently translated into a reduction in clinical events suggesting the involvement of additional pathogenic factors . Our hypothesis is that anti-endothelial cell autoantibodies play a role in development and progression in diabetic nephropathy . We determined anti-endothelial cell antibody -LRB- AECA -RRB- bioactivity in protein A-elutes of baseline plasma in 305 participants in the VA NEPHRON-D study , a randomized trial of angiotensin receptor blocker -LRB- ARB -RRB- or dual ARB plus angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor therapy in type 2 diabetes with proteinuric nephropathy . Thirty-eight percent -LRB- 117/305 -RRB- of participants had significantly reduced endothelial cell survival -LRB- ≤ 80 % -RRB- in the IgG fraction of plasma . A VA NEPHRON-D primary endpoint -LSB- end-stage renal disease -LRB- ESRD -RRB- , significant reduction in estimated glomerular filtration rate , or death -RSB- was experienced by 58 individuals . In adjusted Cox regression analysis , there was a significant interaction effect of baseline anti-endothelial cell-mediated cell survival and albuminuria on the hazard rate -LRB- HR -RRB- for primary composite endpoint -LRB- P = 0.017 -RRB- . Participants lacking strongly inhibitory antibodies with albuminuria ≥ 1 g/g creatinine had a significantly increased primary event hazard ratio , 3.41 - 95 % confidence intervals -LRB- CI 1.84-6.33 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- compared to those lacking strongly inhibitory antibodies with lower baseline albuminuria -LRB- < 1 g/g creatinine -RRB- . These results suggest that anti-endothelial cell antibodies interact significantly with albuminuria in predicting the composite endpoint of death , ESRD , or substantial decline in renal function in older , adult type 2 diabetic nephropathy .
This is a cross-sectional study of baseline data from 282 Hispanic women participating in the FitMoms/Mamás Activas study , a randomized controlled trial examining the impact of primarily an internet-based weight control program , in reducing PPWR among low-income women . We performed multivariable linear regression to examine the association of acculturation with diet quality , physical activity , and PPWR at study entry . A total of 213 -LRB- 76 % -RRB- women had acculturation scores reflecting Mexican orientation or bicultural orientation , whereas 69 -LRB- 24 % -RRB- had scores that represented assimilation to Anglo culture . Women who were more acculturated had lower intakes of fruits and vegetables , lower HEI scores , and lower physical activity levels than women who were less acculturated -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . We found an association between acculturation and PPWR in that for every 1-unit increase in acculturation score , PPWR increased , on average , by 0.80 kg . Higher acculturation was associated with poorer diet and physical activity behaviors and greater PPWR .
Over the past 10-20 years , there has been a growing interest in the myelodysplastic syndromes -LRB- MDS -RRB- . Due to difficulties of diagnosis , classification and case recording , the epidemiological features of MDS are still poorly defined . Recently , a number of cancer registries have published data on the regional occurrence of MDS , suggesting that MDS are much more common than previously thought . The crude incidence of MDS in these studies was 3.5-12.6 per 100,000 population per year . In people over the age of 70 years , incidence rates varied between 15 and 50 per 100,000 per year . Contrary to the assumption of most hematologists , cancer surveys usually failed to demonstrate a rising incidence of MDS . In those studies showing a significant increase in MDS , the rising number of cases was probably due to increased physician awareness and extended use of invasive diagnostic procedures in elderly people . Differences in incidence figures between regional studies may be attributed to several causes , including regional variations in disease incidence , small and ill-defined reference populations , bias due to patient referral patterns , varying intensity of diagnostic procedures and different observation periods . Because of the paucity of clinical symptoms and insignificance of morphological bone marrow changes particularly in early stage MDS , the currently available incidence figures are likely to underestimate the true incidence of MDS . Large-scale epidemiological studies are required for obtaining truly representative statistics on the incidence and prevalence of the MDS . In industrialized countries , a dramatic increase in these disorders can be expected over the next few decades due to the ` greying ' of the population . Although myelodysplastic syndromes -LRB- MDS -RRB- have been increasingly diagnosed in recent years , precise data on their prevalence and incidence are still lacking . Due to difficulties of diagnosis and classification , large-scale population-based studies that are required for obtaining truly representative data on the epidemiology of MDS are currently not available . Our present knowledge of the incidence and other epidemiological characteristics of MDS is based on a few regional studies performed by authors with a long-lasting interest in these hemopathies . Despite certain limitations , these studies have consistently shown that MDS are relatively common hematological malignancies . Their crude incidence varies from 2.1 to 12.6 cases per 100,000 people per year . Among the age group that is mainly affected , people older than 70 years , we are now faced with incidence rates of about 15 to 50 cases per 100,000 people per year . The recent increase in MDS incidence observed in some studies is probably not the result of an actual increase in the number of cases , but reflects improvements in geriatric medical care and diagnosis . Standardized criteria for assessing response are essential to ensure comparability among clinical trials for patients with myelodysplastic syndromes -LRB- MDS -RRB- . An international working group of experienced clinicians involved in the management of patients with MDS reviewed currently used response definitions and developed a uniform set of guidelines for future clinical trials in MDS . The MDS differ from many other hematologic malignancies in their chronicity and the morbidity and mortality caused by chronic cytopenias , often without disease progression to acute myeloid leukemia . Whereas response rates may be an important endpoint for phase 2 studies of new agents and may assist regulatory agencies in their evaluation and approval processes , an important goal of clinical trials in MDS should be to prolong patient survival . Therefore , these response criteria reflected 2 sets of goals in MDS : altering the natural history of the disease and alleviating disease-related complications with improved quality of life . It is anticipated that the recommendations presented will require modification as more is learned about the molecular biology and genetics of these disorders . Until then , it is hoped these guidelines will serve to improve communication among investigators and to ensure comparability among clinical trials . -LRB- Blood . 2000 ; 96:3671-3674 -RRB- Despite multiple disparate prognostic risk analysis systems for evaluating clinical outcome for patients with myelodysplastic syndrome -LRB- MDS -RRB- , imprecision persists with such analyses . To attempt to improve on these systems , an International MDS Risk Analysis Workshop combined cytogenetic , morphological , and clinical data from seven large previously reported risk-based studies that had generated prognostic systems . A global analysis was performed on these patients , and critical prognostic variables were re-evaluated to generate a consensus prognostic system , particularly using a more refined bone marrow -LRB- BM -RRB- cytogenetic classification . Univariate analysis indicated that the major variables having an impact on disease outcome for evolution to acute myeloid leukemia were cytogenetic abnormalities , percentage of BM myeloblasts , and number of cytopenias ; for survival , in addition to the above , variables also included age and gender . Cytogenetic subgroups of outcome were as follows : `` good '' outcomes were normal , - Y alone , del -LRB- 5q -RRB- alone , del -LRB- 20q -RRB- alone ; `` poor '' outcomes were complex -LRB- ie , > or = 3 abnormalities -RRB- or chromosome 7 anomalies ; and `` intermediate '' outcomes were other abnormalities . Multivariate analysis combined these cytogenetic subgroups with percentage of BM blasts and number of cytopenias to generate a prognostic model . Weighting these variables by their statistical power separated patients into distinctive subgroups of risk for 25 % of patients to undergo evolution to acute myeloid leukemia , with : low -LRB- 31 % of patients -RRB- , 9.4 years ; intermediate-1 -LRB- INT-1 ; 39 % -RRB- , 3.3 years ; INT-2 -LRB- 22 % -RRB- , 1.1 years ; and high -LRB- 8 % -RRB- , 0.2 year . These features also separated patients into similar distinctive risk groups for median survival : low , 5.7 years ; INT-1 , 3.5
The analyses included limited Cp-time data randomly collected from 186 patients in efficacy/safety studies and full Cp-time data from 55 patients in pharmacokinetic studies . The effects of covariates on the PK/PD parameters of cisatracurium were evaluated . The time course of neuromuscular block was predicted for various patient subgroups . The population PK/PD model for cisatracurium revealed that anesthesia type , gender , age , creatinine clearance , and presence of obesity were associated with statistically significant -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- effects on the PK/PD parameters of cisatracurium . These covariates were not associated with any clinically significant changes in the predicted recovery profile of cisatracurium . Slight differences in onset were predicted in patients with renal impairment and patients receiving inhalation anesthesia . Based on the validation procedure , the model appears to be accurate and precise . Differences in the pharmacokinetics of propofol between male and female patients during and after continuous infusion have not been described in detail in patients aged 65 yr and older . To increase our insight into the pharmacokinetics of propofol in this patient population and to obtain pharmacokinetic parameters applicable in target controlled infusion -LRB- TCI -RRB- , the pharmacokinetics of propofol during and after continuous infusion were studied in 31 ASA class 1 and 2 patients , aged 65-91 yr , scheduled for general surgery . Patients received propofol 1.5 mg kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- i.v. in 1 min followed by 7 mg kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- h -LRB- -1 -RRB- until skin closure in the presence of a variable rate infusion of alfentanil during oxygen-air ventilation . On the basis of arterial blood samples that were taken up to 24 h post-infusion , the pharmacokinetics of propofol were evaluated in a two-stage manner . Multiple linear regression analysis was used to explore the effect of age , weight , gender and lean body mass as covariates . Gender significantly affected the pharmacokinetics of propofol . V3 , Cl1 and Cl2 were significantly different between male and female patients , weight only affected Cl1 . The pharmacokinetic parameters were : V1 = 4.88 litre , V2 = 24.50 litre , V3 -LRB- litre -RRB- = 115 +147 x gender -LRB- gender : male = 1 , female = 2 -RRB- , Cl1 -LRB- litre min -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- = -0.29 +0.022 x weight +0.22 x gender , Cl2 -LRB- litre min -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- = 2.84-0.65 x gender -LRB- male = 1 , female = 2 -RRB- , and Cl3 = 0.788 litre min -LRB- -1 -RRB- .
Molecular chaperones or so-called heat shock proteins serve as central integrators of protein homeostasis within cells . In performing this function , they guide the folding , intracellular disposition , and proteolytic turnover of many key regulators of cell growth , differentiation , and survival . Recent data show essential roles for the chaperones in facilitating malignant transformation at the molecular level and support the concept that their altered utilization during oncogenesis is critical to the development of human cancers . The field is evolving rapidly , but it has become apparent that chaperones can serve as biochemical buffers at the phenotypic level for the genetic instability that is characteristic of many human cancers . Chaperone proteins thus allow tumor cells to tolerate the mutation of multiple critical signaling molecules that would otherwise be lethal . Much of the recent progress in understanding the complex role of heat shock proteins in tumorigenesis has been made possible by the discovery of several natural product antitumor antibiotics that selectively inhibit the function of the chaperone Hsp90 . These agents have been used as probes to define the biological functions of Hsp90 at the molecular level and to validate it as a novel target for anticancer drug action . One of these agents , 17-allylamino ,17-demethoxygeldanamycin -LRB- NSC 330507 -RRB- has begun phase II clinical trials , and several second-generation compounds are now in late preclinical development . The best way to use Hsp90 inhibitors as anticancer agents remains to be defined . Trials accomplished to date , however , serve as proof of principle that Hsp90 function can be modulated pharmacologically without undue toxicity in humans . Current anticancer drug development strategies involve identifying novel molecular targets which are crucial for tumourigenesis . The molecular chaperone heat shock protein -LRB- HSP -RRB- 90 is of interest as an anticancer drug target because of its importance in maintaining the conformation , stability and function of key oncogenic client proteins involved in signal transduction pathways leading to proliferation , cell cycle progression and apoptosis , as well as other features of the malignant phenotype such as invasion , angiogenesis and metastasis . The natural product HSP90 inhibitors geldanamycin and radicicol exert their antitumour effect by inhibiting the intrinsic ATPase activity of HSP90 , resulting in degradation of HSP90 client proteins via the ubiquitin proteosome pathway . 17-allylamino , 17-demethoxygeldanamycin -LRB- 17AAG -RRB- , a geldanamycin derivative , showed good activity and cancer selectivity in preclinical models and has now progressed to Phase I clinical trial in cancer patients with encouraging initial results . Phase II trials including combination studies with cytotoxic agents are now being planned and these should allow the therapeutic activity of 17AAG to be determined . Second generation HSP90 inhibitors may be designed to overcome some of the drawbacks of 17AAG , including limited oral bioavailability and solubility . They could also be engineered to target specific functions of HSP90 , which may not only provide greater molecular selectivity and clinical benefit but may also increase understanding of the complex functions of this molecular chaperone . HSP90 inhibitors provide proof of concept for drugs directed at HSP90 and protein folding and this principle may be applicable to other medical conditions involving protein aggregation and stability .
Patients with advanced squamous-cell non-small-cell lung cancer -LRB- NSCLC -RRB- who have disease progression during or after first-line chemotherapy have limited treatment options . This randomized , open-label , international , phase 3 study evaluated the efficacy and safety of nivolumab , a fully human IgG4 programmed death 1 -LRB- PD-1 -RRB- immune-checkpoint-inhibitor antibody , as compared with docetaxel in this patient population . We randomly assigned 272 patients to receive nivolumab , at a dose of 3 mg per kilogram of body weight every 2 weeks , or docetaxel , at a dose of 75 mg per square meter of body-surface area every 3 weeks . The primary end point was overall survival . The median overall survival was 9.2 months -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 7.3 to 13.3 -RRB- with nivolumab versus 6.0 months -LRB- 95 % CI , 5.1 to 7.3 -RRB- with docetaxel . The risk of death was 41 % lower with nivolumab than with docetaxel -LRB- hazard ratio , 0.59 ; 95 % CI , 0.44 to 0.79 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . At 1 year , the overall survival rate was 42 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 34 to 50 -RRB- with nivolumab versus 24 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 17 to 31 -RRB- with docetaxel . The response rate was 20 % with nivolumab versus 9 % with docetaxel -LRB- P = 0.008 -RRB- . The median progression-free survival was 3.5 months with nivolumab versus 2.8 months with docetaxel -LRB- hazard ratio for death or disease progression , 0.62 ; 95 % CI , 0.47 to 0.81 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . The expression of the PD-1 ligand -LRB- PD-L1 -RRB- was neither prognostic nor predictive of benefit . Treatment-related adverse events of grade 3 or 4 were reported in 7 % of the patients in the nivolumab group as compared with 55 % of those in the docetaxel group . Among patients with advanced , previously treated squamous-cell NSCLC , overall survival , response rate , and progression-free survival were significantly better with nivolumab than with docetaxel , regardless of PD-L1 expression level . -LRB- Funded by Bristol-Myers Squibb ; CheckMate 017 ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT01642004 . -RRB- . Assessment of the change in tumour burden is an important feature of the clinical evaluation of cancer therapeutics : both tumour shrinkage -LRB- objective response -RRB- and disease progression are useful endpoints in clinical trials . Since RECIST was published in 2000 , many investigators , cooperative groups , industry and government authorities have adopted these criteria in the assessment of treatment outcomes . However , a number of questions and issues have arisen which have led to the development of a revised RECIST guideline -LRB- version 1.1 -RRB- . Evidence for changes , summarised in separate papers in this special issue , has come from assessment of a large data warehouse -LRB- > 6500 patients -RRB- , simulation studies and literature reviews . HIGHLIGHTS OF REVISED RECIST 1.1 : Major changes include : Number of lesions to be assessed : based on evidence from numerous trial databases merged into a data warehouse for analysis purposes , the number of lesions required to assess tumour burden for response determination has been reduced from a maximum of 10 to a maximum of five total -LRB- and from five to two per organ , maximum -RRB- . Assessment of pathological lymph nodes is now incorporated : nodes with a short axis of 15 mm are considered measurable and assessable as target lesions . The short axis measurement should be included in the sum of lesions in calculation of tumour response . Nodes that shrink to < 10 mm short axis are considered normal . Confirmation of response is required for trials with response primary endpoint but is no longer required in randomised studies since the control arm serves as appropriate means of interpretation of data . Disease progression is clarified in several aspects : in addition to the previous definition of progression in target disease of 20 % increase in sum , a 5 mm absolute increase is now required as well to guard against over calling PD when the total sum is very small . Furthermore , there is guidance offered on what constitutes ` unequivocal progression ' of non-measurable/non-target disease , a source of confusion in the original RECIST guideline . Finally , a section on detection of new lesions , including the interpretation of FDG-PET scan assessment is included . Imaging guidance : the revised RECIST includes a new imaging appendix with updated recommendations on the optimal anatomical assessment of lesions . A key question considered by the RECIST Working Group in developing RECIST 1.1 was whether it was appropriate to move from anatomic unidimensional assessment of tumour burden to either volumetric anatomical assessment or to functional assessment with PET or MRI . It was concluded that , at present , there is not sufficient standardisation or evidence to abandon anatomical assessment of tumour burden . The only exception to this is in the use of FDG-PET imaging as an adjunct to determination of progression . As is detailed in the final paper in this special issue , the use of these promising newer approaches requires appropriate clinical validation studies . A multiple testing procedure is proposed for comparing two treatments when response to treatment is both dichotomous -LRB- i.e. , success or failure -RRB- and immediate . The maximum number -LRB- N -RRB- of tests and the number -LRB- m1 + m2 -RRB- of observations collected between successive tests is fixed in advance . The power is also found to be virtually the same . However , by affording the opportunity to terminate early when one treatment performs markedly better than the other , the multiple testing procedure may eliminate the ethical dilemmas that often accompany clinical trials . Most large randomized clinical trials have a data monitoring committee that periodically examines
Although it is known that Parkinson 's disease results from a loss of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra , the resulting alterations in activity in the basal ganglia responsible for parkinsonian motor deficits are still poorly characterized . Recently , increased activity in the subthalamic nucleus has been implicated in the motor abnormalities . To test this hypothesis , the effects of lesions of the subthalamic nucleus were evaluated in monkeys rendered parkinsonian by treatment with 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine -LRB- MPTP -RRB- . The lesions reduced all of the major motor disturbances in the contralateral limbs , including akinesia , rigidity , and tremor . 1 . The neuronal mechanisms underlying the major motor signs of Parkinson 's disease were studied in the basal ganglia of parkinsonian monkeys . Three African green monkeys were systemically treated with 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine -LRB- MPTP -RRB- until parkinsonian signs , including akinesia , rigidity , and a prominent 4 - to 8-Hz tremor , appeared . The activity of neurons in the subthalamic nucleus -LRB- STN -RRB- and in the internal segment of the globus pallidus -LRB- GPi -RRB- was recorded before -LRB- STN , n = 220 cells ; GPi , n = 175 cells -RRB- and after MPTP treatment -LRB- STN , n = 326 cells ; GPi , n = 154 cells -RRB- . 2 . In STN the spontaneous firing rate was significantly increased from 19 + / - 10 -LRB- SD -RRB- spikes/s before to 26 + / - 15 spikes/s after MPTP treatment . Division of STN neurons recorded after MPTP treatment into cells with rhythmic bursts of discharge occurring at 4-8 Hz -LRB- as defined by autocorrelation analysis -RRB- and neurons without 4 - to 8-Hz periodic activity revealed an even more prominent increase in the firing rate of the 4 - to 8-Hz oscillatory neurons . 3 . In GPi overall changes in the average firing rate of cells were inconsistent between different animals and behavioral states . However , the average firing rate of the subpopulation of neurons with 4 - to 8-Hz periodic oscillatory activity after treatment with MPTP was significantly increased over that of all neurons before MPTP treatment -LRB- from 53 to 76 spikes/s , averaged across monkeys -RRB- . 4 . In the normal state the percentage of neurons with burst discharges -LRB- as defined by autocorrelation analysis -RRB- was 69 % and 78 % in STN and GPi , respectively . After MPTP treatment the percentage of cells that discharged in bursts was increased to 79 % and 89 % , respectively . At the same time the average burst duration decreased -LRB- from 121 + / - 98 to 81 + / - 99 ms in STN and from 213 + / - 120 to 146 + / - 134 ms in GPi -RRB- with no significant change in the average number of spikes per burst . 5 . Periodic oscillatory neuronal activity at low frequency , highly correlated with tremor , was detected in a large number of cells in STN and GPi after MPTP treatment -LRB- average oscillation frequency 6.0 and 5.1 Hz , respectively -RRB- . The percentage of cells with 4 - to 8-Hz periodic activity significantly increased from 2 % to 16 % in STN and from 0.6 % to 25 % in GPi with the MPTP treatment . -LRB- ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS -RRB-
A single perioperative dose of glucocorticoid or gabapentinoid , or a combination of the 2 , may improve postoperative analgesia , but data are still insufficient to be conclusive . In this single-center , randomized , double-blind , and double-dummy trial , we aimed to test whether the analgesic effect of adding preoperative pregabalin , at a dose unlikely to induce side effects , to preoperative dexamethasone improves early mobilization after spinal surgery . A total of 160 patients undergoing scheduled lumbar disk surgery -LRB- 145 analyzed -RRB- comprised the study cohort . The patients received either 0.2 mg/kg intravenous dexamethasone before incision , or 150 mg oral pregabalin 1 hour before surgery , or a combination of the 2 , or none of the above -LRB- control -RRB- . The primary outcome was pain intensity during the first attempt to sit up , assessed the morning of the first postoperative day on an 11-point Numerical Rating Scale . Pain at rest and when standing up , opioid consumption , and tolerance were also assessed . The overall quality of analgesia was good , with only 10 % and 30 % of pain scores exceeding 3/10 for pain at rest and during movement , respectively . In this surgical model with the given anesthetic and analgesic environment , there was no advantage gained by adding low-dose pregabalin or dexamethasone . The multimodal analgesic protocol applied to all patients may have reduced the size of the effect .
Reminder/recall notifications used by primary care practices increase the rates of childhood immunizations , but fewer than 20 % of primary care practitioners nationally deliver such reminders . A reminder/recall notification conducted centrally by health departments in collaboration with primary care practices may reduce practice burden , reach children without a primary care practitioner , and decrease the cost of reminders/recalls . To assess the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of collaborative centralized -LRB- CC -RRB- vs practice-based -LRB- PB -RRB- reminder/recall approaches using the Colorado Immunization Information System -LRB- CIIS -RRB- . We performed a randomized pragmatic trial from September 7 , 2012 , through March 17 , 2013 , including 18,235 children aged 19 to 35 months in 15 Colorado counties . In CC counties , children who needed at least 1 immunization were sent as many as 4 reminders/recalls by mail or autodialed telephone calls by the CIIS . Primary care practices in these counties were given the option of endorsing the reminder/recall notification by adding the practice name to the message . In PB counties , primary care practices were invited to web-based reminder/recall training and offered financial support for sending notifications . Documentation of any new immunization within 6 months constituted the primary outcome ; achieving up-to-date -LRB- UTD -RRB- immunization status was secondary . We assessed the cost and cost-effectiveness of each approach and used a generalized linear mixed-effects model to assess the effect of the intervention on outcomes . In PB counties , 24 of 308 primary care practices -LRB- 7.8 % -RRB- attended reminder/recall training and 2 primary care practices -LRB- 0.6 % -RRB- endorsed reminder/recall notifications . Within CC counties , 129 of 229 practices -LRB- 56.3 % -RRB- endorsed the reminder/recall letter . Documentation rates for at least 1 immunization were 26.9 % for CC vs 21.7 % for PB counties -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- ; 12.8 % vs 9.3 % of patients , respectively , achieved UTD status -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . The total cost of the CC reminder/recall was $ 28620 or $ 11.75 per child for any new immunization and $ 24.72 per child achieving UTD status ; the total cost to the 2 practices that conducted PB reminders/recalls was $ 74.00 per child for any immunization and $ 124.45 per child achieving UTD status . A CC reminder/recall notification was more effective and more cost-effective than a PB system , although the effect size was modest . Endorsement by practices may further increase the effectiveness of CC reminder/recall . clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT01557621 . We compared the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of population-based recall -LRB- Pop-recall -RRB- versus practice-based recall -LRB- PCP-recall -RRB- at increasing immunizations among preschool children . This cluster-randomized trial involved children aged 19 to 35 months needing immunizations in 8 rural and 6 urban Colorado counties . In Pop-recall counties , recall was conducted centrally using the Colorado Immunization Information System -LRB- CIIS -RRB- . In PCP-recall counties , practices were invited to attend webinar training using CIIS and offered financial support for mailings . The percentage of up-to-date -LRB- UTD -RRB- and vaccine documentation were compared 6 months after recall . A mixed-effects model assessed the association between intervention and whether a child became UTD . Ten of 195 practices -LRB- 5 % -RRB- implemented recall in PCP-recall counties . Among children needing immunizations , 18.7 % became UTD in Pop-recall versus 12.8 % in PCP-recall counties -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- ; 31.8 % had documented receipt of 1 or more vaccines in Pop-recall versus 22.6 % in PCP-recall counties -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . Relative risk estimates from multivariable modeling were 1.23 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- = 1.10 , 1.37 -RRB- for becoming UTD and 1.26 -LRB- 95 % CI = 1.15 , 1.38 -RRB- for receipt of any vaccine . Costs for Pop-recall versus PCP-recall were $ 215 versus $ 1981 per practice and $ 17 versus $ 62 per child brought UTD . Population-based recall conducted centrally was more effective and cost-effective at increasing immunization rates in preschool children .
Hepcidin is a key regulator of systemic iron homeostasis . Hepcidin deficiency induces iron overload , whereas hepcidin excess induces anemia . Mutations in the gene encoding hemojuvelin -LRB- HFE2 , also known as HJV -RRB- cause severe iron overload and correlate with low hepcidin levels , suggesting that hemojuvelin positively regulates hepcidin expression . Hemojuvelin is a member of the repulsive guidance molecule -LRB- RGM -RRB- family , which also includes the bone morphogenetic protein -LRB- BMP -RRB- coreceptors RGMA and DRAGON -LRB- RGMB -RRB- . Here , we report that hemojuvelin is a BMP coreceptor and that hemojuvelin mutants associated with hemochromatosis have impaired BMP signaling ability . Furthermore , BMP upregulates hepatocyte hepcidin expression , a process enhanced by hemojuvelin and blunted in Hfe2 - / - hepatocytes . Our data suggest a mechanism by which HFE2 mutations cause hemochromatosis : hemojuvelin dysfunction decreases BMP signaling , thereby lowering hepcidin expression . Systemic iron balance is regulated by hepcidin , a peptide hormone secreted by the liver . By decreasing cell surface expression of the iron exporter ferroportin , hepcidin decreases iron absorption from the intestine and iron release from reticuloendothelial stores . Hepcidin excess has been implicated in the pathogenesis of anemia of chronic disease , while hepcidin deficiency has a key role in the pathogenesis of the iron overload disorder hemochromatosis . We also show that soluble hemojuvelin -LRB- HJV.Fc -RRB- selectively inhibits BMP induction of hepcidin expression in vitro and that administration of HJV.Fc decreases hepcidin expression , increases ferroportin expression , mobilizes splenic iron stores , and increases serum iron levels in vivo . These data support a role for modulators of the BMP signaling pathway in treating diseases of iron overload and anemia of chronic disease . Anemia of chronic inflammation -LRB- ACI -RRB- is the most frequent anemia in hospitalized patients and is associated with significant morbidity . A major underlying mechanism of ACI is the retention of iron within cells of the reticuloendothelial system -LRB- RES -RRB- , thus making the metal unavailable for efficient erythropoiesis . This reticuloendothelial iron sequestration is primarily mediated by excess levels of the iron regulatory peptide hepcidin down-regulating the functional expression of the only known cellular iron export protein ferroportin resulting in blockade of iron egress from these cells . Using a well-established rat model of ACI , we herein provide novel evidence for effective treatment of ACI by blocking endogenous hepcidin production using the small molecule dorsomorphin derivative LDN-193189 or the protein soluble hemojuvelin-Fc -LRB- HJV.Fc -RRB- to inhibit bone morphogenetic protein-Smad mediated signaling required for effective hepcidin transcription . Pharmacologic inhibition of hepcidin expression results in mobilization of iron from the RES , stimulation of erythropoiesis and correction of anemia .
National guidelines promote increasing the prevalence of fistula use among hemodialysis patients . The prevalence of fistulas among hemodialysis patients reflects both national , regional , and local practice differences as well as patient-specific demographic and clinical factors . Increasing fistula prevalence requires increasing fistula placement , improving maturation of new fistulas , and enhancing long-term patency of mature fistulas for dialysis . Whether a patient receives a fistula depends on several factors : timing of referral for dialysis and vascular access , type of fistula placed , patient demographics , preference of the nephrologist , surgeon , and dialysis nurses , and vascular anatomy of the patient . Whether the placed fistula is useable for dialysis depends on additional factors , including adequacy of vessels , surgeon 's experience , patient demographics , nursing skills , minimal acceptable dialysis blood flow , and attempts to revise immature fistulas . Whether a mature fistula achieves long-term patency depends on the ability to prevent and correct thrombosis . An optimal outcome is likely when there is -LRB- 1 -RRB- a multidisciplinary team approach to vascular access ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- consensus about the goals among all interested parties -LRB- nephrologists , surgeons , radiologists , dialysis nurses , and patients -RRB- ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- early referral for placement of vascular access ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- restriction of vascular access procedures to surgeons with demonstrable interest and experience ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- routine , preoperative mapping of the patient 's arteries and veins ; -LRB- 6 -RRB- close , ongoing communication among the involved parties ; and -LRB- 7 -RRB- prospective tracking of outcomes with continuous quality assessment . Implementing these measures is likely to increase the prevalence of fistulas in any given dialysis unit . However , differences among dialysis units are likely to persist because of differences in gender , race , and co-morbidity mix of the patient population . The radial artery -LRB- RA -RRB- has been used as an alternative arterial graft for coronary artery bypass grafting , but this artery has been suggested to be spastic . Endothelin-1 -LRB- ET -RRB- and angiotensin II -LRB- AII -RRB- have been measured with increased plasma concentrations during cardiopulmonary bypass . However , whether RA is reactive to these two important receptor-mediated vasoconstrictors is unknown . Also unknown is the endothelial function of this arterial conduit . This study was designed to compare RA and the internal mammary artery regarding the contractile characteristics to ET-1 and AII and endothelial function . The contractility was determined from the contraction induced by ET-1 and AII as contraction force and the force normalized by circumference -LRB- g/mm -RRB- . Nitroglycerin was used to study the endothelium-independent relaxation . Both ET-1 and AII induced a higher contraction force -LRB- 9.0 + / - 0.9 g , n = 12 , versus 4.5 + / - 0.4 g , n = 38 , p < 0.0001 for ET and 6.5 + / - 1.9 g , n = 7 , versus 1.7 + / - 0.3 g , n = 8 , p = 0.015 for AII -RRB- and normalized force -LRB- 0.95 + / - 0.1 g/mm versus 0.66 + / - 0.05 g/mm , p = 0.007 for ET-1 and 0.8 + / - 0.2 g/mm versus 0.2 + / - 0.05 g/mm , p < 0.01 for AII -RRB- in RA than in the internal mammary artery . There were no significant differences detected between these arteries with regard to either endothelium-dependent -LRB- to substance P and A23187 -RRB- or endothelium-independent -LRB- to nitroglycerin -RRB- relaxation -LRB- p > 0.05 -RRB- . We conclude that the human RA has a higher receptor-mediated contractility -LRB- to ET-1 and AII -RRB- but similar endothelial function compared to the internal mammary artery . The study reveals the nature of the more spastic characteristics of the RA , supports the necessity of a more active pharmacologic intervention to relieve spasm in the RA , and suggests that the similar endothelium-derived relaxing factor-mediated endothelial function of the RA compared with the internal mammary artery may be the basis for a satisfactory long-term patency . A total of 263 respondents were interviewed relative to their attitudes towards disabled persons , using a standardized questionnaire . Of these 263 subjects , 144 lived in a community without any facility for disabled persons in the vicinity , 119 subjects lived close by a physically disabled persons centre . The `` attitudinal climate '' among all interviewees on the whole more on the positive side , it was found that those living in the vicinity of a physically disabled persons centre , though expressing less contact uneasiness when meeting physically handicapped children and young people , did however not give more positive -- but neither more negative -- opinions in other respects than those subjects not living near a facility for the disabled . The results obtained were further analyzed on the variables of age , sex , and closer contacts with disabled people among friends . It has , once again , been confirmed that attitudes toward disabled persons constitute a multidimensional construct that , to varying degrees , is influenced by a number of factors . Some consequences and considerations in terms of educational implementation possibilities of the findings are outlined in conclusion .
The purpose of this study was to carry out a rigorous statistical analysis of all hand and face transplantations to determine whether hand and/or face transplantation is the standard of care . Data from September of 1998 until March of 2014 on all hand and face transplantations in the world were obtained through publications , news articles , personal communications , and presentations . Data on solid organ transplantation were obtained from the Scientific Registry of Transplant Recipients for comparison with the results of hand transplantation . Resampling and permutation statistical analysis was used to compare structured cohorts of hand , face , and solid organ transplantation . Routine immunosuppression can achieve intermediate - to long-term graft survival in hand transplantation that is empirically superior to solid organ transplantation . Chronic rejection in hand transplantation is statistically significantly less than in solid organ transplantation . Renal failure in hand and face transplantation is empirically less than in solid organ transplantation . Bone marrow transplant with hand transplantation produces both statistically superior and statistically inferior results compared with hand transplantation without bone marrow . In hand transplantation , acute rejection does not seem to increase late allograft loss . The function of hand transplantation is statistically significantly superior to prosthesis yet inferior to hand replantation . Not all hand and face transplants have good results , yet those hand transplants completed within certain parameters obtain excellent results . Certain hand transplants arguably can be considered the standard of care . Face transplantation requires more time and patient numbers and a clearer definition of inclusion and exclusion criteria before standard of care assessment can be made . Hand/forearm/arm transplants are vascularized composite allografts , which , unlike solid organs , are composed of multiple tissues including skin , muscle , tendons , vessels , nerves , lymph nodes , bone , and bone marrow . Over the past decade , 26 upper extremity transplantations were performed in the United States . The University of Pittsburgh Medical Center has the largest single center experience with 8 hand/forearm transplantations performed in 5 recipients between January 2008 and September 2010 . Anesthetic management in the emerging field of upper extremity transplants must address protocol and procedure-specific considerations related to the role of regional blocks , effects of immunosuppressive drugs during transplant surgery , fluid and hemodynamic management in the microsurgical setting , and rigorous intraoperative monitoring during these often protracted procedures . For the first time , we outline salient aspects of upper extremity transplant anesthesia based on our experience with 5 patients . We highlight the importance of minimizing intraoperative vasopressors and improving fluid management and blood product use . Our approach reduced the incidence of perioperative bleeding requiring re-exploration or hemostasis and shortened in-hospital and intensive care unit stay . Functional , immunologic and graft survival outcomes have been highly encouraging in all patients . Further experience is required for validation or standardization of specific anesthetic protocols . Meanwhile , our recommendations are intended as pertinent guidelines for centers performing these novel procedures . To minimize maintenance immunosuppression in upper-extremity transplantation to favor the risk-benefit balance of this procedure . Despite favorable outcomes , broad clinical application of reconstructive transplantation is limited by the risks and side effects of multidrug immunosuppression . We present our experience with upper-extremity transplantation under a novel , donor bone marrow -LRB- BM -RRB- cell-based treatment protocol -LRB- `` Pittsburgh protocol '' -RRB- . Between March 2009 and September 2010 , 5 patients received a bilateral hand -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- , a bilateral hand/forearm -LRB- n = 1 -RRB- , or a unilateral -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- hand transplant . Patients were treated with alemtuzumab and methylprednisolone for induction , followed by tacrolimus monotherapy . On day 14 , patients received an infusion of donor BM cells isolated from 9 vertebral bodies . Comprehensive follow-up included functional evaluation , imaging , and immunomonitoring . Skin rejections were infrequent and reversible . Side effects included transient increase in serum creatinine , hyperglycemia managed with oral hypoglycemics , minor wound infection , and hyperuricemia but no infections . Immunomonitoring revealed transient moderate levels of donor-specific antibodies , adequate immunocompetence , and no peripheral blood chimerism . Imaging demonstrated patent vessels with only mild luminal narrowing/occlusion in 1 case . Protocol skin biopsies showed absent or minimal perivascular cellular infiltrates . Our data suggest that this BM cell-based treatment protocol is safe , is well tolerated , and allows upper-extremity transplantation using low-dose tacrolimus monotherapy .
To investigate the design of a simple , adjustable , biocompatible nasal implant that consistently corrects nasal valvular dysfunction . This study presents data on an adjustable titanium-expanded polytetrafluoroethylene -LRB- ePTFE -RRB- implant designed as a spanning butterfly graft . Each patient was measured for implant effectiveness subjectively by patient questionnaire and objectively with static and dynamic photographs as well as acoustic rhinomanometry data . Rhinomanometry studies , photographic evidence , and patient questionnaires revealed that a great improvement in the nasal airway can consistently be achieved at the level of the nasal valve using the titanium-ePTFE butterfly design implant . The titanium-ePTFE butterfly-design implant provides a consistent and adjustable correction of the dysfunctional nasal valve . Prospective instrument validation occurred in 2 stages . Stage 2 was a test of the alpha-version for item performance , internal consistency , and test-retest reliability ; construct , discriminant , criterion validity , and responsiveness ; and creation of the final instrument . Items with poor performance were eliminated from the alpha-version instrument . In testing the final instrument , test-retest reliability was adequate at 0.702 ; internal consistency reliability was also adequate at 0.785 . Validity was confirmed using correlation and comparison analysis , and response sensitivity was excellent . The Nasal Obstruction Symptom Evaluation Scale is a valid , reliable , and responsive instrument that is brief and easy to complete and has potential use for outcomes studies in adults with nasal obstruction .
There is limited experimental evidence on transitional care interventions beyond 30 days post-discharge and in vulnerable populations . Evaluate effects of a transitional care practice -LRB- TC -RRB- that comprehensively addresses patients ' medical and psychosocial needs following hospital discharge . Pragmatic , randomized comparative effectiveness trial . Adults discharged from an initial emergency , observation , or inpatient hospital encounter with no trusted usual source of care . TC intervention included a scheduled post-discharge appointment at the TC practice , where a multidisciplinary team comprehensively assessed patients ' medical and psychosocial needs , addressed modifiable barriers , and subsequent linkage to a new primary care source . Routine Care involved assistance scheduling a post-discharge appointment with a primary care provider that often partnered with the hospital where the initial encounter occurred . The primary outcome was a binary indicator of death or additional hospital encounters within 90 days of initial discharge . Secondary outcomes included any additional hospital encounters , and counts of hospital encounters , over 180 days . Four hundred ninety patients were randomized to TC intervention and 164 to Routine Care ; 34.6 % were uninsured , 49.7 % had Medicaid , and 57.4 % were homeless or lived in a high-poverty area . Over 180 days , TC patients had 42 % fewer inpatient admissions -LRB- incidence rate ratio 0.58 ; 95 % CI 0.37-0.90 -RRB- . Among patients randomized to a patient-centered transitional care intervention , there was no significant reduction in 90-day probability of death or additional hospital encounters . However , there were significant decreases in measures of inpatient admissions over 180 days . clinicaltrials.gov identifier NCT03066492 .
They were randomized to receive , in a double-blinded manner , mexiletine 600 mg/d , gabapentin 1200 mg/d , or placebo for 10 days . Anesthesia was standardized , and all patients had access to routine postoperative analgesics on demand . The visual analog scale score assessed pain at rest and after movement . Three months later , all patients were interviewed to identify intensity of chronic pain and analgesic requirements . Mexiletine and gabapentin reduced codeine consumed from the second to tenth day by 50 % -LRB- P = 0.029 ; P = 0.018 and P = 0.035 for mexiletine versus control and gabapentin versus control comparisons , respectively -RRB- . Total paracetamol consumption was also reduced during the same time -LRB- P = 0.0085 ; P = 0.007 and P = 0.011 for the mexiletine and gabapentin groups when compared with the control , respectively -RRB- . Pain at rest and after movement was reduced by both drugs on the third postoperative day . Pain after movement also was reduced by gabapentin between the second and fifth postoperative day . Three months later , the incidence of chronic pain , its intensity , and need for analgesics were not affected by either treatment . However , burning pain was more frequent in the control group -LRB- P = 0.033 -RRB- . Patients undergoing breast surgery for cancer may develop chronic pain . We evaluated the effect of mexiletine and gabapentin on the acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer . Both drugs reduced the postoperative analgesic requirements , and particularly , gabapentin reduced pain after movement . The overall incidence of chronic pain was unaffected except for burning pain . The importance of axillary dissection as part of the primary surgical procedure in the treatment of operable cases of carcinoma of the breast is established . The morbidity of this procedure , however , is less well documented . A study of 126 women who had had full axillary dissection as part of their initial surgical treatment was undertaken to assess their degree of morbidity in terms of numbness , pain , weakness , swelling , and stiffness . Seventy per cent of cases complained of numbness , 33 % of pain , 25 % of weakness , 24 % of limb swelling , and 15 % of stiffness . Objective measurements confirmed decreased sensation in 81 % , weakness in 27 % , swelling in 10 % , and stiffness in 10 % . In no case were these symptoms described as severe , though they did have an effect upon the daily lives of 39 % . Seventy six publications were retained and thirty evidence based diagnosis , treatment and follow-up recommendations are listed . Few of theses recommendations are classed level A. Datas analysis make possible to propose a strategy based on systematic association of drugs , kinesitherapy and psychological support . Evaluation and closer follow-up are necessary . Several decisional trees are proposed . The anticonvulsant gabapentin has proven effective for neuropathic pain in three large placebo-controlled clinical trials . Experimental and clinical studies have demonstrated antihyperalgesic effects in models involving central neuronal sensitization . It has been suggested that central neuronal sensitization may play an important role in postoperative pain . The aim of the study was to investigate the effect of gabapentin on morphine consumption and postoperative pain in patients undergoing radical mastectomy . In a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled study , 70 patients received a single dose of oral gabapentin -LRB- 1,200 mg -RRB- or placebo 1 h before surgery . Patients received patient-controlled analgesia with morphine at doses of 2.5 mg with a lock-out time of 10 min for 4 h postoperatively . Pain was assessed on a visual analog scale at rest and during movement , and side effects were assessed on a four-point verbal scale 2 and 4 h postoperatively . Thirty-one patients in the gabapentin group and 34 patients in the placebo group completed the study . Gabapentin reduced total morphine consumption from a median of 29 -LRB- interquartile range , 21-33 -RRB- to 15 -LRB- 10-19 -RRB- mg -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- . Pain during movement was reduced from 41 -LRB- 31-59 -RRB- to 22 -LRB- 10-38 -RRB- mm at 2 h postoperatively -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- and from 31 -LRB- 12-40 -RRB- to 9 -LRB- 3-34 -RRB- mm at 4 h postoperatively -LRB- P = 0.018 -RRB- . No significant differences between groups were observed with regard to pain at rest or side effects . A single dose of 1,200 mg oral gabapentin resulted in a substantial reduction in postoperative morphine consumption and movement-related pain after radical mastectomy , without significant side effects . These promising results should be validated in other acute pain models involving central neuronal sensitization . The effectiveness of amitriptyline in relieving neuropathic pain following treatment of breast cancer was studied in 15 patients in a randomised , double-blind placebo-controlled crossover study . The dose was escalated from 25 mg to 100 mg per day in 4 weeks . The placebo and amitriptyline phases were separated by a 2-week wash-out period . Visual analogue and verbal rating scales were used for the assessment of pain intensity and pain relief . Other measures included the number of daily activities disturbed by the pain , the Finnish McGill Pain Questionnaire , adverse effects , anxiety , depression , pressure threshold and grip strength . Amitriptyline significantly relieved neuropathic pain both in the arm and around the breast scar . Eight out of 15 patients had a more than 50 % decrease in the pain intensity -LRB- ` good responders ' -RRB- with a median dose of 50 mg of amitriptyline . The 7 patients who had a less than 50 % effect had drug concentrations equaling those of the good responders . The ` poor responders ' reported significantly more adverse effects with amitriptyline and placebo than the
This cohort study was conducted -LRB- 1 -RRB- to assess the value of uNGAL as early marker of contrast-induced AKI -LRB- CI-AKI -RRB- in unselected patients undergoing percutaneous coronary procedure -LRB- PCP -RRB- and -LRB- 2 -RRB- to investigate whether uNGAL levels correlate with the volume of contrast medium -LRB- CM -RRB- used during the procedure . We enrolled 244 consecutive adult patients undergoing PCP done with the low-osmolar CM Iomeprolum -LRB- median volume of CM 122 -LSB- 88-168 -RSB- ml per procedure -RRB- . uNGAL was measured at its peak with a standardised clinical laboratory platform -LRB- ARCHITECT uNGAL assay , Abbott -RRB- . Overall , the post-PCP uNGAL levels were extremely low in our cohort with a median value of 7.7 -LSB- 4.0-14.5 -RSB- ng/ml -LRB- N ≤ 132 ng/ml -RRB- . Twenty-five -LRB- 10 % -RRB- patients developed CI-AKI according to the classical diagnostic criteria -LRB- ≥ 25 % or ≥ 44.2 µmol/l increase in SCr -RRB- and 8 -LRB- 3.3 % -RRB- patients according to the AKIN criteria . Regardless of the definition considered , uNGAL levels did not significantly differ in patients with or without CI-AKI . Similarly , we found no significant correlation between the volume of CM used and the post-PCP uNGAL levels -LRB- r = -0.11 -RRB- . In a large cohort of unselected adult patients , uNGAL measured four to six hours after PCP was ineffective to predict the risk of CI-AKI and did not correlate with the volume of CM used during the procedure .
Transient sinus bradycardia and hypotension have been reported as complications during radiofrequency -LRB- RF -RRB- ablation of focal atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- originating from pulmonary veins -LRB- PVs -RRB- . This study used heart rate variability -LRB- HRV -RRB- to evaluate the effects of focal PVs ablation on autonomic function . Thirty-seven patients with paroxysmal AF were referred for ablation . The study group included 30 patients who underwent transseptal ablation of PVs , and the control group included 7 patients who underwent the transseptal procedure without ablation . The mean sinus rate and time-domain -LRB- standard deviation of RR intervals and root-mean-square of differences of adjacent RR intervals -RRB- and frequency-domain -LRB- low frequency , high frequency , and low-frequency/high-frequency ratio -RRB- analyses of HRV were obtained by use of 24-hour Holter monitoring before and 1 week , 1 month , and 6 months after ablation . All the triggering points of AF were from PVs , and they were successfully ablated . Severe bradycardia and hypotension were noted during ablation of PVs in 6 patients -LRB- group IA -RRB- ; 24 patients without the above complication belonged to group IB . Compared with preablation values , a significant increase in mean sinus rate and low-frequency/high-frequency ratio and a significant decrease in standard deviation of RR intervals , root-mean-square of differences of adjacent RR intervals , low frequency , and high frequency were noted in groups IA and IB patients 1 week after ablation . The changes in HR and HRV recovered spontaneously in the 2 subgroups by 1 month later . These parameters of HRV did not change in the control group after the transseptal procedure . Transient autonomic dysfunction with alterations in HR and HRV occurred after ablation of focal AF originating from PVs . There are no data to evaluate the relationship between autonomic nerve function modification and recurrent atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- after circumferential pulmonary vein ablation -LRB- CPVA -RRB- . This study assesses the incremental benefit of vagal denervation by radiofrequency in preventing recurrent AF in a large series of patients undergoing CPVA for paroxysmal AF . Data were collected on 297 patients undergoing CPVA for paroxysmal AF . Abolition of all evoked vagal reflexes around all pulmonary vein ostia was defined as complete vagal denervation -LRB- CVD -RRB- and was obtained in 34.3 % of patients . Follow-up ended at 12 months . Heart rate variability attenuation , consistent with vagal withdrawal , was detectable for up to 3 months after CPVA , particularly in patients with reflexes and CVD , who were less likely to have recurrent AF than those without reflexes -LRB- P = 0.0002 , log-rank test -RRB- . Only the percentage area of left atrial isolation and CVD were predictors of AF recurrence after CPVA -LRB- P < 0.001 and P = 0.025 , respectively -RRB- . This study suggests that adjunctive CVD during CPVA significantly reduces recurrence of AF at 12 months . Vagal denervation during pulmonary vein isolation -LRB- PVI -RRB- may reduce paroxysmal atrial fibrillation -LRB- PAF -RRB- recurrences . Valid predictors of late PAF recurrence after PVI were examined . Successful segmental -LRB- S-PVI -RRB- or circumferential PVI -LRB- C-PVI -RRB- was achieved in 120 consecutive PAF patients . The 24-h Holter recordings were obtained before and after PVI . Logistic regression analysis was performed to determine independent predictors of PAF recurrence among the patient characteristics , PVI technique and heart rate variability -LRB- HRV -RRB- . Of the 120 patients , 19 were excluded from analysis because of additional ablation for recurrent PAF after successful PVI . Among the remaining 101 patients , 68 were free from PAF -LRB- Group-I -RRB- and 33 had late PAF recurrences -LRB- Group-II -RRB- at 1-year follow-up . By multivariate analysis , the PVI technique , HF and LF/HF were independent predictors of PAF recurrence -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . Vagal denervation may prevent late PAF recurrence independent of the PVI technique . Modulation of the intrinsic cardiac autonomic nervous system -LRB- ICANS -RRB- has been described to occur during radiofrequency pulmonary vein -LRB- PV -RRB- isolation for paroxysmal atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- and has been controversially proposed to increase clinical success . Energy source used for PV isolation might influence ICANS modulation . The effect of balloon-delivered cryoenergy on the ICANS is unknown . We conducted a study investigating acute periprocedural effect on ICAN as well as changes in heart rate variability -LRB- HRV -RRB- for standard deviation of normal-to-normal intervals -LRB- SDNN -RRB- and triangular index -LRB- TI -RRB- as surrogates for ICANS modulation after cryoballoon PV isolation . Fourteen consecutive patients without structural heart disease underwent cryoballoon PV isolation for paroxysmal atrial fibrillation . Acute changes in heart rate requiring pacing during the procedure were recorded . HRV was tested by Holter ECG for SDNN and TI before ablation and after 1 week , 1 month , and 3 months following ablation . Fifty-five out of 56 PV were isolated -LRB- 98 % -RRB- with short-term 6-month freedom from paroxysmal AF of 64 % by one single procedure . Five patients -LRB- 36 % -RRB- showed significant bradycardia during balloon thawing requiring temporary pacing . HRV decreased significantly immediately after PV isolation for both SDNN and TI until 1 month , gradually normalizing toward 3 months follow-up . HRV modulation was not different between patients with or without AF recurrences . Cryoballoon PV isolation significantly modulates the ICANS , but only temporarily for up to 3 months , measured by HRV changes after ablation . This study aims to evaluate a method to detect heart rate variability -LRB- HRV -RRB- changes using short ECG segments during ablation for arrhythmias . HRV was averaged from sequentially shorter time windows from 5-min ECG recordings in 15 healthy volunteers . The 40-s window was identified as the shortest duration that yielded reproducible values in high frequency -LRB- HF -RRB- and low frequency -LRB- LF
To standardize outcome measures in systemic lupus erythematosus -LRB- SLE -RRB- . Three indices were identified which could adequately describe outcome -LRB- disease activity , damage from disease , and health status -RRB- ; we describe here the development of the Disease Activity Index . Twenty-four variables were identified as important factors in a disease activity index . These were used to generate 574 patient profiles , which were rated on a disease activity scale of 0-10 by 14 rheumatologists . A second rating of 10 of the profiles yielded scores that were not significantly different from the first , indicating that experienced clinicians can reliably make global estimates of disease activity . Multiple regression models were used to estimate the relative importance of the 24 clinical variables in the physicians ' global rating of disease activity . These were estimated on a `` training set '' of 75 % of physicians ' ratings , and then validated on a `` testing set , '' consisting of the remaining 25 % of physicians ' ratings . The explanatory power of the models in the training set was high -LRB- R2 = 0.93 -RRB- . The models ' regression coefficients for the organ systems were simplified for easier use in clinical practice . This generated a `` weighted '' index of 9 organ systems for disease activity in SLE , the SLEDAI , as follows : 8 for central nervous system and vascular , 4 for renal and musculoskeletal , 2 for serosal , dermal , immunologic , and 1 for constitutional and hematologic . The maximum theoretical score is 105 , but in practice , few patients have scores greater than 45 . The SLEDAI predicted well the physicians ' ratings in the testing set -LRB- Pearson 's correlation coefficients = 0.64-0.79 -RRB- . The SLEDAI is a validated model of experienced clinicians ' global assessments of disease activity in lupus . It represents the consensus of a group of experts in the field of lupus research . To examine the internal consistency and validity of the Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics/American College of Rheumatology Damage Index -LRB- SDI -RRB- with respect to disease activity , health status , and medication score . A prospective cross sectional study of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus -LRB- SLE -RRB- attending a specialist lupus outpatient clinic between July 1994 and February 1995 . The internal consistency of the SDI components was examined using Cronbach 's coefficient alpha . The associations of the SDI components with disease activity measured by the British Isles Lupus Assessment Group -LRB- BILAG -RRB- index , health status measured by the Medical Outcomes Study -LRB- MOS -RRB- Short Form 20 , and with a medication score were analyzed using Spearman 's rank correlation coefficient -LRB- p -RRB- . 133 women and 8 men ranging in age from 20.1 to 88.7 years -LRB- mean 41.1 , SD 12.5 -RRB- were studied . With few exceptions , the components of the SDI that reflect damage in different organ systems were not associated with each other . We found a significant although weak relationship between some related SDI and BILAG components -LRB- p 0.25 to 0.28 ; p < 0.01 -RRB- . Renal and neuropsychiatric damage were associated significantly with the medication score -LRB- p 0.27 and 0.23 ; p < 0.01 -RRB- . However , damage in different organ systems in SLE does not follow a common pattern . It is thus suggested that the SDI profile be used in addition to the SDI total score as an endpoint in clinical and epidemiological studies . The PedsQL -LRB- Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory -RRB- -LRB- Children 's Hospital and Health Center , San Diego , California -RRB- is a modular instrument for measuring health-related quality of life -LRB- HRQOL -RRB- in children and adolescents ages 2 to 18 . The PedsQL 4.0 Generic Core Scales are multidimensional child self-report and parent proxy-report scales developed as the generic core measure to be integrated with the PedsQL Disease-Specific Modules . The PedsQL 4.0 Generic Core Scales consist of 23 items applicable for healthy school and community populations , as well as pediatric populations with acute and chronic health conditions . The 4 PedsQL 4.0 Generic Core Scales -LRB- Physical , Emotional , Social , School -RRB- were administered to 963 children and 1,629 parents -LRB- 1,677 subjects accrued overall -RRB- recruited from pediatric health care settings . Item-level and scale-level measurement properties were computed . Internal consistency reliability for the Total Scale Score -LRB- alpha = 0.88 child , 0.90 parent report -RRB- , Physical Health Summary Score -LRB- alpha = 0.80 child , 0.88 parent -RRB- , and Psychosocial Health Summary Score -LRB- alpha = 0.83 child , 0.86 parent -RRB- were acceptable for group comparisons . Validity was demonstrated using the known-groups method , correlations with indicators of morbidity and illness burden , and factor analysis . The PedsQL distinguished between healthy children and pediatric patients with acute or chronic health conditions , was related to indicators of morbidity and illness burden , and displayed a factor-derived solution largely consistent with the a priori conceptually-derived scales . The results demonstrate the reliability and validity of the PedsQL 4.0 Generic Core Scales . The PedsQL 4.0 Generic Core Scales may be applicable in clinical trials , research , clinical practice , school health settings , and community populations . Pediatric patients ' self-report of health-related quality of life -LRB- HRQOL -RRB- has emerged as an important patient-based health outcome . A practical , validated generic measure of HRQOL facilitates assessing risk , tracking health status , and measuring treatment outcomes in pediatric populations . The PedsQL is a brief , standardized , generic assessment instrument that systematically assesses patients ' and parents ' perceptions of HRQOL in pediatric patients with chronic health conditions using pediatric cancer as an exemplary model . The PedsQL is based on a modular approach to measuring HRQOL
To examine the proportions of 40 bacterial species in samples from 8 oral soft tissue surfaces and saliva in systemically healthy adult subjects and to compare these microbiotas with those of supra - and subgingival plaque . Microbial samples were taken from 8 oral soft tissue surfaces of 225 systemically healthy subjects using a `` buccal brush '' . Saliva was taken by expectoration . Forty-four of these subjects provided additional supra - and subgingival plaque samples . Samples were individually evaluated for their content of 40 bacterial species using checkerboard DNA-DNA hybridization . The percentage of total DNA probe count was determined for each species , at each sample location and averaged across subjects . The significance of differences among the proportions of the 40 test species at different sample locations was sought in the 225 and 44 subjects separately using the Quade test and adjusted for multiple comparisons . Cluster analysis was performed using the proportions of the 40 species at the different sample locations using the minimum similarity coefficient and an average unweighted linkage sort . The proportions of each species were averaged across subjects in the resulting cluster groups and the significance of differences was tested using the t-test and ANOVA . Microbial profiles differed markedly among sample locations in the 225 subjects , with 34 of 40 species differing significantly . Cluster analysis resulted in the formation of 2 clusters with > 85 % similarity . Cluster 1 comprised saliva , lateral and dorsal tongue surfaces , while Cluster 2 comprised the remaining soft tissue locations . These findings were confirmed using data from the 44 subjects providing plaque samples . The microbial profiles of supra - and subgingival plaque differed from the other sample locations , particularly in the increased proportions of the Actinomyces species . Species of different genera exhibited different proportions on the various intraoral surfaces , but even within the genus Streptococcus , there were differences in colonization patterns . S. oralis , S. mitis and S. constellatus colonized the soft tissues and saliva in higher proportions than the samples from the teeth , while the other 4 streptococcal species examined colonized the dental surfaces in proportions comparable to the soft tissue locations and saliva . Proportions of bacterial species differed markedly on different intraoral surfaces . The microbiota of saliva was most similar to that of the dorsal and lateral surfaces of the tongue . The microbiotas of the soft tissues resembled each other more than the microbiotas that colonized the teeth both above and below the gingival margin . Human oral bacteria interact with their environment by attaching to surfaces and establishing mixed-species communities . As each bacterial cell attaches , it forms a new surface to which other cells can adhere . Adherence and community development are spatiotemporal ; such order requires communication . The discovery of soluble signals , such as autoinducer-2 , that may be exchanged within multispecies communities to convey information between organisms has emerged as a new research direction . Direct-contact signals , such as adhesins and receptors , that elicit changes in gene expression after cell-cell contact and biofilm growth are also an active research area . Considering that the majority of oral bacteria are organized in dense three-dimensional biofilms on teeth , confocal microscopy and fluorescently labeled probes provide valuable approaches for investigating the architecture of these organized communities in situ . Oral biofilms are readily accessible to microbiologists and are excellent model systems for studies of microbial communication . One attractive model system is a saliva-coated flowcell with oral bacterial biofilms growing on saliva as the sole nutrient source ; an intergeneric mutualism is discussed . Several oral bacterial species are amenable to genetic manipulation for molecular characterization of communication both among bacteria and between bacteria and the host .
This study was undertaken to determine whether intrapartum fevers at term are associated with markers of acute inflammation in maternal , fetal , and placental compartments . Term cases with intrapartum fever -LRB- temperature > / = 100.4 degrees F -RRB- were recruited with gestational age-matched controls . Maternal serum and umbilical vein blood were collected and assayed for interleukin-6 -LRB- IL-6 -RRB- levels . Placentas were examined for histologic chorioamnionitis . Demographic and clinical data were collected and compared between cases and controls . Forty-seven case-control pairs were analyzed . Maternal IL-6 levels were higher in cases than in controls -LRB- median of 145 pg/mL vs 42 pg/mL , P < .0001 -RRB- . Umbilical vein IL-6 levels also were higher in cases than controls -LRB- median 9 pg/mL vs 3.5 pg/mL , P = .01 -RRB- , but more than half of levels in cases were below 11 pg/mL . Only 31.1 % of febrile cases had moderate or severe histologic chorioamnionitis . Multivariable logistic regression identified maternal serum IL-6 levels , nulliparity , and number of vaginal examinations as the major predictors of intrapartum fever at term . The maternal inflammatory response as measured by maternal serum IL-6 levels is a strong marker for term intrapartum fever . The much weaker association of fetal and placental inflammatory responses suggest a smaller than expected contribution of intra-amniotic inflammation to term intrapartum fevers . We identified singleton pregnancies from 1996 in which discharge diagnoses included clinical chorioamnionitis and reviewed maternal and neonatal records for clinical evidence of chorioamnionitis and suspected or confirmed neonatal infections . Placentas were examined for acute histologic chorioamnionitis . One hundred thirty-nine pregnancies with the discharge diagnosis of maternal clinical chorioamnionitis were included . Eighty-six -LRB- 61.9 % -RRB- had the clinical diagnosis supported by histologic chorioamnionitis . Histologic chorioamnionitis was associated with an earlier gestational age at delivery -LRB- 35.7 + / -6.5 weeks versus 38.6 + / -2.9 weeks , P = .002 -RRB- , lower epidural usage -LRB- 72.1 % versus 92.5 % , P = .004 -RRB- , less internal monitoring -LRB- 47.7 % versus 75.5 % , P = .001 -RRB- , and possible neonatal sepsis -LRB- 60.5 % versus 35.8 % , P = .005 -RRB- . For 19 of 71 -LRB- 26.8 % -RRB- infants with possible neonatal sepsis , placentas did not show histologic chorioamnionitis . Clinical chorioamnionitis and possible neonatal infection were not supported by histologic evidence for infection in 38.1 % and 26.8 % of cases , respectively , suggesting other noninflammatory causes of signs and symptoms . The link between histologic acute chorioamnionitis and infection is well established in preterm deliveries , but less well-studied in term pregnancies , where infection is much less common . We conducted a secondary analysis among 195 low-risk women with term pregnancies enrolled in a randomized trial . Histologic and microbiologic evaluation of placentas included anaerobic and aerobic cultures -LRB- including mycoplasma/ureaplasma species -RRB- as well as PCR . Infection was defined as ≥ 1,000 cfu of a single known pathogen or a ≥ 2 log difference in counts for a known pathogen versus other organisms in a mixed culture . Placental membranes were scored and categorized as : no chorioamnionitis , Grade 1 -LRB- subchorionitis and patchy acute chorioamnionitis -RRB- , or Grade 2 -LRB- severe , confluent chorioamnionitis -RRB- . Grade 1 or grade 2 histologic chorioamnionitis was present in 34 % of placentas -LRB- 67/195 -RRB- , but infection was present in only 4 % -LRB- 8/195 -RRB- . Histologic chorioamnionitis was strongly associated with intrapartum fever > 38 °C -LSB- 69 % -LRB- 25/36 -RRB- fever , 26 % -LRB- 42/159 -RRB- afebrile , P < .0001 -RSB- . Fever occurred in 18 % -LRB- n = 36 -RRB- of women . Most febrile women -LSB- 92 % -LRB- 33/36 -RRB- -RSB- had received epidural for pain relief , though the association with fever was present with and without epidural . The association remained significant in a logistic regression controlling for potential confounders -LRB- OR = 5.8 , 95 % CI = 2.2,15.0 -RRB- . Histologic chorioamnionitis was also associated with elevated serum levels of interleukin-8 -LRB- median = 1.3 pg/mL no histologic chorioamnionitis , 1.5 pg/mL Grade 1 , 2.1 pg/mL Grade 2 , P = 0.05 -RRB- and interleukin-6 -LRB- median levels = 2.2 pg/mL no chorioamnionitis , 5.3 pg/mL Grade 1 , 24.5 pg/mL Grade 2 , P = 0.02 -RRB- at admission for delivery as well as higher admission WBC counts -LRB- mean = 12,000 cells/mm -LRB- 3 -RRB- no chorioamnionitis , 13,400 cells/mm -LRB- 3 -RRB- Grade 1 , 15,700 cells/mm -LRB- 3 -RRB- Grade 2 , P = 0.0005 -RRB- . Our results suggest histologic chorioamnionitis at term most often results from a noninfectious inflammatory process . It was strongly associated with fever , most of which was related to epidural used for pain relief . A more ` activated ' maternal immune system at admission was also associated with histologic chorioamnionitis . The management of a newborn born to a mother with chorioamnionitis is controversial . By using data collected on neonates born in the era of routine maternal screening for Group B Streptococcus , we calculate that the risk of early-onset sepsis in a hypothetical infant born at term to a mother with chorioamnionitis , who has a normal physical examination at birth , is likely substantially < 1 % if the mother 's screen for Group B Streptococcus was negative . This low rate of sepsis calls into question current guidelines recommending treatment of all such newborns with intravenous antibiotics for 48 hours pending the results of a blood culture . Current guidelines for the management of infants born to mothers with chorioamnionitis also raise an important ethical issue ; the recommendation to treat these infants with intravenous antibiotics is , in essence , a de facto determination of what constitutes unacceptable risk to the
COPD is a heterogeneous disease comprising a wide range of clinical phenotypes , depending on the degree to which emphysema , chronic bronchitis , reversible bronchospasm and small airways inflammation are present . Not all of these phenotypes may be represented among the subjects included in randomized controlled drug trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- in COPD , making it difficult for doctors to know to what extent RCT evidence applies to individual patients . From a respiratory health survey of adults randomly selected from the community , we have estimated the proportion of subjects with COPD who would have been eligible for inclusion in major COPD RCTs . A postal survey was sent to 3500 randomly selected individuals aged 25-75 years . Respondents were invited to complete a detailed respiratory questionnaire and pulmonary function tests . Subjects with COPD defined by post-bronchodilator spirometry were assessed against the eligibility criteria of 18 major RCTs cited in the Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease -LRB- GOLD -RRB- guidelines . Of 749 subjects completing the full survey , 117 had COPD . Of these , a median of 5 % -LRB- range 0-20 % -RRB- of subjects met inclusion criteria for the major RCTs . Of 55 subjects with COPD receiving treatment , 0-9 % -LRB- median 5 % -RRB- met inclusion criteria for the major RCTs . The major COPD RCTs on which the GOLD treatment guidelines are based may have limited external validity . Over 90 % of the COPD subjects in the community who were taking medication , did so on the basis of RCTs for which they would not have been eligible . Objective assessments of pulmonary function are considered essential for the diagnosis of asthma . The degree of reversibility of FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- considered supportive of asthma varies between international asthma guidelines . We sought to compare the relative performance of international guideline reversibility criteria for identifying impairment in persons with a significant bronchodilator response -LRB- SBR -RRB- without an asthma diagnosis . The North West Adelaide Health -LRB- Cohort -RRB- Study , a population biomedical study of 4060 subjects , conducted spirometry according to American Thoracic Society criteria . SBR was defined as postbronchodilator FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- responses of at least 12 % or 15 % of baseline values , 9 % of predicted values , or 400 mL . A self-completed questionnaire assessed current asthma -LRB- CA -RRB- , respiratory symptoms , and participant demographics . The prevalence of CA was 9.4 % -LRB- n = 380 -RRB- , whereas 1.3 % -LRB- > / = 400 mL -RRB- to 4.5 % -LRB- > / = 9 % of predicted value -RRB- of participants demonstrated an SBR in the absence of CA . With the exception of the 9 % predicted criterion , prebronchodilator mean FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- -LRB- percent predicted -RRB- in those demonstrating an SBR but no CA was significantly worse than that in the CA group . Significantly more respiratory symptoms were experienced by the SBR groups than the group without asthma . Logistic regression analyses identified different characteristics of those classified by the following criteria : 12 % and 15 % , age of 40 years or greater and household income of less than $ 40,000 ; 9 % predicted , household income of less than $ 40,000 ; 400 mL , male sex -LRB- odds ratio , 4.5 ; 95 % CI , 2.1-9.3 -RRB- . Different criteria identify different persons , but SBR by any criteria was associated with significant respiratory impairment , some of which might be attributable to asthma . Postbronchodilator change as a percentage of predicted value was the least biased of the criteria . Chlorofluorocarbon -LRB- CFC -RRB- - containing inhalers are gradually being phased out and replaced with hydrofluoroalkane -LRB- HFA -RRB- - based alternatives . The reformulation provided the opportunity to improve the inhalation technology and physical characteristics of corticosteroid formulations . QVAR contains HFA-beclomethasone dipropionate -LRB- HFA-BDP -RRB- with the steroid in solution rather than suspension , which , in combination with improved inhaler technology , produces an extrafine aerosol with a mass median aerodynamic diameter of 1.1 microm -LRB- smaller than the 3.5-4.0 microm found with CFC-BDP -RRB- . It was predicted and demonstrated that the smaller particle size of QVAR would be deposited in the lung to a greater extent than that found with CFC-BDP , particularly in the small airway , a major site of inflammation . Increased lung deposition of QVAR permits a reduction in dosage relative to CFC-BDP . Clinical evidence confirms that adult and elderly patients required approximately half the dose of QVAR to achieve the same degree of asthma control as with CFC-BDP . In long-term assessments , patients taking CFC-BDP could be switched to QVAR at half the daily dose without exacerbation of their asthma symptoms . QVAR was associated with a low overall incidence of side effects and , at the maximum recommended dose of 640 microg/d , caused no more adrenal suppression than 672 microg/d CFC-BDP . The objective of this study was to determine the lung delivery of HFA-134a-beclomethasone dipropionate -LRB- HFA-BDP -RRB- from a breath-activated inhaler -LRB- QVAR Autohaler -RRB- compared with proper and improper press and breathe -LRB- QVAR P&B -RRB- metered dose inhaler -LRB- MDI -RRB- technique . The hypothesis was that that the smaller particles of BDP from HFA-BDP would stay suspended longer in the inspiratory air of patients and thus reduce the deleterious effects of inhaler discoordination . The study was an open label , four period , cross-over design . Asthmatic patients -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- with a history of asthma symptoms , an FEV-1 of > 70 % of predicted normal , and a history of reversibility to a beta-agonist of > or = 12 % were utilized . BDP was radiolabeled with technetium-99m and delivered from the QVAR Autohaler or QVAR P&B device in patients trained to reproducibly utilize
To evaluate the safety and efficacy of etanercept for the management of hidradenitis suppurativa . In a prospective open-label phase II study , etanercept was administered subcutaneously in a dose of 50 mg once weekly for 12 weeks in 10 patients . They were followed up to 24 weeks and their disease activity and Sartorius score were assessed , with also a self-evaluation by visual analogue scale -LRB- VAS -RRB- . Disease activity was an assessment of the extent of the disease by the attending physicians who were unaware of the protocol . A > 50 % score improvement was found in six patients at week 12 and in seven patients at week 24 . All patients reported a decrease of local pain at the site of lesions after week 4 . Drainage of pus from the affected areas recurred in eight patients within 4-8 weeks after the end of administration of etanercept . The treatment was well-tolerated . Etanercept is a safe and effective therapy for hidradenitis suppurativa and decreases the extent of the disease and improves the quality of life . A double-blind , placebo-controlled trial is required to elucidate fully the role of etanercept for hidradenitis suppurativa . The clinical improvement of hidradenitis suppurativa reported in a small number of patients with antitumour necrosis factor -LRB- anti-TNF -RRB- - alpha therapies supports the hypothesis for an altered immune response in these patients . To evaluate the state of the innate and adaptive immune responses in patients with hidradenitis suppurativa . Fifty-three patients and six healthy controls were studied . Blood was sampled and subpopulations of lymphocytes were analysed by flow cytometry ; monocytes were isolated and their function was evaluated from the concentrations of TNF-alpha and interleukin -LRB- IL -RRB- -6 in supernatants of cell cultures after triggering with endotoxins -LRB- lipopolysaccharides -RRB- . TNF-alpha and IL-6 were estimated by an enzyme immunoassay . CD3/CD8 lymphocytes were lower in patients with involvement of the perineum than in controls ; patients with involvement of the breast had higher levels of natural killer -LRB- NK -RRB- cells than controls . A negative correlation was found between years lapsing since initial presentation of lesions of hidradenitis and the percentage of NK cells . Monocytes isolated from healthy volunteers were more active for the secretion of TNF-alpha and IL-6 than those of patients with hidradenitis suppurativa . A reduction in the percentage of NK cells over time and a lower monocyte response to triggering by bacterial components is observed in patients with hidradenitis suppurativa . Further research is needed to clarify if these changes are connected to an autoimmune mechanism in the pathogenesis of hidradenitis suppurativa . Hidradenitis suppurativa -LRB- HS -RRB- -- a rather common , very chronic and debilitating inflammatory skin appendage disorder with a notoriously underestimated burden of disease -- has long been a playground for the high priests of nomenclature : Ask a bunch of eminent dermatologists and skin pathologists to publicly share their thoughts on what causes HS , and they will soon get entrenched in a heated debate on whether this historical term is a despicable misnomer . Fortunately , the recently founded Hidradenitis Suppurativa Foundation -LRB- HSF ; http://www.hs-foundation.org -RRB- , to which EXP DERMATOL serves as home journal , has broken with this unproductive tradition and has encouraged publication of the current CONTROVERSIES feature . This is exclusively devoted to discussing the pathobiology of this chronic neutrophilic folliculitis of unknown origin . Although traces of terminological bickering remain visible , it does the HS experts in our virtual debate room credit that they engage in a constructive and comprehensive dissection of potential pathogenesis pathways that may culminate in the clinical picture we know under the competing terms HS or acne inversa . These experts sketch more often complementary than mutually exclusive pathogenesis scenarios , and the outlines of a conceivable consensus on the many open pathobiology questions begin to emerge in these CONTROVERSIES . Hopefully , this heralds a welcome new tradition : to get to the molecular heart of HS pathogenesis , which can only be achieved by a renaissance of solid basic HS research , as the key to developing more effective HS therapy . To evaluate the long-term efficacy of etanercept for the management of hidradenitis suppurativa . Analysis was based on the long-term follow-up -LRB- weeks 24-144 -RRB- of 10 patients enrolled in a prospective open-label phase II study ; etanercept was initially administered subcutaneously 50 mg once weekly for 12 weeks in 10 patients . Disease recurrence and the need to restart etanercept were recorded . Three patients did not report any disease recurrence . A second course of treatment with etanercept was needed in seven patients . Favourable responses were found in five ; two patients failed treatment . The first treatment course achieved long-term disease remission in almost one-third of patients . The remaining needed a second treatment course but even in that case , their disease severity at restart was significantly lower compared with baseline .
A new instrument was developed to assess the role of fear of falling in activity restriction . The instrument assesses fear of falling during performance of 11 activities , and gathers information about participation in these activities as well as the extent to which fear is a source of activity restriction . The instrument demonstrated good internal consistency reliability and showed convergent validity with other fear of falling measures . Concurrent -LRB- empirical -RRB- validity was demonstrated in that the scale was effective in differentiating among those who were expected to be afraid vs. not afraid of falling . Criterion validity was examined in relation to quality of life variables . Fear of falling was shown to be related to lower quality of life , even when controlling for related background factors . One advantage of this measure over existing measures is the possibility for differentiating fear of falling that leads to activity restriction from fear of falling that accompanies activity . This may provide useful information for those interested in treating fear of falling of promoting activity among the elderly . Fear of falling -LRB- FOF -RRB- has been correlated with an increased risk for falls , self-restriction of physical activity , and subsequent decrease in quality of life in older adults . The relationship between perceived FOF , participation restriction , and balance and mobility abilities is unclear , as results from prior studies are inconsistent . Few studies have used the Survey of Activities and Fear of Falling in the Elderly -LRB- SAFE -RRB- as a standard measure of FOF , although this survey provides both a measure of FOF and participation restriction . Only one study has explored the relationship of individual items from the SAFE with balance and mobility tests that predict fall risk . The primary purpose of this study was to investigate the relationships between FOF and participation restriction as measured by the SAFE and actual balance and mobility abilities in a diverse group of older adults . Eighty-two community-dwelling older adults -LRB- 17 men -RRB- with a mean age of 74 -LRB- SD = 8.8 ; range = 55-91 -RRB- participated in this study . The sample comprised 45 % African Americans and 54 % whites . Fear of falling and participation restriction were assessed using the SAFE , a self-assessment survey . The SAFE assesses information about participation in 11 functional activities as well as the extent to which fear is a source of participation restriction . Balance and functional mobility were measured using the Berg Balance Scale -LRB- BBS -RRB- and Timed Get Up & Go Test -LRB- TUG -RRB- , respectively . Participants were categorized as low -LRB- N = 36 -RRB- , mixed -LRB- N = 19 -RRB- , or high -LRB- N = 24 -RRB- risk for future falls based on their past fall history and results on the BBS and the TUG . Data analysis included χ -LRB- 2 -RRB- and Spearman correlation and 2 regression analyses . Both SAFE FOF and participation restriction scores were significantly correlated with BBS and TUG scores . However , SAFE participation restriction scores , but not SAFE FOF scores , predicted BBS and TUG scores . SAFE FOF scores could discriminate older adults at high risk for falls from those at mixed and low risk but could not discriminate between the mixed - and low-risk groups . The relationship between self-reported participation restriction and objectively measured balance and mobility abilities is stronger than the relationship between self-reported FOF and objectively measured balance and mobility abilities . These findings lend support to the argument that participation restriction may be the critical mediating factor between FOF , balance and mobility limitations , and fall risk . Evaluation of and intervention for FOF and fall risk without direct and specific attention to participation restriction may not yield optimal results . Older adults whose goals include both reduction in fall risk and increase in participation level may need combined treatment approaches . To identify the most common beliefs concerning the negative consequences of falling and determine whether these motivate avoidance of activity . A questionnaire assessing feared consequences of falling was completed by 224 community-living people aged older than 75 . Beliefs about the consequences of falling were related to demographic characteristics , falling history , and avoidance of activity . The questionnaires were completed again by 166 participants 6 months later . Commonly feared consequences of falling were loss of functional independence and damage to identity . These fears were correlated with avoidance of activity -LRB- after adjusting for age , sex , and recent falling history -RRB- and predicted avoidance in activity 6 months later -LRB- after adjusting for baseline levels of avoidance -RRB- . Concerns about damage to social identity , as well as functional incapacity , are common and may motivate avoidance of activity . Falling represents a major public health problem among older persons because it leads to premature mortality , loss of independence , and placement in assisted-living facilities . The purpose of this study was to assess the main features and risks for falls among persons older than 65 years of age as well as to quantify their fear of falling . A total of 354 persons older than 65 years of age were recruited at a community health centre . Characteristics of the most recent fall were obtained through detailed interviews with study participants . The Falls Efficacy Scale was used to quantify fear of falling . Falls occurred most often while walking -LRB- 49 % -RRB- . One-half of fallers -LRB- 49.1 % -RRB- sustained an injury . Head haematomas and soft tissues contusions were the most common consequences of falls . Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that having a fear of falling -LRB- odds ratio = 4.14 , 95 % confidence interval : 1.22-14.08 , P = 0.02 -RRB- and being a woman -LRB- odds ratio = 2.10 , 95 % confidence interval
Vitamin D deficiency is the most common nutritional deficiency in the United States . It is seldom measured or recognized , and rarely is treated , particularly in critically ill patients . The purpose of this study was to investigate the prevalence and impact of vitamin D deficiency in surgical intensive care unit patients . We hypothesized that severe vitamin D deficiency increases the length of stay , mortality rate , and cost in critically ill patients admitted to surgical intensive care units . We performed a prospective observational study of vitamin D status on 258 consecutive patients admitted to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit at Grady Memorial Hospital between August 2009 and January 2010 . Vitamin D levels -LRB- 25 -LSB- OH -RSB- 2 vitamin-D3 -RRB- were measured by high-pressure liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry . Vitamin D deficiency was defined as follows : severe deficiency was categorized as less than 13 ng/mL ; moderate deficiency was categorized as 14 to 26 ng/mL ; mild deficiency was categorized as 27 to 39 ng/mL ; and normal levels were categorized as greater than 40 ng/mL . Of the 258 patients evaluated , 70.2 % -LRB- 181 -RRB- were men , and 29.8 % -LRB- 77 -RRB- were women ; 57.6 % -LRB- 148 -RRB- were African American and 32.4 % -LRB- 109 -RRB- were Caucasian . A total of 138 -LRB- 53.5 % -RRB- patients had severe vitamin D deficiency , 96 -LRB- 37.2 % -RRB- had moderate deficiency , 18 -LRB- 7.0 % -RRB- had mild deficiency , and 3 -LRB- 1.2 % -RRB- of the patients had normal vitamin D levels . The mean length of stay in the Surgical Intensive Care Unit for the severe vitamin D-deficient group was 13.33 ± 19.5 days versus 7.29 ± 15.3 days and 5.17 ± 6.5 days for the moderate and mild vitamin D-deficient groups , respectively , which was clinically significant -LRB- P = .002 -RRB- . The mean treatment cost during the patient stay in the surgical intensive care unit was $ 51,413.33 ± $ 75,123.00 for the severe vitamin D-deficient group , $ 28,123.65 ± $ 59,752.00 for the moderate group , and $ 20,414.11 ± $ 25,714.30 for the mild vitamin D-deficient group , which also was clinically significant -LRB- P = .027 -RRB- . More importantly , the mortality rate for the severe vitamin D-deficient group was 17 -LRB- 12.3 % -RRB- versus 11 -LRB- 11.5 % -RRB- in the moderate group -LRB- P = .125 -RRB- . Because no deaths occurred in the mildly or normal vitamin D-deficient groups , we compared the mortality rate between severe/moderate and mild/normal vitamin D groups -LRB- P = .047 -RRB- . In univariate analysis , severe and moderate vitamin D deficiency was related inversely to the length of stay in the surgical intensive care unit -LRB- r = .194 ; P = .001 -RRB- , related inversely to surgical intensive care unit treatment cost -LRB- r = .194 ; P = .001 -RRB- and mortality -LRB- r = .125 ; P = .023 -RRB- , compared with the mild vitamin D-deficient group , after adjusting for age , sex , race , and comorbidities -LRB- myocardial infarctions , acute renal failure , and pneumonia -RRB- ; the length of stay , surgical intensive care unit cost , and mortality remained significantly associated with vitamin D deficiency . Given the importance of inflammation in acute kidney injury and the relationship between vitamin D and inflammation , we sought to elucidate the effect of vitamin D on acute kidney injury . We hypothesized that deficiency in 25-hydroxyvitamin D prior to hospital admission would be associated with acute kidney injury in the critically ill . Two-center observational study of patients treated in medical and surgical intensive care units . Two hundred nine medical and surgical intensive care beds in two teaching hospitals in Boston , Massachusetts . Two thousand seventy-five patients , aged ≥ 18 yrs , in whom serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D was measured prior to hospitalization between 1998 and 2009 . : None . The exposure of interest was preadmission serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D and categorized a priori as deficiency -LRB- 25-hydroxyvitamin D < 15 ng/mL -RRB- , insufficiency -LRB- 25-hydroxyvitamin D 15-30 ng/mL -RRB- , or sufficiency -LRB- 25-hydroxyvitamin D ≥ 30 ng/mL -RRB- . The primary outcome was acute kidney injury defined as meeting Risk , Injury , Failure , Loss , and End-stage kidney disease -LRB- RIFLE -RRB- Injury or Failure criteria . Logistic regression examined the RIFLE criteria outcome . Adjusted odds ratios were estimated by multivariate logistic regression models . Preadmission 25-hydroxyvitamin D deficiency is predictive of acute kidney injury . Patients with 25-hydroxyvitamin D deficiency have an odds ratio for acute kidney injury of 1.73 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval 1.30-2.30 ; p < .0001 -RRB- relative to patients with 25-hydroxyvitamin D sufficiency . 25-Hydroxyvitamin D deficiency remains a significant predictor of acute kidney injury following multivariable adjustment -LRB- adjusted odds ratio 1.50 ; 95 % confidence interval 1.42-2.24 ; p < .0001 -RRB- . Patients with 25-hydroxyvitamin D insufficiency have an odds ratio for acute kidney injury of 1.49 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval 1.15-1.94 ; p = .003 -RRB- and an adjusted odds ratio of 1.23 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval 1.12-1.72 ; p = .003 -RRB- relative to patients with 25-hydroxyvitamin D sufficiency . In addition , preadmission 25-hydroxyvitamin D deficiency is predictive of mortality . Patients with 25-hydroxyvitamin D insufficiency have an odds ratio for 30-day mortality of 1.60 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval 1.18-2.17 ; p = .003 -RRB- and an adjusted odds ratio of 1.61 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval 1.06-1.57 ; p = .004 -RRB- relative to patients with 25-hydroxyvitamin D sufficiency . Deficiency of 25-hydroxyvitamin D prior to hospital admission is a significant predictor of acute kidney injury and mortality in a critically ill patient population . Vitamin D plays a seminal role in many homeostatic
Although vascular brachytherapy is the only approved therapy for restenosis following bare-metal stent implantation , drug-eluting stents are now being used . Data on the relative merits of each are limited . To determine the safety and efficacy of the sirolimus-eluting stent compared with vascular brachytherapy for the treatment of patients with restenosis within a bare-metal stent . Prospective , multicenter , randomized trial of 384 patients with in-stent restenosis who were enrolled between February 2003 and July 2004 at 26 academic and community medical centers . Data presented represent all follow-up as of June 30 , 2005 . Vascular brachytherapy -LRB- n = 125 -RRB- or the sirolimus-eluting stent -LRB- n = 259 -RRB- . Target vessel failure -LRB- cardiac death , myocardial infarction , or target vessel revascularization -RRB- at 9 months postprocedure . Baseline patient characteristics were well matched . Lesion length was similar between vascular brachytherapy and sirolimus-eluting stent patients -LRB- mean -LSB- SD -RSB- , 16.76 -LSB- 8.55 -RSB- mm vs 17.22 -LSB- 7.97 -RSB- mm , respectively ; P = .61 -RRB- . Procedural success was 99.2 % -LRB- 124/125 -RRB- in the vascular brachytherapy group and 97.3 % -LRB- 250/257 -RRB- in the sirolimus-eluting stent group -LRB- P = .28 -RRB- . The rate of target vessel failure was 21.6 % -LRB- 27/125 -RRB- with vascular brachytherapy and 12.4 % -LRB- 32/259 -RRB- with the sirolimus-eluting stent -LRB- relative risk -LSB- RR -RSB- , 1.7 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 1.1-2.8 ; P = .02 -RRB- . Target lesion revascularization was required in 19.2 % -LRB- 24/125 -RRB- of the vascular brachytherapy group and 8.5 % -LRB- 22/259 -RRB- of the sirolimus-eluting stent group -LRB- RR , 2.3 -LSB- 95 % CI , 1.3-3.9 -RSB- ; P = .004 -RRB- . At follow-up angiography , the rate of binary angiographic restenosis for the analysis segment was 29.5 % -LRB- 31/105 -RRB- for the vascular brachytherapy group and 19.8 % -LRB- 45/227 -RRB- for the sirolimus-eluting stent group -LRB- RR , 1.5 -LSB- 95 % CI , 1.0-2.2 -RSB- ; P = .07 -RRB- . Sirolimus-eluting stents result in superior clinical and angiographic outcomes compared with vascular brachytherapy for the treatment of restenosis within a bare-metal stent . ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier : NCT00231257 . The aim of this study was to evaluate long-term outcome of patients treated for in-stent restenosis of bare-metal stents -LRB- BMS -RRB- . Treatment of restenosis of BMS is characterized by high recurrence rates . Vascular brachytherapy -LRB- VBT -RRB- improved outcome although late catch-up events were documented . Drug-eluting stents tested against VBT in this setting were found superior for at least the first year ; superiority at longer follow-up is uncertain . We evaluated 3-year outcome of the multicenter SISR -LRB- Sirolimus-Eluting Stents Versus Vascular Brachytherapy for In-Stent Restenosis -RRB- trial , which randomized patients with restenosis of BMS to either a sirolimus-eluting stents -LRB- SES -RRB- or VBT . Target vessel failure -LRB- cardiac death , infarction , or target vessel revascularization -LSB- TVR -RSB- -RRB- at 9 months as previously reported was significantly improved with SES . Kaplan-Meier analysis at 3 years documented that survival free from target lesion revascularization -LRB- TLR -RRB- and TVR continues to be significantly improved with SES : freedom from TLR 81.0 % versus 71.6 % -LRB- log-rank p = 0.018 -RRB- , and TVR 78.2 % versus 68.8 % -LRB- log-rank p = 0.022 -RRB- , SES versus VBT . There was no statistically significant difference in definite or probable stent thrombosis -LRB- 3.5 % for SES , 2.4 % for VBT ; p = 0.758 -RRB- . At 3 years of follow-up , after treatment of in-stent restenosis of BMS , patients treated with SES have improved survival free of TLR and TVR compared with patients treated with VBT . Stent thrombosis rates are not different between the 2 groups but are higher than reported in trials of treatment of de novo lesions .
Dalbavancin is a lipoglycopeptide antibiotic recently approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- for acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections -LRB- ABSSSIs -RRB- . It is active against gram-positive pathogens , including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus -LRB- MRSA -RRB- , and minimum inhibitory concentrations -LRB- MICs -RRB- are consistently < 0.125 µg/ml , much lower than most other anti-MRSA agents . It is approximately 95 % protein bound and is widely distributed throughout the body , achieving concentrations similar to plasma levels in numerous tissues . Dalbavancin also possesses in vitro activity against streptococci and enterococci , although activity against vancomycin-resistant enterococci is lacking . In phase 3 ABSSSI studies , dalbavancin demonstrated similar activity to vancomycin and provides a more convenient dosing regimen . Limited phase 2 data suggest dalbavancin also possesses activity in catheter-related bloodstream infections . Potential further therapeutic uses include conditions that require long-term treatment such as osteomyelitis and infective endocarditis , although data are currently lacking . The extended half-life of dalbavancin , along with its in vitro activity against gram-positive organisms with reduced susceptibility to other anti-MRSA antibiotics , suggest it could have an exciting clinical role going forward .
Total knee replacement effectively relieves arthritis pain but improvement in physical function varies . A clearer understanding of the patient attributes associated with differing levels of functional gain after TKR is critical to surgical decision making . We reviewed 8050 primary , unilateral TKR patients enrolled in a prospective registry between 2000 and 2005 who had complete data . We evaluated associations between 12-month function -LRB- SF12/PCS -RRB- and preoperative gender , age , BMI , emotional health -LRB- MCS -RRB- , knee diagnosis , quadriceps strength , and physical function -LRB- PCS -RRB- . More than 98 % of patients reported pain relief -LRB- KS pain score -RRB- . At 12 months , mean PCS gain was 13.6 points , but the distribution was bimodal . The mean gain in PCS in the 63 % of patients with greater improvement was 21 -LRB- SD = 7 -RRB- , and 4.1 -LRB- SD = 7 -RRB- in the remaining 37 % . Increased likelihood of poor functional gain was associated with older age , body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- over 40 , lower MCS , and poor quadriceps strength . While two-thirds of patients reported functional gain well above national average at 12 months post-TKR , 37 % reported limited functional improvement . Further understanding of the patient attributes associated with limited improvement will guide the design of innovative strategies to improve functional outcomes . Level II , prognostic study . See the Guidelines for Authors for a complete description of levels of evidence . To determine , at 6 weeks postsurgery , if a monitored home exercise program -LRB- HEP -RRB- is not inferior to usual care rehabilitation for patients undergoing primary unilateral total knee replacement -LRB- TKR -RRB- surgery for osteoarthritis . We conducted a multicenter , randomized clinical trial . Patients ages 45-75 years were allocated at the time of hospital discharge to usual care rehabilitation -LRB- n = 196 -RRB- or the HEP -LRB- n = 194 -RRB- . Outcomes assessed 6 weeks after surgery included the Western Ontario and McMaster Universities Osteoarthritis Index pain and physical function subscales , knee range of motion , and the 50-foot walk time . The upper bound of the 95 % confidence interval -LRB- 95 % CI -RRB- mean difference favoring usual care was used to determine noninferiority . At 6 weeks after surgery there were no significant differences between usual care and HEP , respectively , for pain -LRB- 7.4 and 7.2 ; 95 % CI mean difference -LSB- MD -RSB- -0.7 , 0.9 -RRB- , physical function -LRB- 22.5 and 22.4 ; 95 % CI MD -2.5 , 2.6 -RRB- , knee flexion -LRB- 96 ° and 97 ° ; 95 % CI MD -4 ° , 2 ° -RRB- , knee extension -LRB- -7 ° and -6 ° ; 95 % CI MD -2 ° , 1 ° -RRB- , or the 50-foot walk time -LRB- 12.9 and 12.9 seconds ; 95 % CI MD -0.8 , 0.7 seconds -RRB- . At 6 weeks , 18 patients -LRB- 9 % -RRB- allocated to usual care and 11 -LRB- 6 % -RRB- to the HEP did not achieve 80 ° knee flexion . The HEP was not inferior to usual care as an early rehabilitation protocol after primary TKR . To determine the extent to which demographic and geographic disparities exist in the use of post-acute rehabilitation care -LRB- PARC -RRB- for joint replacement . We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of 2 years -LRB- 2005 and 2006 -RRB- of population-based hospital discharge data from 392 hospitals in 4 states -LRB- Arizona , Florida , New Jersey , and Wisconsin -RRB- . A total of 164,875 individuals who were age ≥ 45 years , admitted to the hospital for a hip or knee joint replacement , and who survived their inpatient stay were identified . Three dichotomous dependent variables were examined : 1 -RRB- discharge to home versus institution -LRB- i.e. , skilled nursing facility -LSB- SNF -RSB- or inpatient rehabilitation facility -LSB- IRF -RSB- -RRB- , 2 -RRB- discharge to home with versus without home health -LRB- HH -RRB- , and 3 -RRB- discharge to an SNF versus an IRF . Multilevel logistic regression analyses were conducted to identify demographic and geographic disparities in PARC use , controlling for illness severity/comorbidities , hospital characteristics , and PARC supply . Interactions among race , socioeconomic , and geographic variables were explored . Considering PARC as a continuum from more to less intensive care in regard to hours of rehabilitation per day -LRB- e.g. , IRF → SNF → HH → no HH -RRB- , the uninsured received less intensive care in all 3 models . Individuals receiving Medicaid and those of lower socioeconomic status received less intensive care in the HH versus no HH and SNF versus IRF models . Individuals living in rural areas received less intensive care in the institution versus home and HH versus no HH models . The effect of race was modified by insurance and by state . In most instances , minorities received less intensive care . PARC use varied by hospital . Efforts to further understand the reasons behind these disparities and their effect on outcomes are needed . To synthesize professional and patient expertise with available evidence to recommend best practices for post-acute rehabilitation following primary total hip arthroplasty -LRB- THA -RRB- and total knee arthroplasty -LRB- TKA -RRB- for osteoarthritis -LRB- OA -RRB- . Two expert panels of clinicians , researchers , and patients from Canada and the US participated in a 3-round , online Delphi survey . Consensus was reached on 22 THA and 24 TKA best practice key statements . Recommendations common to both procedures included the need for supervised rehabilitation interventions provided by trained health professionals early after discharge from the acute care setting to optimize patient outcomes . Personal and environmental contextual factors were identified as influencing the process and outcomes of THA and
The effect of a humanized anti-human leukocyte antigen-DR monoclonal antibody , IMMU-114 , on the allogeneic immune response was investigated in vitro . Responder peripheral blood mononuclear cells were cocultured with inactivated self or allogeneic stimulator peripheral blood mononuclear cells in the presence of control antibody or IMMU-114 . Thymidine incorporation rates were then measured . Phenotypic changes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells and the intracellular Th1-type cytokines interleukin-2 , interferon-γ , and tumor necrosis factor-α were analyzed using flow cytometry . The concentrations of interleukin-2 , interferon-γ , and tumor necrosis factor-α in the mixed lymphocyte reaction culture medium were measured . Thymidine incorporation rates at a 1:1 responder/stimulator ratio of allogeneic , allogeneic + IMMU-114 , self , and self + IMMU-114 were 22,080.7 ± 602.4 , 2,254.5 ± 118.1 , 1,284.0 ± 227.8 , and 494.5 ± 27.5 cpm , respectively -LRB- P = .038 -RRB- . IMMU-114 decreased the frequencies of human leukocyte antigen-DR-expressing CD16 +56 + NK cells , CD19 + B cells , and CD3 +25 + activated T cells . Intracellular cytokine assay and measurement of Th1-type cytokines in the mixed lymphocyte reaction culture medium revealed that IMMU-114 significantly decreased the titers of interleukin-2 , interferon-γ , and tumor necrosis factor-α . IMMU-114 significantly suppresses the allogeneic immune response in vitro , partly through inhibition of the Th1 response . In contrast to the conventional immunosuppressive agents and nonselective T-cell-depleting antibodies , selective depletion of donor alloreactive T cells and/or host APCs , particularly DCs , represents a novel approach that can effectively control GVHD with less or no impairment of T-cell-mediated antiviral and GVL immunity . Here we report that IMMU-114 , a humanized anti-human leukocyte antigen-DR -LRB- HLA-DR -RRB- moAb , efficiently depleted human PBMCs of all APCs , including B cells , monocytes , myeloid DC type-1 -LRB- mDC1 -RRB- , mDC2 and plasmacytoid DCs -LRB- pDCs -RRB- . Early and late apoptosis of mDC1 , mDC2 and pDCs , and late apoptosis of all APC subsets , were increased by IMMU-114 treatment . Although IMMU-114 had little , if any , effect on the survival and apoptosis of non-B lymphocytes -LRB- > 80 % of which are T cells and ∼ 1-2 % of T cells express HLA-DR -RRB- , it selectively inhibited the proliferation of purified HLA-DR -LRB- + -RRB- T cells rather than HLA-DR -LRB- - -RRB- T cells . As a consequence , IMMU-114 treatment resulted in suppressed T-cell proliferation and reduced CD25 -LRB- + -RRB- alloreactive T cells in allogeneic MLRs . The short circulating half-life and side effects of IFNα affect its dosing schedule and efficacy . Fusion of IFNα to a tumor-targeting mAb -LRB- mAb-IFNα -RRB- can enhance potency because of increased tumor localization and improved pharmacokinetics . We used the Dock-and-Lock method to generate C2-2b-2b , a mAb-IFNα comprising tetrameric IFNα2b site-specifically linked to hL243 -LRB- humanized anti-HLA-DR -RRB- . In vitro , C2-2b-2b inhibited various B-cell lymphoma leukemia and myeloma cell lines . In most cases , this immunocytokine was more effective than CD20-targeted mAb-IFNα or a mixture comprising the parental mAb and IFNα . Our findings indicate that responsiveness depends on HLA-DR expression/density and sensitivity to IFNα and hL243 . C2-2b-2b induced more potent and longer-lasting IFNα signaling compared with nontargeted IFNα . Phosphorylation of STAT1 was more robust and persistent than that of STAT3 , which may promote apoptosis . C2-2b-2b efficiently depleted lymphoma and myeloma cells from whole human blood but also exhibited some toxicity to B cells , monocytes , and dendritic cells . C2-2b-2b showed superior efficacy compared with nontargeting mAb-IFNα , peginterferonalfa-2a , or a combination of hL243 and IFNα , using human lymphoma and myeloma xenografts . These results suggest that C2-2b-2b should be useful in the treatment of various hematopoietic malignancies . A humanized IgG4 anti-HLA-DR monoclonal antibody -LRB- IMMU-114 -RRB- , engineered to avoid side effects associated with complement activation , was examined for binding and cytotoxicity on leukemia , lymphoma , and multiple myeloma cell lines and chronic lymphocytic leukemia -LRB- CLL -RRB- patient specimens , followed by evaluation of the effects of IMMU-114 on extracellular signal-regulated kinase -LRB- ERK -RRB- and c-Jun N-terminal kinase -LRB- JNK -RRB- signaling pathways . IMMU-114 was toxic to mantle cell lymphoma , CLL , acute lymphoblastic leukemia , hairy cell leukemia , non-Hodgkin lymphoma -LRB- including rituximab-resistant -RRB- , and multiple myeloma cell lines , and also patient CLL cells . IMMU-114 induced disease-free survival in tumor-bearing SCID mice with early-stage disease and in models that are relatively resistant to anti-CD20 monoclonal antibodies . Despite positive staining , acute myelogenous leukemic cells were not killed by IMMU-114 . The ability of IMMU-114 to induce activation of ERK and JNK signaling correlated with cytotoxicity and differentiates the mechanism of action of IMMU-114 from monoclonal antibodies against CD20 and CD74 . Thus , antigen expression is not sufficient for cytotoxicity ; antibody-induced hyperactivation of ERK and JNK mitogen activated protein kinase signaling pathways are also required .
Atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- is the most common arrhythmia in clinical practice . Recent studies have indicated that inflammation might play a significant role in the initiation , maintenance , and perpetuation of AF . Inflammatory markers such as interleukin-6 and C-reactive protein are elevated in AF and correlate to longer duration of AF , success of cardioversion , and thrombogenesis . Furthermore , the inflammatory process might be modulated by the use of statins , angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors , or glucocorticoids . The purpose of this study is to analyze the current published reports on the relationship between inflammation and AF and the potential therapeutic options available to modulate the inflammatory milieu in AF . The presence of systemic inflammation determined by elevations in C-reactive protein -LRB- CRP -RRB- has been associated with persistence of atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- . The relationship between CRP and prediction of AF has not been studied in a large population-based cohort . CRP measurement and cardiovascular assessment were performed at baseline in 5806 subjects enrolled in the Cardiovascular Health Study . Patients were followed up for a mean of 6.9 + / -1.6 -LRB- median 7.8 -RRB- years . AF was identified by self-reported history and ECGs at baseline and by ECGs and hospital discharge diagnoses at follow-up . Univariate and multivariate analyses were used to assess CRP as a predictor of baseline and future development of AF . At baseline , 315 subjects -LRB- 5 % -RRB- had AF . Compared with subjects in the first CRP quartile -LRB- < 0.97 mg/L -RRB- , subjects in the fourth quartile -LRB- > 3.41 mg/L -RRB- had more AF -LRB- 7.4 % versus 3.7 % , adjusted OR 1.8 , 95 % CI 1.2 to 2.5 ; P = 0.002 -RRB- . Of 5491 subjects without AF at baseline , 897 -LRB- 16 % -RRB- developed AF during follow-up . Baseline CRP predicted higher risk for developing future AF -LRB- fourth versus first quartile adjusted hazard ratio 1.31 , 95 % CI 1.08 to 1.58 ; P = 0.005 -RRB- . When treated as a continuous variable , elevated CRP predicted increased risk for developing future AF -LRB- adjusted hazard ratio for 1-SD increase , 1.24 ; 95 % CI 1.11 to 1.40 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . CRP is not only associated with the presence of AF but may also predict patients at increased risk for future development of AF . Lone atrial fibrillation -LRB- LAF -RRB- is a common clinical syndrome , but its origin remains unknown . We performed endomyocardial biopsies of the right atrial septum -LRB- 2 to 3 per patient ; mean , 2.8 -RRB- and of the two ventricles -LRB- 6 per patient -RRB- in 12 patients -LRB- 10 men , 2 women ; mean age , 32 years -RRB- with paroxysmal LAF refractory to conventional antiarrhythmic treatment . As controls , we used endomyocardial biopsies -LRB- 3 to 5 per patient ; mean , 4.4 -RRB- from the right atrial septum of 11 patients with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome -LRB- WPW -RRB- undergoing resection of the abnormal AV pathway . The weight of the biopsies ranged from 2.8 to 4.5 mg . Biopsy samples were processed for histology and electron microscopy and were read by a pathologist blinded to clinical data . All patients underwent two-dimensional Doppler echocardiography ; cardiac catheterization ; coronary angiography ; and hormonal , virologic , and electrophysiological studies . All tests and WPW biopsies were normal , but all LAF atrial biopsy specimens -LRB- average , 2.8 per patient -RRB- showed abnormalities -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- . The type of abnormalities varied : Two patients had a severe hypertrophy with vacuolar degeneration of the atrial myocytes and ultrastructural evidence of fibrillolysis occupying > 50 % of the areas assessed morphometrically -LRB- P = .50 -RRB- , 8 had lymphomononuclear infiltrates with necrosis of the adjacent myocytes -LRB- 5 with fibrosis and 3 without ; P < .003 -RRB- , and 2 had only nonspecific patchy fibrosis -LRB- P = .50 -RRB- . Biventricular biopsies were abnormal in only 3 patients and showed inflammatory infiltrates similar to those found in atrial biopsies . Abnormal atrial histology was uniformly found in multiple biopsy specimens in all patients with LAF . It was compatible with a diagnosis of myocarditis in 66 % of patients -LRB- active in 25 % -RRB- and of noninflammatory localized cardiomyopathy in 17 % and was represented by patchy fibrosis in 17 % . The cause of the pathological changes , which were found only in atrial septal biopsies but not in biventricular biopsies , in 75 % of patients remains unknown . Tissue factor plays a key role in the extrinsic coagulation pathway and is induced by inflammatory cytokines . Atrial myocarditis has been detected recently in some patients with lone atrial fibrillation . Virchow 's triad of low blood flow , hypercoagulability , and endothelial dysfunction , enhances thrombus formation . The present study was designed to elucidate the role of endothelial dysfunction in thrombogenesis associated with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation . We investigated tissue factor expression in the endothelia of left atrial appendages obtained from seven patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation and cardiogenic thromboembolism . Tissues were divided into 7-13 sections and compared with control specimens from four patients who died of noncardiac events . Expression of tissue factor , von Willebrand factor and tissue factor pathway inhibitor was evaluated by immunohistochemistry . Histopathologically , inflammatory cells infiltrated the endocardium and all seven patients showed features of persistent myocarditis . Activated T cells -LSB- 15.3 + / -9.4 cells/high power field -LRB- HPF , mean + / - S.D. -RRB- vs. control 2.2 + / -4.4 / HPF -LRB- P = 0.0294 -RRB- -RSB- and a few macrophages -LSB- 5.1 + / -8.4 cells/HPF vs. control 2.4 + / -3.5 cells/HPF -LRB- P = NS -RRB- -RSB- infiltrated the endocardium . Tissue factor was overexpressed in the
To determine the relative frequencies of the different genetic forms of severe combined immunodeficiency -LRB- SCID -RRB- and whether there are distinctive characteristics of the particular genotypes . The demographic , genetic , and immunologic features of 108 infants with SCID who were treated consecutively at Duke University Medical Center were analyzed . Eighty-nine subjects were boys and 19 were girls ; there were 84 white infants , 16 black infants , and 8 Hispanic infants . Different SCID genotypes are associated with distinctive lymphocyte characteristics . The presence of NK function in ADA-deficient , autosomal recessive , and unknown type SCIDs , and low NK function in a majority of gamma c and Jak3 SCIDs indicates that some molecular lesions affect T , B , and NK cells -LRB- gamma c and Jak3 -RRB- , others primarily T cells -LRB- ADA deficiency -RRB- , and others just T and B cells . Severe combined immunodeficiency -LRB- SCID -RRB- is a syndrome of profoundly impaired cellular and humoral immunity . In humans , SCID is most commonly caused by mutations in the X-linked gene IL2RG , which encodes the common gamma chain , gamma c , of the leukocyte receptors for interleukin-2 and multiple other cytokines . To investigate the frequency and variety of IL2RG mutations that cause SCID , we analyzed DNA , RNA , and B-cell lines from a total of 103 unrelated SCID-affected males and their relatives using a combination of molecular and immunologic techniques . Sixty-two different mutations spanning all eight IL2RG exons were found in 87 cases , making possible correlations between mutation type and functional consequences . Although skewed maternal X chromosome inactivation , single-strand conformation polymorphism , mRNA expression , and cell surface staining with anti-gamma c antibodies were all helpful in establishing IL2RG defects as the cause of SCID , only dideoxy fingerprinting and DNA sequence determination each detected 100 % of the IL2RG mutations in our series . Abnormal gamma c chains may be expressed in the lymphocytes of as many as two thirds of patients with X-linked SCID . Specific mutation diagnosis thus remains technically challenging , but it is important for genetic counseling and perhaps for helping to select appropriate subjects for retroviral gene therapy trials , This is a US government work . There are no restrictions on its use . To examine the role of gamma c in lymphoid development , we have analyzed mice in which the gamma c gene was specifically inactivated by homologous recombination . These mice also serve as an animal model of human X-linked severe combined immunodeficiency -LRB- XSCID -RRB- . Interestingly , gamma c knockout mice exhibited a somewhat different phenotype than humans with XSCID . Absolute T-cell numbers are greatly diminished in young gamma c - / Y mice , but accumulate with age . gamma delta T cells and NK cells are absent in gamma c - / Y mice and conventional B cells are greatly diminished , yet substantial numbers of peritoneal B-1 cells are present . Since humans with XSCID have essentially no mature T cells , it is especially striking that T cells are readily apparent in gamma c - / Y mice . This observation indicates that in these mice , the gamma c-dependent block in T cell development is less severe than it is in humans . It is possible but unproven that thymic stromal derived lymphopoietin , TSLP , contributes to thymocyte development in these mice . Since B-cell numbers are normal in humans with XSCID , it is also striking that gamma c - / Y mice paradoxically exhibit greatly diminished numbers of B cells . This likely indicates that IL-7 signaling plays a critical role in pre-B cell maturation in mice but is less important in humans . Thus , the abnormalities observed in gamma c - / Y mice have provided clues to assist in dissecting the role of cytokines and their receptors in lymphoid development and have also identified interesting differences in the regulation of this process in mice and humans .
Primary Objective • To evaluate the effect of ravulizumab , a long-acting complement -LRB- C5 -RRB- inhibitor plus best supportive care -LRB- BSC -RRB- compared with BSC alone on the survival of patients with COVID-19 . Secondary Objectives • Number of days free of mechanical ventilation at Day 29 • Duration of intensive care unit stay at Day 29 • Change from baseline in Sequential Organ Failure Assessment -LRB- SOFA -RRB- score at Day 29 • Change from baseline in peripheral capillary oxygen saturation / fraction of inspired oxygen -LRB- SpO2 / FiO2 -RRB- at Day 29 • Duration of hospitalization at Day 29 • Survival -LRB- based on all-cause mortality -RRB- at Day 60 and Day 90 Safety • Incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events and treatment-emergent serious adverse events . PK/PD/Immunogenicity • Change in serum ravulizumab concentrations over time • Change in serum free and total C5 concentrations over time • Incidence and titer of anti-ALXN1210 antibodies Biomarkers • Change in absolute level of soluble biomarkers in blood associated with complement activation , inflammatory processes , and hypercoagulable states over time Exploratory • Incidence of progression to renal failure requiring dialysis at Day 29 • Time to clinical improvement -LRB- based on a modified 6-point ordinal scale -RRB- over 29 days • SF-12 Physical Component Summary -LRB- PCS -RRB- and Mental Component Summary -LRB- MCS -RRB- scores at Day 29 -LRB- or discharge -RRB- , Day 60 , and Day 90 • EuroQol 5-dimension 5-level -LRB- EQ-5D-5L -RRB- scores at Day 29 -LRB- or discharge -RRB- , Day 60 , and Day 90 TRIAL DESIGN : This is a multicenter Phase 3 , open-label , randomized , controlled , study . The study is being conducted in acute care hospital settings in the United States , United Kingdom , Spain , France , Germany , and Japan . Male or female patients at least 18 years of age , weighing ≥ 40 kg , admitted to a designated hospital facility for treatment will be screened for eligibility in this study . b. Investigational antiviral therapies -LRB- such as remdesivir -RRB- will be allowed even if received as part of a clinical study . The study consists of a Screening Period of up to 3 days , a Primary Evaluation Period of 4 weeks , a final assessment at Day 29 , and a Follow-up Period of 8 weeks . For patients randomized to ravulizumab plus BSC , a weight-based dose of ravulizumab -LRB- ≥ 40 to < 60 kg/2400 mg , 60 to < 100 kg/2700 mg , ≥ 100 kg/3000 mg -RRB- will be administered on Day 1 . On Day 5 and Day 10 , additional doses of 600 mg -LRB- ≥ 40 to < 60 kg -RRB- or 900 mg -LRB- > 60 kg -RRB- ravulizumab will be administered and on Day 15 patients will receive 900 mg ravulizumab . There is no active or placebo comparator in this open-label clinical trial . The total duration of each patient 's participation is anticipated to be approximately 3 months . The primary efficacy outcome of this study is survival -LRB- based on all-cause mortality -RRB- at Day 29 . Patients will be randomized in a 2:1 ratio -LRB- ravulizumab plus BSC : BSC alone -RRB- . Randomization will be stratified by intubated or not intubated on Day 1 . Computer-generated randomization lists will be prepared by a third party under the direction of the sponsor . The block size will be kept concealed so that investigators can not select patients for a particular treatment assignment . Blinding -LRB- masking -RRB- : This is an open-label study . Numbers to be randomised -LRB- sample size -RRB- : Approximately 270 patients will be randomly assigned in a 2:1 ratio to ravulizumab plus BSC -LRB- n = 180 -RRB- or BSC alone -LRB- n = 90 -RRB- . Protocol Number : ALXN1210-COV-305 Original Protocol : 09 Apr 2020 Protocol Amendment 1 -LRB- Global -RRB- : 13 Apr 2020 Protocol Amendment 2 -LRB- Global -RRB- : 17 Apr 2020 Protocol Amendment 3 -LRB- Global -RRB- : 09 Jun 2020 Recruitment is currently ongoing . Recruitment was initiated on 11 May 2020 . We expect recruitment to be completed by 30 Nov 2020 . Clinicaltrials.gov : Protocol Registry Number : NCT04369469 ; First posted ; 30 Apr 2020 EU Clinical Trials Register : EudraCT Number : https://www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu/ctr-search/search?query=ALXN1210-COV-305 , Start date : 07 May 2020 FULL PROTOCOL : The full redacted protocol is attached as an additional file , accessible from the Trials website -LRB- Additional file 1 -RRB- . In the interest in expediting dissemination of this material , the familiar formatting has been eliminated ; this Letter serves as a summary of the key elements of the full protocol .
This systematic review aimed to determine the effectiveness of acupuncture in reducing pain caused by plantar fasciitis . Online literature searches were performed on the PubMed and Cochrane Library databases for studies on the use of acupuncture for pain caused by plantar fasciitis . Three studies that compared acupuncture with standard treatment and one study on real versus sham acupuncture were found . These showed that acupuncture significantly reduced pain levels in patients with plantar fasciitis , as measured on the visual analogue scale and the Plantar Fasciitis Pain/Disability Scale . These benefits were noted between four and eight weeks of treatment , with no further significant reduction in pain beyond this duration . Side effects were found to be minimal . Although acupuncture may reduce plantar fasciitis pain in the short term , there is insufficient evidence for a definitive conclusion regarding its effectiveness in the longer term .
To investigate this I have now developed an animal model where changes occur in the threshold and responsiveness of the flexor reflex following peripheral injury that are analogous to the sensory changes found in man . Electrophysiological analysis of the injury-induced increase in excitability of the flexion reflex shows that it in part arises from changes in the activity of the spinal cord . The long-term consequences of noxious stimuli result , therefore , from central as well as from peripheral changes . The central terminals of cutaneous primary afferent neurons are spatially ordered in the dorsal horn in a highly organized fashion such that a point-to-point map represents the body surface . This afferent terminal somatotopic map correlates with the map of the receptive fields of the cells on which they terminate . The location , size and modality of the cutaneous receptive fields of dorsal horn neurons necessarily depend upon the anatomical presence of afferent nerve fibres which deliver information from the periphery , directly or indirectly , to the cells . However the receptive field size and modality of a cell do not depend only on anatomical connections . Excitatory and inhibitory interneurons , descending influences and facilitations or depressions of synaptic contacts can alter receptive field properties . Here we show that prolonged and substantial cutaneous receptive field changes can be produced by brief inputs from peripheral unmyelinated afferent fibres .
c-Myc expression repressed HIV-1 expression in chronically infected cell lines . Chromatin immunoprecipitation -LRB- ChIP -RRB- assays revealed that c-Myc and HDAC1 are coordinately resident at the HIV-1 long terminal repeat -LRB- LTR -RRB- promoter and absent from the promoter after VPA treatment in concert with histone acetylation , RNA polymerase II recruitment , and LTR expression . Sequential ChIP assays demonstrated that c-Myc , Sp1 , and HDAC1 coexist in the same DNA-protein complex at the HIV promoter . Short hairpin RNA inhibition of c-Myc reduces both c-Myc and HDAC1 occupancy , blocks c-Myc repression of Tat activation , and increases LTR expression . These results expand the understanding of mechanisms that recruit HDAC and maintain the latency of HIV-1 , suggesting novel therapeutic approaches against latent proviral HIV infection . A recent publication in Lancet by Dr. David Margolis and colleagues raised the prospect that HIV infection may be curable . In this pilot study , which received much attention from the press , Dr. Margolis ` group found that valproic acid plus enfuvirtide reduces the pool of CD4 + T-cells , which are latently infected with HIV-1 , the so-called viral reservoir . This commentary critically addresses current data on this topic .
To review the technique and clinical application of high-frequency percussive ventilation in critically ill patients . Literature search and descriptive review . High-frequency percussive ventilation is a time-cycled , pressure-limited mode of ventilation that delivers subphysiologic tidal volumes at rates that can exceed 500 breaths/min . This modality has been used to manage severe lung disease in the neonatal and pediatric population , treat inhalation injury in pediatric and adult patients , and as salvage therapy in adult patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome . It reliably improves oxygenation and provides adequate ventilation at lower peak pressures than conventional ventilation . Adequately powered , randomized , prospective studies demonstrating significant mortality benefit have not yet been performed . Traditional approaches to mechanical ventilation use tidal volumes of 10 to 15 ml per kilogram of body weight and may cause stretch-induced lung injury in patients with acute lung injury and the acute respiratory distress syndrome . We therefore conducted a trial to determine whether ventilation with lower tidal volumes would improve the clinical outcomes in these patients . Patients with acute lung injury and the acute respiratory distress syndrome were enrolled in a multicenter , randomized trial . The trial compared traditional ventilation treatment , which involved an initial tidal volume of 12 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight and an airway pressure measured after a 0.5-second pause at the end of inspiration -LRB- plateau pressure -RRB- of 50 cm of water or less , with ventilation with a lower tidal volume , which involved an initial tidal volume of 6 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight and a plateau pressure of 30 cm of water or less . The primary outcomes were death before a patient was discharged home and was breathing without assistance and the number of days without ventilator use from day 1 to day 28 . The trial was stopped after the enrollment of 861 patients because mortality was lower in the group treated with lower tidal volumes than in the group treated with traditional tidal volumes -LRB- 31.0 percent vs. 39.8 percent , P = 0.007 -RRB- , and the number of days without ventilator use during the first 28 days after randomization was greater in this group -LRB- mean -LSB- + / - SD -RSB- , 12 + / -11 vs. 10 + / -11 ; P = 0.007 -RRB- . The mean tidal volumes on days 1 to 3 were 6.2 + / -0.8 and 11.8 + / -0.8 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- , respectively , and the mean plateau pressures were 25 + / -6 and 33 + / -8 cm of water -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- , respectively . In patients with acute lung injury and the acute respiratory distress syndrome , mechanical ventilation with a lower tidal volume than is traditionally used results in decreased mortality and increases the number of days without ventilator use .
To determine the negative predictive value of mammography and sonography in patients with focal / diffuse breast pain with negative physical examination of the breasts . A descriptive study , conducted at Radiology Department ofAga Khan University Hospital from 2006-2007 for a period of 2 years . A total of 207 women were referred for mammography and sonography because of focal or diffuse breast pain . Complete follow-up was available only in 55 patients . The outcome or gold standard was mammograms or ultrasound after an average follow-up period of 18 months with negative/benign findings or histopathology of the suspicious lesion or imaging which was the gold standard to determine the negative predictive value . Out of 55 patients , 17 -LRB- 31 % -RRB- had negative findings , benign findings were reported in 34 patients -LRB- 62 % -RRB- , and 4 -LRB- 7 % -RRB- patients were subjected to mammographically guided breast biopsy . All the biopsies were done on the basis of abnormal findings on mammograms . All of the 4 patients had no evidence of cancer on subsequent histopathology . The negative predictive value of mammography and ultrasound in women with focal or diffuse breast pain was 100 % . Breast imaging using mammography and/or sonography in women who present with local or diffuse breast pain is of significant value , to reassure the patient as well as the clinician . However if imaging findings are suggestive of pathology a biopsy should not be delayed . Breast pain is a common complaint to primary care and breast specialists . Literature recommends imaging to provide reassurance of benign etiology . The effect of imaging on reassurance and subsequent healthcare utilization has not been described . To determine if initial imaging for breast pain reduces subsequent utilization . Retrospective cohort study at a hospital-based breast health practice . Women referred for breast pain from 2006-2009 . Imaging ordered at initial provider visit ; clinical utilization , defined as the number of follow-up visits , diagnostic imaging studies , and biopsies completed within 12 months following initial visit . Sixty-percent of women were age 40 or younger , 87 % were from racial/ethnic minority groups . Twenty-five percent had imaging ordered at initial visit . In adjusted analyses , women with initial imaging had increased clinical services utilization -LRB- OR 25.4 , 95 % CI : 16.7 , 38.6 -RRB- . Women with normal clinical breast exams who received initial imaging exhibited increased odds for subsequent clinical services utilization -LRB- OR 23.8 , 95 % CI : 12.9 , 44.0 -RRB- . Six cancers were diagnosed ; imaging in the absence of clinical breast exam abnormalities did not result in any cancer identification . Initial imaging for women with breast pain increased the odds of subsequent clinical utilization and did not increase reassurance in ruling out malignancy . The most common breast problems for which women consult a physician are breast pain , nipple discharge and a palpable mass . Most women with these complaints have benign breast disease . Breast pain alone is rarely a presenting symptom of cancer , and imaging studies should be reserved for use in women who fall within usual screening guidelines . A nipple discharge can be characterized as physiologic or pathologic based on the findings of the history and physical examination . A pathologic discharge is an indication for terminal duct excision . A dominant breast mass requires histologic diagnosis . A breast cyst can be diagnosed and treated by aspiration . The management of a solid mass depends on the degree of clinical suspicion and the patient 's age . Few data exist about visits to primary care clinicians for breast symptoms in the United States . To determine how often women present with breast symptoms , how these symptoms are evaluated , and how often cancer is diagnosed . Retrospective cohort study . Staff-model division of a large health maintenance organization -LRB- HMO -RRB- in New England . 2400 women who were 40 to 69 years of age as of 1 July 1983 and were continuously enrolled in the HMO until 30 June 1995 . Information on all breast-related encounters from 1 July 1983 to 30 June 1993 was abstracted . Type of symptom , clinicians ' findings and recommendations , and all subsequent evaluations were recorded . Cases of cancer diagnosed subsequent to the symptom were determined . Sixteen percent of the HMO population presented with a breast symptom during the 10-year period , for a rate of 22.8 presentations per 1000 person-years . Women younger than 50 years of age presented nearly twice as often as older women -LRB- P = 0.001 -RRB- . Women with breast symptoms had lower rates of screening than other women before presenting but higher rates of screening afterward -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Symptoms were evaluated beyond the initial visit in 66 % of patients , and invasive procedures were performed in 27 % of patients . Cancer was found in 6.2 % of patients and 4.5 % of episodes ; rates of cancer detection varied significantly by type of symptom but not by patient age . Breast symptoms among women 40 to 70 years of age were common in this primary care practice . Evaluation beyond initial examinations was frequent , and invasive procedures were performed for 27 % of patients . Cancer was diagnosed in more than 4 % of episodes , indicating that follow-up of breast symptoms is important in primary care practices . 232 patients attending a breast clinic with breast pain as the primary presenting symptom were studied prospectively to define clinical syndromes and to attempt to elucidate aetiological factors . Those women in whom mastalgia was a minor aspect of their complaint , or who were primarily seeking reassurance that they did not have cancer , were excluded . Most mastalgia patients could be placed into well-defined subgroups on the basis of clinical , radiological
Conventional methods of rehabilitation in patients with chronic , severe motor impairments after stroke usually do not lessen paresis . A novel therapeutic approach -LRB- assisted movement with enhanced sensation -LSB- AMES -RSB- -RRB- was employed in a medical device phase I clinical trial to reduce paresis and spasticity and , thereby , to improve motor function . Twenty subjects more than 1 year poststroke with severe motor disability of the upper or lower extremity were studied . Feedback of the subject 's active torque was displayed on a monitor . Simultaneously , 2 vibrators applied a 60 pps stimulus to the tendons of the lengthening muscles , alternating from flexors to extensors as the joint rotation reversed from extension to flexion , respectively . Subjects treated themselves at home for 30 min/day for 6 months . Every other day prior to treatment , the therapy device performed automated tests of strength and joint positioning . Functional testing was performed prior to enrollment , immediately after completing the protocol , and 6 months later . Functional tests included gait and weight distribution -LRB- lower extremity subjects only -RRB- and the Stroke Impact Scale . Most subjects improved on most tests , and gains were sustained for 6 months in most subjects . No safety problems arose . The AMES strategy appears safe and possibly effective in patients with severe chronic impairments . The mechanism underlying these gains is likely to be multifactorial . To test whether treatment with assisted movement with enhanced sensation -LRB- AMES -RRB- using vibration to the antagonist muscle would reduce impairments and restore upper limb function in people with incomplete tetraplegia . Prospective , pre-post study . Laboratory and rehabilitation hospital . We recruited 15 arms from 10 individuals -LRB- 8 men ; mean age , 40.5 y ; mean years postspinal cord injury -LSB- SCI -RSB- , 3 -RRB- with chronic , incomplete tetraplegia . Two or three 20-minute sessions per week over 9 to 13 weeks -LRB- 25 sessions total -RRB- on the AMES device , which combines repeated movement with targeted vibration to the antagonist muscle . The AMES strength test scores improved significantly in metacarpophalangeal flexion -LRB- P = .024 -RRB- and extension -LRB- P = .007 -RRB- and wrist flexion -LRB- P = .001 -RRB- and extension -LRB- P < .000 -RRB- . The AMES active motion scores improved in the hand -LRB- P = .001 -RRB- and wrist -LRB- P = .001 -RRB- . The MAS and ISNCSCI scores remained unchanged , whereas the GRT scores increased -LRB- P = .025 -RRB- . Post hoc analysis showed a trend from pre - to posttreatment -LRB- P = .068 -RRB- and a significant change from pretreatment to 3-month follow-up -LRB- P = .046 -RRB- . There was no significant change in the VLT -LRB- P = .951 -RRB- or the CUE -LRB- P = .164 -RRB- . Five of the 10 participants reported a return of sensation to the digits after the first , second , or third treatment session . People with chronic , incomplete tetraplegia may experience improvements in impairments and function after treatment on a device combining assisted movement and proprioceptive stimulation . Further investigation is warranted .
Like other fluids of the human body , a gingival crevicular fluid -LRB- GCF -RRB- contains proteins , a diverse population of cells , desquamated epithelial cells , and bacteria from adjacent plaque . Proteomic tools have revolutionized the characterization of proteins and peptides and the detection of early disease changes in the human body . Gingival crevicular fluids -LRB- GCFs -RRB- are a very specific oral cavity fluid that represents periodontal health . Due to their non-invasive sampling , they have attracted proteome research and are used as diagnostic fluids for periodontal diseases and drug analysis . The aim of this review is to explore the proteomic science of gingival crevicular fluids -LRB- GCFs -RRB- , their physiology , and their role in disease detection . Several cytokines and lymphokines -LRB- IL1β , ENA78 , IL6 , TNFα , IL8 and S100A8 -RRB- are expressed during dental pulp inflammation . Analysis of gingival crevicu-lar fluid -LRB- GCF -RRB- offers a non-invasive means of studying gen-eral host response in oral cavity . Although GCF levels of various mediators could reflect the state of inflammation both in dental pulp and gingiva adjacent to a tooth , GCF samples of those without significant gingivitis could be inter-preted as reflection of pulpal process . The aim of this study was to investigate IL9 GCF values in patients with dental car-ies and to assess possible influence of various dental fillings materials on local IL9 production . The study group included 90 patients , aged 18 -- 70 , with inclusion and exclusion criteria in the prospective clinical study . Of the 6 types of material used for the restoration of prepared cavities , 3 were intended for temporary and 3 for definitive restora-tion . According to dental fillings weight , all the participants were divided into 3 groups : those with fillings lighter than 0.50 g , those with 0.50 -- 1.00 g , and those with fillings heavier than 1.00 g. Samples were taken from gingival sulcus using the filter paper technique . Clinical parameters were deter-mined by bleeding index , plaque index -LRB- Silness-Lou , 0 -- 3 -RRB- , gingival index -LRB- 0 -- 3 -RRB- , and gingival sulcus depth . Cytokine con-centrations were assessed using commercially available cy-tomix . According to the weight of dental fillings , there was a clear decreament trend of IL9 values meaning that dental defects greater than 1.00 g of dental filling were associated with lower GCF IL9 concentration . The IL9 val-ues correlated with the degree of gingival index and depth of gingival sulcus , being higher with more advanced gingivitis and more pronounced anatomical changes in the tooth edge . Different filling materials exerted various local IL9 responses . Zink polycarbonate cement and amalgam fillings induced a significant and long-lasting local IL9 decrement , while the use of Tetric EvoCeram and GMA-BISK significantly increased IL9 levels . The obtained results indicate that IL9 GCF could be regarded as a measure of odontoblasts ' re-sponse to the extensity of dental caries . The type of material used for dental fillings could profoundly alter biological func-tion of gingival and pulpal cells . Also , the results obtained in this study suggest that some materials could even enhance wound repair by modulating macrophage activation . Despite intense interest in pathways that generate reactive nitrogen species , the physiologically relevant mechanisms for inflammatory tissue injury remain poorly understood . One possible mediator is myeloperoxidase , a major constituent of neutrophils , monocytes , and some populations of macrophages . The enzyme uses hydrogen peroxide and nitrite to generate 3-nitrotyrosine in vitro . To determine whether myeloperoxidase produces nitrating intermediates in vivo , we used isotope dilution gas chromatography/mass spectrometry to quantify 3-nitrotyrosine in two models of peritoneal inflammation : mice infected with Klebsiella pneumoniae and mice subjected to cecal ligation and puncture . In striking contrast , 3-nitrotyrosine levels rose only in the mice infected with K. pneumoniae . Levels of 3-nitrotyrosine failed to increase in mice infected with K. pneumoniae that lacked functional myeloperoxidase . Our observations provide strong evidence that myeloperoxidase generates reactive nitrogen species in vivo and that it operates in this fashion only when nitrite and nitrate become available . This article was published online in advance of the print edition . The date of publication is available from the JCI website , http://www.jci.org . Examination of cadmium -LRB- Cd -RRB- toxicity and disulfiram -LRB- DSF -RRB- effect on liver was focused on oxidative stress -LRB- OS -RRB- , bioelements status , morphological and functional changes . Male Wistar rats were intraperitoneally treated with 1 mg CdCl <sub> 2 </sub> / kg BW/day ; orally with 178.5 mg DSF/kg BW/day for 1 , 3 , 10 and 21 days ; and co-exposed from 22nd to 42nd day . The co-exposure nearly restored previously suppressed total superoxide dismutase -LRB- SOD -RRB- , catalase -LRB- CAT -RRB- and increased glutathione peroxidase -LRB- GPx -RRB- activities ; increased previously reduced glutathione reductase -LRB- GR -RRB- and total glutathione-S-transferase -LRB- GST -RRB- activities ; reduced previously increased superoxide anion radical -LRB- O <sub> 2 </sub> <sup> · - </sup> -RRB- and malondialdehyde -LRB- MDA -RRB- levels ; increased zinc -LRB- Zn -RRB- and iron -LRB- Fe -RRB- , and decreased copper -LRB- Cu -RRB- -LRB- yet above control value -RRB- , while magnesium -LRB- Mg -RRB- was not affected ; and decreased serum alanine aminotransferases -LRB- ALT -RRB- levels . Histopathological examination showed signs of inflammation process as previously demonstrated by exposure to Cd . Overall , we ascertained partial liver redox status improvement , compared with the formerly Cd-induced impact . <i> Background </i> . Several studies in the last decades have focused on finding a precise method for the diagnosis of periodontal disease in its early stages . <i> Aim </i> . To evaluate from current scientific literature the most common and precise method for gingival crevicular fluid -LRB- GCF -RRB- sample collection ,
The Surveillance Research Program of the American Cancer Society 's Department of Epidemiology and Surveillance Research reports its 33rd annual compilation of cancer frequency , incidence , mortality , and survival data for the United States . Non-small-cell lung cancer -LRB- NSCLC -RRB- accounts for approximately 80 % of all lung tumors . Patients diagnosed with early-stage disease generally undergo surgery , but up to 50 % develop local or distant recurrences . The benefit of chemotherapy in this disease is modest , but new drugs and combined strategies offer hope of improved survival rates . Because the disease recurs outside the chest in 70 % of cases , one of the foremost goals of therapy is to prevent distant dissemination . To this end , chemotherapy may be administered preoperatively or after resection of the tumor . The first part of this article , which concludes next month , will address adjuvant and neoadjuvant chemotherapy in early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer . This selection from the NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology -LRB- NCCN Guidelines -RRB- for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer -LRB- NSCLC -RRB- focuses on the principles of radiation therapy -LRB- RT -RRB- , which include the following : -LRB- 1 -RRB- general principles for early-stage , locally advanced , and advanced/metastatic NSCLC ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- target volumes , prescription doses , and normal tissue dose constraints for early-stage , locally advanced , and advanced/palliative RT ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- RT simulation , planning , and delivery . Treatment recommendations should be made by a multidisciplinary team , including board-certified radiation oncologists who perform lung cancer RT as a prominent part of their practice . Among the most promising approaches to activating therapeutic antitumour immunity is the blockade of immune checkpoints . Immune checkpoints refer to a plethora of inhibitory pathways hardwired into the immune system that are crucial for maintaining self-tolerance and modulating the duration and amplitude of physiological immune responses in peripheral tissues in order to minimize collateral tissue damage . It is now clear that tumours co-opt certain immune-checkpoint pathways as a major mechanism of immune resistance , particularly against T cells that are specific for tumour antigens . Because many of the immune checkpoints are initiated by ligand-receptor interactions , they can be readily blocked by antibodies or modulated by recombinant forms of ligands or receptors . Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 -LRB- CTLA4 -RRB- antibodies were the first of this class of immunotherapeutics to achieve US Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- approval . Preliminary clinical findings with blockers of additional immune-checkpoint proteins , such as programmed cell death protein 1 -LRB- PD1 -RRB- , indicate broad and diverse opportunities to enhance antitumour immunity with the potential to produce durable clinical responses . We assessed the efficacy and safety of programmed cell death 1 -LRB- PD-1 -RRB- inhibition with pembrolizumab in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer enrolled in a phase 1 study . We also sought to define and validate an expression level of the PD-1 ligand 1 -LRB- PD-L1 -RRB- that is associated with the likelihood of clinical benefit . We assigned 495 patients receiving pembrolizumab -LRB- at a dose of either 2 mg or 10 mg per kilogram of body weight every 3 weeks or 10 mg per kilogram every 2 weeks -RRB- to either a training group -LRB- 182 patients -RRB- or a validation group -LRB- 313 patients -RRB- . We assessed PD-L1 expression in tumor samples using immunohistochemical analysis , with results reported as the percentage of neoplastic cells with staining for membranous PD-L1 -LRB- proportion score -RRB- . Response was assessed every 9 weeks by central review . Common side effects that were attributed to pembrolizumab were fatigue , pruritus , and decreased appetite , with no clear difference according to dose or schedule . Among all the patients , the objective response rate was 19.4 % , and the median duration of response was 12.5 months . The median duration of progression-free survival was 3.7 months , and the median duration of overall survival was 12.0 months . PD-L1 expression in at least 50 % of tumor cells was selected as the cutoff from the training group . Among patients with a proportion score of at least 50 % in the validation group , the response rate was 45.2 % . Among all the patients with a proportion score of at least 50 % , median progression-free survival was 6.3 months ; median overall survival was not reached . Pembrolizumab had an acceptable side-effect profile and showed antitumor activity in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer . PD-L1 expression in at least 50 % of tumor cells correlated with improved efficacy of pembrolizumab . Patients with advanced squamous-cell non-small-cell lung cancer -LRB- NSCLC -RRB- who have disease progression during or after first-line chemotherapy have limited treatment options . This randomized , open-label , international , phase 3 study evaluated the efficacy and safety of nivolumab , a fully human IgG4 programmed death 1 -LRB- PD-1 -RRB- immune-checkpoint-inhibitor antibody , as compared with docetaxel in this patient population . We randomly assigned 272 patients to receive nivolumab , at a dose of 3 mg per kilogram of body weight every 2 weeks , or docetaxel , at a dose of 75 mg per square meter of body-surface area every 3 weeks . The primary end point was overall survival . The median overall survival was 9.2 months -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 7.3 to 13.3 -RRB- with nivolumab versus 6.0 months -LRB- 95 % CI , 5.1 to 7.3 -RRB- with docetaxel . The risk of death was 41 % lower with nivolumab than with docetaxel -LRB- hazard ratio , 0.59 ; 95 % CI , 0.44 to 0.79 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . At 1 year , the overall survival rate was 42 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 34 to 50 -RRB- with nivolumab versus 24 % -LRB- 95
The extent to which diabetes mellitus or hyperglycemia is related to risk of death from cancer or other nonvascular conditions is uncertain . We calculated hazard ratios for cause-specific death , according to baseline diabetes status or fasting glucose level , from individual-participant data on 123,205 deaths among 820,900 people in 97 prospective studies . After adjustment for age , sex , smoking status , and body-mass index , hazard ratios among persons with diabetes as compared with persons without diabetes were as follows : 1.80 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 1.71 to 1.90 -RRB- for death from any cause , 1.25 -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.19 to 1.31 -RRB- for death from cancer , 2.32 -LRB- 95 % CI , 2.11 to 2.56 -RRB- for death from vascular causes , and 1.73 -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.62 to 1.85 -RRB- for death from other causes . Diabetes -LRB- vs. no diabetes -RRB- was moderately associated with death from cancers of the liver , pancreas , ovary , colorectum , lung , bladder , and breast . Aside from cancer and vascular disease , diabetes -LRB- vs. no diabetes -RRB- was also associated with death from renal disease , liver disease , pneumonia and other infectious diseases , mental disorders , nonhepatic digestive diseases , external causes , intentional self-harm , nervous-system disorders , and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . Hazard ratios were appreciably reduced after further adjustment for glycemia measures , but not after adjustment for systolic blood pressure , lipid levels , inflammation or renal markers . Fasting glucose levels exceeding 100 mg per deciliter -LRB- 5.6 mmol per liter -RRB- , but not levels of 70 to 100 mg per deciliter -LRB- 3.9 to 5.6 mmol per liter -RRB- , were associated with death . A 50-year-old with diabetes died , on average , 6 years earlier than a counterpart without diabetes , with about 40 % of the difference in survival attributable to excess nonvascular deaths . In addition to vascular disease , diabetes is associated with substantial premature death from several cancers , infectious diseases , external causes , intentional self-harm , and degenerative disorders , independent of several major risk factors . -LRB- Funded by the British Heart Foundation and others . -RRB- . An intact genotoxic stress response appears to be atheroprotective and insulin sensitizing . ATM , mutated in ataxia telangiectasia , is critical for the genotoxic stress response , and its deficiency is associated with accelerated atherosclerosis and insulin resistance in humans and mice . p53 is a major effector of ATM signaling , but it is unknown if p53 is required for the beneficial effects of chloroquine . We tested the hypothesis that the cardiometabolic effects of chloroquine are p53-dependent . ApoE-null mice with or without p53 were treated with low-dose chloroquine or saline in the setting of a Western diet . After 8 weeks , there was no p53-dependent or chloroquine-specific effect on serum lipids or body weight . Chloroquine reduced plaque burden in mice wild-type for p53 , but it did not decrease lesion extent in p53-null mice . These results indicate that atheroprotection induced by chloroquine is p53-dependent but the insulin-sensitizing effects of this agent are not . Discrete components of the genotoxic stress response might be targeted to treat lipid-driven disorders , such as diabetes and atherosclerosis .
We assessed the relationships among serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D -LSB- 25 -LRB- OH -RRB- D -RSB- , adiposity measured by body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- z-score -LRB- BMIz -RRB- , and 6 cardiometabolic risk factors -LRB- total cholesterol , high-density lipoprotein cholesterol , low-density lipoprotein cholesterol , triglycerides , interleukin-6 , and C-reactive protein -LSB- CRP -RSB- -RRB- in a cross-sectional sample of 263 racially and ethnically diverse schoolchildren from the Boston area during late winter . Multivariate regression analyses adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics and BMIz examined associations of 25 -LRB- OH -RRB- D and cardiometabolic risk factors . Overall , 74.6 % of the children were vitamin D deficient -LSB- 25 -LRB- OH -RRB- D < 50 nmol/L ; mean , 41.8 ± 13.7 nmol/L -RSB- ; 45 % were overweight or obese -LRB- 20 % and 25 % , respectively ; BMIz = 0.75 ± 1.1 -RRB- . The 25 -LRB- OH -RRB- D level was not associated with BMIz , but was positively associated with the cardiometabolic risk factor CRP -LRB- β = 0.03 ; P < .05 -RRB- . Vitamin D deficiency is highly prevalent during the late winter months in urban schoolchildren living in the northeastern United States .
No effective prophylactic or post-exposure therapy is currently available . These inhibitory effects are observed when the cells are treated with the drug either before or after exposure to the virus , suggesting both prophylactic and therapeutic advantage . In addition to the well-known functions of chloroquine such as elevations of endosomal pH , the drug appears to interfere with terminal glycosylation of the cellular receptor , angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 . Chloroquine is effective in preventing the spread of SARS CoV in cell culture . Favorable inhibition of virus spread was observed when the cells were either treated with chloroquine prior to or after SARS CoV infection . In addition , the indirect immunofluorescence assay described herein represents a simple and rapid method for screening SARS-CoV antiviral compounds . Some sources urge caution when prescribing hydroxychloroquine -LRB- HCQ -RRB- to patients with G6PDH deficiency , presumably due to a risk of hemolytic anemia . There are limited published data , however , to support this risk . Additionally , not all patients with G6PDH deficiency are at similar risk for hemolysis , and people with the African variant are at particularly low risk . Through a retrospective chart review , we aimed to quantify the frequency of G6PDH-deficient patients with hemolysis attributed to HCQ . We identified Duke University Medical Center rheumatology patients with HCQ use and a measured G6PDH level . A retrospective chart review was performed , recording demographics , G6PDH levels , episodes of anemia , laboratory values consistent with hemolysis , and HCQ use . Of the 275 patients reviewed , 84 % were female ; 46 % were African American and 48 % were white . The leading diagnoses were systemic lupus erythematosus -LRB- 32 % -RRB- , rheumatoid arthritis -LRB- 29 % -RRB- , and inflammatory arthritis -LRB- 14 % -RRB- . Only 4 % of patients were G6PDH deficient -LRB- all African American -RRB- . Two G6PDH-deficient patients had hemolysis during severe lupus flares that occurred while not taking HCQ . There were no reported episodes of hemolysis in more than 700 months of HCQ exposure among the 11 G6PDH-deficient patients . This is the largest study to date evaluating G6PDH deficiency with concurrent use of HCQ . Of 11 patients with G6PDH deficiency , 2 had episodes of hemolysis , but these did not occur during HCQ therapy . These data do not support routine measurement of G6PDH levels or withholding HCQ therapy among African American patients with G6PDH deficiency . Chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine have been found to be efficient on SARS-CoV-2 , and reported to be efficient in Chinese COV-19 patients . We evaluate the effect of hydroxychloroquine on respiratory viral loads . French Confirmed COVID-19 patients were included in a single arm protocol from early March to March 16 <sup> th </sup> , to receive 600 mg of hydroxychloroquine daily and their viral load in nasopharyngeal swabs was tested daily in a hospital setting . Depending on their clinical presentation , azithromycin was added to the treatment . Untreated patients from another center and cases refusing the protocol were included as negative controls . Presence and absence of virus at Day6-post inclusion was considered the end point . Six patients were asymptomatic , 22 had upper respiratory tract infection symptoms and eight had lower respiratory tract infection symptoms . Twenty cases were treated in this study and showed a significant reduction of the viral carriage at D6-post inclusion compared to controls , and much lower average carrying duration than reported in the litterature for untreated patients . Azithromycin added to hydroxychloroquine was significantly more efficient for virus elimination . Despite its small sample size , our survey shows that hydroxychloroquine treatment is significantly associated with viral load reduction/disappearance in COVID-19 patients and its effect is reinforced by azithromycin . The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 -LRB- SARS-CoV-2 -RRB- first broke out in 2019 and subsequently spread worldwide . Chloroquine has been sporadically used in treating SARS-CoV-2 infection . Hydroxychloroquine shares the same mechanism of action as chloroquine , but its more tolerable safety profile makes it the preferred drug to treat malaria and autoimmune conditions . We propose that the immunomodulatory effect of hydroxychloroquine also may be useful in controlling the cytokine storm that occurs late phase in critically ill patients with SARS-CoV-2 . Currently , there is no evidence to support the use of hydroxychloroquine in SARS-CoV-2 infection . The pharmacological activity of chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine was tested using SARS-CoV-2-infected Vero cells . Physiologically based pharmacokinetic -LRB- PBPK -RRB- models were implemented for both drugs separately by integrating their in vitro data . Using the PBPK models , hydroxychloroquine concentrations in lung fluid were simulated under 5 different dosing regimens to explore the most effective regimen while considering the drug 's safety profile . Hydroxychloroquine -LRB- EC50 = 0.72 μM -RRB- was found to be more potent than chloroquine -LRB- EC50 = 5.47 μM -RRB- in vitro . Based on PBPK models results , a loading dose of 400 mg twice daily of hydroxychloroquine sulfate given orally , followed by a maintenance dose of 200 mg given twice daily for 4 days is recommended for SARS-CoV-2 infection , as it reached 3 times the potency of chloroquine phosphate when given 500 mg twice daily 5 days in advance . Hydroxychloroquine was found to be more potent than chloroquine to inhibit SARS-CoV-2 in vitro .
Bronchopulmonary dysplasia -LRB- BPD -RRB- is the most common respiratory consequence of premature birth and contributes to significant short - and long-term morbidity , mortality and resource utilization . Initially defined as a radiographic , clinical and histopathological entity , the chronic lung disease known as BPD has evolved as obstetrical and neonatal care have improved the survival of lower gestational age infants . Now , definitions based on the need for supplementary oxygen at 28 days and/or 36 weeks provide a useful reference point in the neonatal intensive-care unit -LRB- NICU -RRB- , but are no longer based on histopathological findings , and are neither designed to predict longer term respiratory consequences nor to study the evolution of a multifactorial disease . The aims of this review are to critically examine the evolution of the diagnosis of BPD and the challenges inherent to current classifications . We found that the increasing use of respiratory support strategies that administer ambient air without supplementary oxygen confounds oxygen-based definitions of BPD . Furthermore , lack of reproducible , genetic , biochemical and physiological biomarkers limits the ability to identify an impending BPD for early intervention , quantify disease severity for standardized classification and approaches and reliably predict the long-term outcomes . More comprehensive , multidisciplinary approaches to overcome these challenges involve longitudinal observation of extremely preterm infants , not only those with BPD , using genetic , environmental , physiological and clinical data as well as large databases of patient samples . The Prematurity and Respiratory Outcomes Program -LRB- PROP -RRB- will provide such a framework to address these challenges through high-resolution characterization of both NICU and post-NICU discharge outcomes . Chorioamnionitis -LRB- CA -RRB- is associated with premature delivery and bronchopulmonary dysplasia -LRB- BPD -RRB- . To evaluate cord blood CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cell regulatory phenotype and pro-inflammatory cytokine production in CA and BPD groups . Cord blood mononuclear cells from infants -LRB- GA ⩽ 32 weeks -RRB- , with or without placental histological evidence of CA -LRB- hChorio -RRB- , were analyzed by flow cytometry . Clinical information was collected by retrospective chart review . Numbers of putative Treg -LRB- CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- FoxP3 -LRB- + -RRB- CD25 -LRB- + -RRB- CD127Dim -RRB- , CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- non-Tregs , and CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cell intracellular cytokine content following in vitro stimulation were compared with CA status and oxygen requirement at 36weeks postmenstrual age . However , the infants who developed BPD had a significant decrease in Treg and non-regulatory T cell numbers . Greater IL-6 production was observed in hCA group . A pro-inflammatory CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cell status is noted in CA and BPD but the later disease is also associated with decrease in Tregs , suggesting that the development of BPD is marked by distinct inflammatory changes from those of CA exposed infants .
To determine how often trophectoderm biopsy and rapid , real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction -LRB- PCR -RRB- - based comprehensive chromosome screening -LRB- CCS -RRB- alters clinical management by resulting in the transfer of a different embryo than would have been chosen by traditional day 5 morphology-based criteria . Prospective . Academic center for reproductive medicine . Infertile couples -LRB- n = 100 ; mean age 35 ± 4 years -RRB- with at least two blastocysts suitable for biopsy on day 5 . Prior to trophectoderm biopsy for CCS the embryologist identified which embryo would have been selected for traditional day 5 elective single ET . The aneuploidy risk was compared between age groups . Patients ≥ 35 years had a higher risk of an aneuploid blastocyst being selected by morphology than those < 35 years old -LRB- 31 % vs. 14 % -RRB- . Among patients who had selection altered by CCS , 74 % -LRB- 14/19 -RRB- delivered , including 77 % -LRB- 10/13 -RRB- after elective single ET . Most patients -LRB- 77 % -RRB- had an additional euploid blastocyst vitrified for future use . The CCS results alter embryo selection due to the presence of aneuploidy in embryos with optimal day 5 morphology . Excellent outcomes were obtained when CCS-based selection was different than morphology-based selection .
The identification of poor medicinal adherence is difficult because direct observation of medication use is usually impractical . Up to 50 % of individuals on chronic therapies may not be taking their medication as prescribed . This study is one of the first to explore possible risk factors for over-reporting of antihypertensive adherence using electronic medication monitoring . The adherence of 286 individuals on single-drug antihypertensive therapy in a large managed care organization was electronically monitored for approximately three months . Questionnaires on socioeconomic background , adherence to therapy , health beliefs , and social support before and after adherence monitoring were completed . Over-reporting of antihypertensive adherence was assessed by comparing the self-reported frequency of noncompliance with that determined from electronic dosing records . Risk factors for over-reporting were identified by contingency table analysis and step-wise logistic regression . Although only 21 % of participants acknowledged missing doses on one or more days per week , electronic monitoring documented nonadherence at this or a higher level in 42 % of participants . The following variables were associated with over-reporting : > 1 versus 1 daily dose -LRB- OR = 2.58 ; 95 % CI = 1.50-4.41 ; p = .0006 -RRB- , lower perceived health risk from nonadherence -LRB- OR = 1.35 ; 95 % CI = 1.10-1.64 ; p = .0035 -RRB- , and annual household income of < 15,000 dollars versus > 30,000 dollars -LRB- OR = 2.64 ; 95 % CI = 1.13-6.18 ; p = .025 -RRB- . Over-reporting of adherence may be affected by factors related to dosing frequency , health beliefs and socioeconomic status . This topic deserves further investigation in other patient populations to elucidate possible underlying behavioral explanations . To evaluate if antihypertensive regimens that conform to present FDA guidelines by maintaining > or = 50 % of their peak effect at the end of the dosing interval protect patients during sporadic lapses in adherence . Blood pressures were measured during non-study office visits and were retrieved from automated medical records . Questionnaires were used to obtain other covariate information . The ratio of the dosing interval to the half-life of drug activity -LRB- I ' -RRB- was used to capture conformity with FDA guidelines . Data analysis focused on the interaction between I ' and the impact on blood pressure of delayed dosing . Lisinopril followed by sustained-release verapamil , atenolol , and hydrochlorothiazide were the most frequently prescribed agents . The majority of regimens -LRB- 99 % -RRB- conformed to FDA dosing guidelines . Of the patients 23 % missed a dose before their blood pressure check . Non-adherence , however , did not have a direct impact on blood pressure , and no interaction with I ' of was detected . Among patients with relatively mild hypertension on single-drug therapy , regimens that conform to current FDA dosing guidelines may prevent losses of blood pressure control during episodic lapses of adherence . These findings should be replicated in other patient populations with standardized blood pressure measurement to confirm their validity .
Our objective was to revise the definition of acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- ARDS -RRB- using a conceptual model incorporating reliability and validity , and a novel iterative approach with formal evaluation of the definition . The European Society of Intensive Care Medicine identified three chairs with broad expertise in ARDS who selected the participants and created the agenda . After 2 days of consensus discussions a draft definition was developed , which then underwent empiric evaluation followed by consensus revision . The Berlin Definition of ARDS maintains a link to prior definitions with diagnostic criteria of timing , chest imaging , origin of edema , and hypoxemia . Patients may have ARDS if the onset is within 1 week of a known clinical insult or new/worsening respiratory symptoms . For the bilateral opacities on chest radiograph criterion , a reference set of chest radiographs has been developed to enhance inter-observer reliability . The pulmonary artery wedge pressure criterion for hydrostatic edema was removed , and illustrative vignettes were created to guide judgments about the primary cause of respiratory failure . If no risk factor for ARDS is apparent , however , objective evaluation -LRB- e.g. , echocardiography -RRB- is required to help rule out hydrostatic edema . A minimum level of positive end-expiratory pressure and mutually exclusive PaO -LRB- 2 -RRB- / FiO -LRB- 2 -RRB- thresholds were chosen for the different levels of ARDS severity -LRB- mild , moderate , severe -RRB- to better categorize patients with different outcomes and potential responses to therapy . This panel addressed some of the limitations of the prior ARDS definition by incorporating current data , physiologic concepts , and clinical trials results to develop the Berlin definition , which should facilitate case recognition and better match treatment options to severity in both research trials and clinical practice . To describe the final recommendations of the Pediatric Acute Lung Injury Consensus Conference . Consensus conference of experts in pediatric acute lung injury . Not applicable . PICU patients with evidence of acute lung injury or acute respiratory distress syndrome . None . A panel of 27 experts met over the course of 2 years to develop a taxonomy to define pediatric acute respiratory distress syndrome and to make recommendations regarding treatment and research priorities . When published , data were lacking a modified Delphi approach emphasizing strong professional agreement was used . A panel of 27 experts met over the course of 2 years to develop a taxonomy to define pediatric acute respiratory distress syndrome and to make recommendations regarding treatment and research priorities . When published data were lacking a modified Delphi approach emphasizing strong professional agreement was used . The Pediatric Acute Lung Injury Consensus Conference experts developed and voted on a total of 151 recommendations addressing the following topics related to pediatric acute respiratory distress syndrome : 1 -RRB- Definition , prevalence , and epidemiology ; 2 -RRB- Pathophysiology , comorbidities , and severity ; 3 -RRB- Ventilatory support ; 4 -RRB- Pulmonary-specific ancillary treatment ; 5 -RRB- Nonpulmonary treatment ; 6 -RRB- Monitoring ; 7 -RRB- Noninvasive support and ventilation ; 8 -RRB- Extracorporeal support ; and 9 -RRB- Morbidity and long-term outcomes . There were 132 recommendations with strong agreement and 19 recommendations with weak agreement . Once restated , the final iteration of the recommendations had none with equipoise or disagreement . The Consensus Conference developed pediatric-specific definitions for acute respiratory distress syndrome and recommendations regarding treatment and future research priorities . These are intended to promote optimization and consistency of care for children with pediatric acute respiratory distress syndrome and identify areas of uncertainty requiring further investigation . Mortality in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- ARDS -RRB- remains high . These patients require mechanical ventilation strategies that include high positive end-expiratory pressure -LRB- PEEP -RRB- . It remains controversial whether high PEEP can improve outcomes for ARDS patients , especially patients who show improvement in oxygenation in response to PEEP . In this meta-analysis , we aimed to evaluate the effects of high PEEP on ARDS patients . We electronically searched randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- reported in the MEDLINE , CENTRAL , EMBASE , CINAHL and Web of Science databases from January 1990 to December 2017 . Meta-analyses of the effects of PEEP on survival in adults with ARDS were conducted using the methods recommended by the Cochrane Collaboration . A total of 3612 patients from nine randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- were included . There were 1794 and 1818 patients in the high and low PEEP groups , respectively . Hospital mortality showed no significant difference between the high and low PEEP groups -LRB- RR = 0.92 ; 95 % CI , 0.79 to 1.07 ; P = 0.26 -RRB- . Similar results were found for 28-d mortality -LRB- RR = 0.88 ; 95 % CI , 0.72 to 1.07 ; P = 0.19 -RRB- and ICU mortality -LRB- RR = 0.83 ; 95 % CI , 0.65 to 1.07 ; P = 0.15 -RRB- . For ARDS patients in the low PEEP group who received a PEEP level lower than 10 cmH <sub> 2 </sub> O -LRB- from 6 RCTs -RRB- , ICU mortality was lower in the high PEEP group than the low PEEP group -LRB- RR = 0.65 ; 95 % CI , 0.45 to 0.94 ; P = 0.02 -RRB- . For ARDS patients who responded to increased PEEP by improved oxygenation , high PEEP could reduce hospital mortality , ICU mortality and 28-d mortality . High PEEP does not increase the risk of clinically objectified barotrauma . To determine if tidal volume -LRB- VT -RRB- between 6 and 10 ml/kg body weight using pressure control ventilation affects outcome for children with acute hypoxemic respiratory failure -LRB- AHRF -RRB- or acute lung injury -LRB- ALI -RRB- . To validate lung injury severity markers such as oxygenation index -LRB- OI -RRB- , PaO2/FiO2 -LRB- PF -RRB-
This article discusses the prevention of venous thromboembolism -LRB- VTE -RRB- and is part of the Antithrombotic and Thrombolytic Therapy : American College of Chest Physicians Evidence-Based Clinical Practice Guidelines -LRB- 8th Edition -RRB- . Grade 1 recommendations are strong and indicate that the benefits do or do not outweigh risks , burden , and costs . Grade 2 suggestions imply that individual patient values may lead to different choices -LRB- for a full discussion of the grading , see the `` Grades of Recommendation '' chapter by Guyatt et al -RRB- . Among the key recommendations in this chapter are the following : we recommend that every hospital develop a formal strategy that addresses the prevention of VTE -LRB- Grade 1A -RRB- . We recommend against the use of aspirin alone as thromboprophylaxis for any patient group -LRB- Grade 1A -RRB- , and we recommend that mechanical methods of thromboprophylaxis be used primarily for patients at high bleeding risk -LRB- Grade 1A -RRB- or possibly as an adjunct to anticoagulant thromboprophylaxis -LRB- Grade 2A -RRB- . For patients undergoing major general surgery , we recommend thromboprophylaxis with a low-molecular-weight heparin -LRB- LMWH -RRB- , low-dose unfractionated heparin -LRB- LDUH -RRB- , or fondaparinux -LRB- each Grade 1A -RRB- . We recommend routine thromboprophylaxis for all patients undergoing major gynecologic surgery or major , open urologic procedures -LRB- Grade 1A for both groups -RRB- , with LMWH , LDUH , fondaparinux , or intermittent pneumatic compression -LRB- IPC -RRB- . For patients undergoing elective hip or knee arthroplasty , we recommend one of the following three anticoagulant agents : LMWH , fondaparinux , or a vitamin K antagonist -LRB- VKA -RRB- ; international normalized ratio -LRB- INR -RRB- target , 2.5 ; range , 2.0 to 3.0 -LRB- each Grade 1A -RRB- . For patients undergoing hip fracture surgery -LRB- HFS -RRB- , we recommend the routine use of fondaparinux -LRB- Grade 1A -RRB- , LMWH -LRB- Grade 1B -RRB- , a VKA -LRB- target INR , 2.5 ; range , 2.0 to 3.0 -RRB- -LSB- Grade 1B -RSB- , or LDUH -LRB- Grade 1B -RRB- . We recommend that patients undergoing hip or knee arthroplasty or HFS receive thromboprophylaxis for a minimum of 10 days -LRB- Grade 1A -RRB- ; for hip arthroplasty and HFS , we recommend continuing thromboprophylaxis > 10 days and up to 35 days -LRB- Grade 1A -RRB- . We recommend that all major trauma and all spinal cord injury -LRB- SCI -RRB- patients receive thromboprophylaxis -LRB- Grade 1A -RRB- . In patients admitted to hospital with an acute medical illness , we recommend thromboprophylaxis with LMWH , LDUH , or fondaparinux -LRB- each Grade 1A -RRB- . We recommend that , on admission to the ICU , all patients be assessed for their risk of VTE , and that most receive thromboprophylaxis -LRB- Grade 1A -RRB- . Between 1975 and 1993 , lung resections were performed in 1735 patients because of malignancies , with an early postoperative mortality of 7.2 % -LRB- 125 patients -RRB- . Early postoperatively acute cardiorespiratory failure was experienced by 32 patients -LRB- 1.85 % -RRB- , of whom 26 died despite immediate resuscitation measures . In 20/26 patients autopsy was performed revealing central pulmonary embolism as the cause of death in 19 of them . In one patient a rupture of the free posterior left ventricular wall following transmural myocardial infarction was found . Two patients who could be resuscitated successfully were operated on with extracorporeal circulation after pulmonary angiography had been performed to confirm the diagnosis ; however they died 2 days later of right heart failure . Of the survivors three cases had myocardial infarctions , one patient had arrhythmias of unknown etiology . Immediate embolectomy with the use of extracorporeal circulation was performed in two patients , only on the ground of suspected pulmonary embolism and without further diagnostic measures . Both patients survived . Of the 23 cases , with proven pulmonary embolism 17 were still under postoperative prophylaxis with heparin . Six patients were already fully mobilized . We conclude that massive pulmonary embolism is a frequent early postoperative fatal complication after lung resections , which can not be safely prevented by postoperative heparinization . The only successful life-saving measure in the case of central pulmonary embolism is immediate pulmonary embolectomy , if necessary without further diagnostic measures . To determine the incidence of thromboembolism in relation to thoracotomy , 77 patients undergoing pulmonary resection were prospectively studied up to 30 days postoperatively for deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism . Overall , 20 of 77 patients -LRB- 26 % -RRB- had thromboembolic events during their hospitalization . Four deep venous thromboses and 1 pulmonary embolism were detected in 5 of 77 patients preoperatively for an incidence of 6 % . Postoperative thromboembolism was detected in 15 of 77 -LRB- 19 % -RRB- : deep venous thrombosis in 11 -LRB- 14 % -RRB- and pulmonary embolism in 4 -LRB- 5 % -RRB- . No postoperative thromboembolisms occurred in the 17 patients receiving preoperative aspirin or ibuprofen , whereas they did occur in 25 % of the remainder -LRB- 15/60 -RRB- . Thromboembolism after pulmonary resection was more frequent with bronchogenic carcinoma than with metastatic cancer or benign disease -LRB- 15/59 -LSB- 25 % -RSB- versus 0/18 -LSB- 0 % -RSB- ; p < 0.01 -RRB- , adenocarcinoma compared with other types of carcinoma -LRB- 11/25 -LSB- 44 % -RSB- versus 4/34 -LSB- 12 % -RSB- ; p < 0.0004 -RRB- , large primary lung cancer -LRB- > 3 cm in diameter -RRB- compared with smaller lesions -LRB- 9/19 -LSB- 47 % -RSB- versus 6/40 -LSB- 15 % -RSB- ; p < 0.0001 -RRB- , stage II compared with stage I -LRB- 7/14 -LSB- 50 % -RSB- versus 7/34 -LSB- 21 % -RSB- ; p < 0.04 -RRB- , and pneumonectomy or lobectomy compared with segmentectomy and wedge resection -LRB- 14/49 -LSB- 29 % -RSB-
A random-primed complementary DNA library was constructed from plasma containing the uncharacterized non-A , non-B hepatitis -LRB- NANBH -RRB- agent and screened with serum from a patient diagnosed with NANBH . A complementary DNA clone was isolated that was shown to encode an antigen associated specifically with NANBH infections . This molecular approach should be of great value in the isolation and characterization of other unidentified infectious agents . Representational difference analysis was used to isolate unique sequences present in more than 90 percent of Kaposi 's sarcoma -LRB- KS -RRB- tissues obtained from patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome -LRB- AIDS -RRB- . These sequences were not present in tissue DNA from non-AIDS patients , but were present in 15 percent of non-KS tissue DNA samples from AIDS patients . The sequences are homologous to , but distinct from , capsid and tegument protein genes of the Gammaherpesvirinae , herpesvirus saimiri and Epstein-Barr virus .
A large proportion of patients who consult primary healthcare for musculoskeletal pain are referred for orthopaedic consultation , but only a small number of these patients are appropriate for orthopaedic intervention . Experienced physiotherapists have the appropriate knowledge to manage musculoskeletal disorders . The primary aim of this randomised study was therefore to evaluate a screening by a physiotherapist of patients referred for orthopaedic consultation compared to standard practice in primary care . Patients referred for orthopaedic consultation -LRB- n = 203 -RRB- were randomised to physiotherapy screening or standard practice . Selection accuracy for orthopaedic intervention and other referrals were analysed with proportion analysis . Patient views of the quality of care were analysed with Mann-Whitney U-test , waiting time with Independent t-test . There was higher selection accuracy for orthopaedic intervention in the physiotherapy screening group -LRB- p = 0.002 -RRB- . A smaller proportion of patients in the screening group were referred back to their general practitioner -LRB- GP -RRB- -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- and a larger proportion to the physiotherapy clinic -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- compared to standard practice . The proportion of patients referred for further investigations was significantly lower in the physiotherapy screening group -LRB- p < 0.039 -RRB- . A large proportion of the patients reported no hesitation to attend the clinic for future care , no difference between the groups -LRB- p < 0.95 -RRB- . The findings in this study suggest that an experienced physiotherapist effectively can screen patients referred for orthopaedic consultation in primary healthcare . The literature indicates that physiotherapy triage assessment can be efficient for patients referred for orthopaedic consultation , however long-term follow up of patient reported outcome measures are not available . To report a long-term evaluation of patient-reported health-related quality of life , pain-related disability , and sick leave after a physiotherapy triage assessment of patients referred for orthopaedic consultation compared with standard practice . Patients referred for orthopaedic consultation -LRB- n = 208 -RRB- were randomised to physiotherapy triage assessment or standard practice . The randomised cohort was analysed on an intention-to-treat -LRB- ITT -RRB- basis . The patient reported outcome measures EuroQol VAS -LRB- self-reported health-state -RRB- , EuroQol 5D-3L -LRB- EQ-5D -RRB- and Pain Disability Index -LRB- PDI -RRB- were assessed at baseline and after 3 , 6 and 12 months . EQ VAS was analysed using a repeated measure ANOVA . PDI and EQ-5D were analysed using a marginal logistic regression model . Sick leave was analysed for the 12 months following consultation using a Mann-Whitney U-test . There were no other statistically significant differences in perceived health-related quality of life or pain related disability between the groups at any of the follow-ups , or sick leave . This study reports that the long-term follow up of the patient related outcome measures health-related quality of life , pain-related disability and sick leave after physiotherapy triage assessment did not differ from standard practice , indicating the possible benefits of implementation of this model of care .
The Studies of Left Ventricular Dysfunction -LRB- SOLVD -RRB- is an extensive program of research that has 3 components . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Two large double-blind randomized trials evaluate the effects of enalapril on mortality , morbidity and quality of life of patients with left ventricular -LRB- LV -RRB- dysfunction with overt congestive heart failure -LRB- CHF -RRB- -LRB- Treatment Trial in 2,500 patients -RRB- and without overt CHF -LRB- Prevention Trial in 4,600 patients -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Seven detailed sub-studies evaluate the effect of enalapril on a number of intermediate outcomes such as right and LV function and hemodynamics , LV mass and wall stress , hormones , arrhythmias , exercise capacity and quality of life in subsets of patients in the 2 large trials . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Finally , a registry of 6,336 patients with congestive heart failure or LV dysfunction is designed to describe the clinical course of an unselected group of patients . The rationale and design of a tiered approach to clinical trials that are large enough to provide reliable information on mortality and morbidity , yet provide relevant information on other endpoints , are described . Studies of Left Ventricular Dysfunction -LRB- SOLVD -RRB- is a randomized trial of enalapril versus placebo in reducing mortality in patients with cardiac dysfunction -LRB- defined as left ventricular ejection fraction less than or equal to 35 % -RRB- . Before randomization , patients at risk for hypotension were hospitalized for a test dose of 2.5 mg of enalapril administered orally at baseline and again 12 hours later . As of February 1989 , 89 of 7,539 -LRB- 1.2 % -RRB- patients had been studied during hospitalization . Baseline systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 115 + / - 18 and 73 + / - 10 mm Hg , respectively . After enalapril , systolic blood pressure decreased slightly but significantly 8 to 20 hours after the initial dose -LRB- mean reduction 8 to 11 mm Hg -RRB- . In this highly selected group of 89 patients , symptoms relating to decrease in blood pressure were noted in 13 -LRB- 15 % -RRB- . It is emphasized that most patients with cardiac dysfunction readily tolerate enalapril . However , the agent should be administered with caution to patients with advanced congestive failure and diminished baseline blood pressure , owing to a significant incidence of symptomatic hypotension . It is not known whether the treatment of patients with asymptomatic left ventricular dysfunction reduces mortality and morbidity . We studied the effect of an angiotensin-converting -- enzyme inhibitor , enalapril , on total mortality and mortality from cardiovascular causes , the development of heart failure , and hospitalization for heart failure among patients with ejection fractions of 0.35 or less who were not receiving drug treatment for heart failure . Patients were randomly assigned to receive either placebo -LRB- n = 2117 -RRB- or enalapril -LRB- n = 2111 -RRB- at doses of 2.5 to 20 mg per day in a double-blind trial . Follow-up averaged 37.4 months . There were 334 deaths in the placebo group , as compared with 313 in the enalapril group -LRB- reduction in risk , 8 percent by the log-rank test ; 95 percent confidence interval , -8 percent -LSB- an increase of 8 percent -RSB- to 21 percent ; P = 0.30 -RRB- . The reduction in mortality from cardiovascular causes was larger but was not statistically significant -LRB- 298 deaths in the placebo group vs. 265 in the enalapril group ; risk reduction , 12 percent ; 95 percent confidence interval , -3 to 26 percent ; P = 0.12 -RRB- . When we combined patients in whom heart failure developed and those who died , the total number of deaths and cases of heart failure was lower in the enalapril group than in the placebo group -LRB- 630 vs. 818 ; risk reduction , 29 percent ; 95 percent confidence interval , 21 to 36 percent ; P less than 0.001 -RRB- . In addition , fewer patients given enalapril died or were hospitalized for heart failure -LRB- 434 in the enalapril group ; vs. 518 in the placebo group ; risk reduction , 20 percent ; 95 percent confidence interval , 9 to 30 percent ; P less than 0.001 -RRB- . The angiotensin-converting -- enzyme inhibitor enalapril significantly reduced the incidence of heart failure and the rate of related hospitalizations , as compared with the rates in the group given placebo , among patients with asymptomatic left ventricular dysfunction . There was also a trend toward fewer deaths due to cardiovascular causes among the patients who received enalapril . In patients with heart failure , activation of the renin-angiotensin system is common and has been postulated to provide a stimulus for further left ventricular -LRB- LV -RRB- structural and functional derangement . We tested the hypothesis that chronic administration of the angiotensin converting enzyme -LRB- ACE -RRB- inhibitor enalapril prevents or reverses LV dilatation and systolic dysfunction among patients with depressed ejection fraction -LRB- EF -RRB- and symptomatic heart failure . We examined subsets of patients enrolled in the Treatment Trial of Studies of Left Ventricular Dysfunction -LRB- SOLVD -RRB- . Fifty-six patients with mild to moderate heart failure underwent serial radionuclide ventriculograms , and 16 underwent serial left heart catheterizations , before and after randomization to enalapril -LRB- 2.5-20 mg/day -RRB- or placebo . At 1 year , there were significant treatment differences in LV end-diastolic volume -LRB- EDV ; p less than 0.01 -RRB- , end-systolic volume -LRB- ESV ; p less than 0.005 -RRB- , and EF -LRB- p less than 0.05 -RRB- . These effects resulted from increases in EDV -LRB- mean + / - SD , 136 + / - 27 to 151 + / - 38 ml/m2 -RRB- and ESV -LRB- 103 + / - 24 to 116 + / - 24 ml/m2 -RRB- in the placebo group and decreases
High blood glucose concentration may increase risk of death and poor outcome after acute myocardial infarction . We did a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the risk of in-hospital mortality or congestive heart failure after myocardial infarction in patients with and without diabetes who had stress hyperglycaemia on admission . We did two searches of MEDLINE for English-language articles published from 1966 to October , 1998 , a computerised search of Science Citation Index from 1980 to September , 1998 , and manual searches of bibliographies . Two searchers identified all cohort studies or clinical trials reporting in-hospital mortality or rates of congestive heart failure after myocardial infarction in relation to glucose concentration on admission . We compared the relative risks of in-hospital mortality and congestive heart failure in hyperglycaemic and normoglycaemic patients with and without diabetes . 14 articles describing 15 studies were identified . Patients without diabetes who had glucose concentrations more than or equal to range 6.1-8.0 mmol/L had a 3.9-fold -LRB- 95 % CI 2.9-5.4 -RRB- higher risk of death than patients without diabetes who had lower glucose concentrations . Glucose concentrations higher than values in the range of 8.0-10.0 mmol/L on admission were associated with increased risk of congestive heart failure or cardiogenic shock in patients without diabetes . In patients with diabetes who had glucose concentrations more than or equal to range 10.0-11.0 mmol/L the risk of death was moderately increased -LRB- relative risk 1.7 -LSB- 1.2-2.4 -RSB- -RRB- . Stress hyperglycaemia with myocardial infarction is associated with an increased risk of in-hospital mortality in patients with and without diabetes ; the risk of congestive heart failure or cardiogenic shock is also increased in patients without diabetes . Diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for death after coronary artery bypass grafting . Its relative risk may be related to the level of perioperative hyperglycemia . We hypothesized that strict glucose control with a continuous insulin infusion in the perioperative period would reduce hospital mortality . All patients with diabetes undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting -LRB- n = 3554 -RRB- were treated aggressively with either subcutaneous insulin -LRB- 1987-1991 -RRB- or with continuous insulin infusion -LRB- 1992-2001 -RRB- for hyperglycemia . Predicted and observed hospital mortalities were compared with both internal and external -LRB- Society of Thoracic Surgeons 1996 -RRB- multivariable risk models . Observed mortality with continuous insulin infusion -LRB- 2.5 % , n = 65/2612 -RRB- was significantly lower than with subcutaneous insulin -LRB- 5.3 % , n = 50/942 , P < .0001 -RRB- . Likewise , glucose control was significantly better with continuous insulin infusion -LRB- 177 + / - 30 mg/dL vs 213 + / - 41 mg/dL , P < .0001 -RRB- . For internal comparison , multivariable analysis showed that continuous insulin infusion was independently protective against death -LRB- odds ratio 0.43 , P = .001 -RRB- . Conversely , cardiogenic shock , renal failure , reoperation , nonelective operative status , older age , concomitant peripheral or cerebral vascular disease , decreasing ejection fraction , unstable angina , and history of atrial fibrillation increased the risk of death . For external comparison , observed mortality with continuous insulin infusion was significantly less than that predicted by the model -LRB- observed/expected ratio 0.63 , P < .001 -RRB- . Multivariable analysis revealed that continuous insulin infusion added an independently protective effect against death -LRB- odds ratio 0.50 , P = .005 -RRB- to the constellation of risk factors in the Society of Thoracic Surgeons risk model . Continuous insulin infusion eliminates the incremental increase in in-hospital mortality after coronary artery bypass grafting associated with diabetes . The protective effect of continuous insulin infusion may stem from the effective metabolic use of excess glucose to favorably alter pathways of myocardial adenosine triphosphate production . Continuous insulin infusion should become the standard of care for glycometabolic control in patients with diabetes undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting . Diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for deep sternal wound infection after open heart surgical procedures . We previously showed that elevated postoperative blood glucose levels are a predictor of deep sternal wound infection in diabetic patients . Therefore , we hypothesized that aggressive intravenous pharmacologic control of postoperative blood glucose levels would reduce the incidence of deep sternal wound infection . In a prospective study of 2,467 consecutive diabetic patients who underwent open heart surgical procedures between 1987 and 1997 , perioperative blood glucose levels were recorded every 1 to 2 hours . Patients were classified into two sequential groups : the control group included 968 patients treated with sliding-scale-guided intermittent subcutaneous insulin injections -LRB- SQI -RRB- ; the study group included 1,499 patients treated with a continuous intravenous insulin infusion in an attempt to maintain a blood glucose level of less than 200 mg/dL . There were no differences between these groups with respect to age , sex , procedure , bypass time , antibiotic prophylaxis , or skin preparation methods . Compared with subcutaneous insulin injections , continuous intravenous insulin infusion induced a significant reduction in perioperative blood glucose levels , which led to a significant reduction in the incidence of deep sternal wound infection in the continuous intravenous insulin infusion group -LRB- 0.8 % -LSB- 12 of 1,499 -RSB- -RRB- versus the intermittent subcutaneous insulin injection group -LRB- 2.0 % -LSB- 19 of 968 -RSB- , p = 0.01 by the chi2 test -RRB- . Multivariate logistic regression revealed that continuous intravenous insulin infusion induced a significant decrease in the risk of deep sternal wound infection -LRB- p = 0.005 ; relative risk , 0.34 -RRB- , whereas obesity -LRB- p < 0.03 ; relative risk , 1.06 -RRB- and use of an internal thoracic artery pedicle -LRB- p = 0.1 ; relative risk , 2.0 -RRB- increased the risk of deep sternal wound infection . Use of perioperative continuous intravenous insulin infusion in diabetic patients undergoing open heart surgical procedures significantly reduces major infectious morbidity and its
The objective of this study was to examine the indications for benzodiazepine use , and the baseline characteristics , duration of use and clinical outcomes of older primary care patients prescribed benzodiazepines . Computerized records were used to identify outpatients -LRB- n = 129 -RRB- aged > or = 60 years who received new benzodiazepine prescriptions from primary care physicians of a group model managed care organization . A baseline telephone survey assessed indications for prescription , sleep quality -LRB- Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index -RRB- , depression -LRB- Symptom Checklist depression scale and Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV -RRB- , alcohol use -LRB- CAGE -RRB- and functional status -LRB- SF-36 -RRB- . A 2-month follow-up survey assessed benzodiazepine use , sleep quality and depression . The most common indications for prescription were insomnia -LRB- 42 % -RRB- and anxiety -LRB- 36 % -RRB- . At baseline , participants reported moderate sleep disturbance -LRB- mean Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index = 9.3 , S.D. = 4.0 -RRB- , only 15 % met criteria for current depressive episode and only 3 % reported at-risk alcohol use . After 2 months , 30 % of participants used benzodiazepines at least daily . Both those continuing daily use and those not continuing daily use reported significant improvements in sleep quality and depression , with no difference between groups in rates of improvement . Initial benzodiazepine prescriptions to older adults are typically intended for the treatment of anxiety or insomnia , with little evidence for occult depression or alcohol abuse . A significant minority develops a pattern of long-term use , raising concerns about tolerance and dependence . Older adults frequently have several chronic health conditions which require multiple medications . We illustrated trends in prescription medication use over 20 years in the United States , and described characteristics of older adults using multiple medications in 2009-2010 . Participants included 13,869 adults aged 65 years and older in the National Health & Nutrition Examination Survey -LRB- 1988-2010 -RRB- . Prescription medication use was verified by medication containers . Potentially inappropriate medications were defined by the 2003 Beers Criteria . Between 1988 and 2010 the median number of prescription medications used among adults aged 65 and older doubled from 2 to 4 , and the proportion taking ≥ 5 medications tripled from 12.8 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval : 11.1 , 14.8 -RRB- to 39.0 % -LRB- 35.8 , 42.3 -RRB- . These increases were driven , in part , by rising use of cardioprotective and antidepressant medications . Use of potentially inappropriate medications decreased from 28.2 % -LRB- 25.5 , 31.0 -RRB- to 15.1 % -LRB- 13.2 , 17.3 -RRB- between 1988 and 2010 . Higher medication use was associated with higher prevalence of functional limitation , activities of daily living limitation , and confusion/memory problems in 2009-2010 , although these associations did not remain after adjustment for covariates . In multivariable models , older age , number of chronic conditions , and annual health care visits were associated with increased odds of using both 1-4 and ≥ 5 medications . Additionally , body mass index , higher income-poverty ratio , former smoking , and non-black non-white race were associated with use of ≥ 5 medications . Prescription medication use increased dramatically among older adults between 1988 and 2010 . Contemporary older adults on multiple medications have worse health status compared with those on less medications , and appear to be a vulnerable population . Older patients with chronic diseases often take multiple prescription drugs , increasing their risk of adverse health events . However , polypharmacy remains ill-defined . To investigate the impact of number of drugs prescribed on potentially inappropriate medication -LRB- PIM -RRB- and the associated risk factors in older outpatients with chronic diseases . Retrospective cross-sectional study . We retrospectively assessed 780 older patients -LRB- mean , 75.5 ± 7.1 years -RRB- with long-term -LRB- ≥ 28 days -RRB- prescriptions for chronic diseases at the geriatric clinics of a university hospital from January to June 2012 using the Screening Tool of Older Person 's potentially inappropriate Prescriptions -LRB- STOPP -RRB- . Clinical information for each patient was analyzed . Logistic regression and receiver operating characteristic curve -LRB- ROC -RRB- analyses were performed ; number needed to harm -LRB- NNH -RRB- was also estimated . According to STOPP criteria , 302 patients -LRB- 39 % -RRB- had at least one PIM . Multivariate analysis revealed that PIM risk was associated with the number of medications prescribed -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- and the presence of cardiovascular -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- or gastrointestinal disease -LRB- P = 0.003 -RRB- . The estimated area under the ROC for the number of medications needed to predict PIM risk was 0.680 -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- with the optimal cut-off value of five medications . After adjusting covariates , patients prescribed ≥ 5 drugs -LSB- adjusted odds ratio -LRB- OR -RRB- = 5.4 ; adjusted NNH = 4.25 ; P < 0.001 -RSB- and those prescribed 4 drugs -LRB- adjusted OR = 3.5 ; adjusted NNH = 6.88 ; P = 0.003 -RRB- had significantly higher PIM risk than those prescribed ≤ 2 drugs . The number of prescribed medications can be an index of PIM risk in older patients with chronic diseases . Clinicians should suspect high PIM risk in older outpatients with ≥ 5 prescriptions . To investigate the relation between the risk of Alzheimer 's disease and exposure to benzodiazepines started at least five years before , considering both the dose-response relation and prodromes -LRB- anxiety , depression , insomnia -RRB- possibly linked with treatment . Case-control study . The Quebec health insurance program database -LRB- RAMQ -RRB- . 1796 people with a first diagnosis of Alzheimer 's disease and followed up for at least six years before were matched with 7184 controls on sex , age group , and duration of follow-up . Both groups were randomly sampled from older people
Whether addition of corticosteroids to antibiotic treatment benefits patients with community-acquired pneumonia who are not in intensive care units is unclear . We aimed to assess effect of addition of dexamethasone on length of stay in this group , which might result in earlier resolution of pneumonia through dampening of systemic inflammation . In our double-blind , placebo-controlled trial , we randomly assigned adults aged 18 years or older with confirmed community-acquired pneumonia who presented to emergency departments of two teaching hospitals in the Netherlands to receive intravenous dexamethasone -LRB- 5 mg once a day -RRB- or placebo for 4 days from admission . Patients were ineligible if they were immunocompromised , needed immediate transfer to an intensive-care unit , or were already receiving corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs . We randomly allocated patients on a one-to-one basis to treatment groups with a computerised randomisation allocation sequence in blocks of 20 . The primary outcome was length of hospital stay in all enrolled patients . This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT00471640 . Between November , 2007 , and September , 2010 , we enrolled 304 patients and randomly allocated 153 to the placebo group and 151 to the dexamethasone group . 143 -LRB- 47 % -RRB- of 304 enrolled patients had pneumonia of pneumonia severity index class 4-5 -LRB- 79 -LSB- 52 % -RSB- patients in the dexamethasone group and 64 -LSB- 42 % -RSB- controls -RRB- . Dexamethasone can reduce length of hospital stay when added to antibiotic treatment in non-immunocompromised patients with community-acquired pneumonia . None . We hypothesize that hydrocortisone infusion in severe community-acquired pneumonia attenuates systemic inflammation and leads to earlier resolution of pneumonia and a reduction in sepsis-related complications . In a multicenter trial , patients admitted to the Intensive Care Unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- with severe community-acquired pneumonia received protocol-guided antibiotic treatment and were randomly assigned to hydrocortisone infusion or placebo . Hydrocortisone was given as an intravenous 200-mg bolus followed by infusion at a rate of 10 mg/hour for 7 days . Primary end-points of the study were improvement in Pa -LRB- O -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- : FI -LRB- O -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- -LRB- Pa -LRB- O -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- : FI -LRB- O -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- > 300 or > / = 100 increase from study entry -RRB- and multiple organ dysfunction syndrome -LRB- MODS -RRB- score by Study Day 8 and reduction in delayed septic shock . Forty-six patients entered the study . At study entry , the hydrocortisone group had lower Pa -LRB- O -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- : FI -LRB- O -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- , and higher chest radiograph score and C-reactive protein level . By Study Day 8 , treated patients had , compared with control subjects , a significant improvement in Pa -LRB- O -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- : FI -LRB- O -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- -LRB- p = 0.002 -RRB- and chest radiograph score -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- , and a significant reduction in C-reactive protein levels -LRB- p = 0.01 -RRB- , MODS score -LRB- p = 0.003 -RRB- , and delayed septic shock -LRB- p = 0.001 -RRB- . Hydrocortisone treatment was associated with a significant reduction in length of hospital stay -LRB- p = 0.03 -RRB- and mortality -LRB- p = 0.009 -RRB- . To determine if systemic corticosteroid therapy is associated with improved outcomes for children hospitalized with community-acquired pneumonia -LRB- CAP -RRB- . In this multicenter , retrospective cohort study we used data from 36 children 's hospitals for children aged 1 to 18 years with CAP . Main outcome measures were length of stay -LRB- LOS -RRB- , readmission , and total hospitalization cost . The primary exposure was the use of adjunct systemic corticosteroids . Multivariable regression models and propensity scores were used to adjust for confounders . The 20 703 patients whose data were included had a median age of 4 years . Adjunct corticosteroid therapy was administered to 7234 patients -LRB- 35 % -RRB- . The median LOS was 3 days , and 245 patients -LRB- 1.2 % -RRB- required readmission . Systemic corticosteroid therapy was associated with shorter LOS overall -LRB- adjusted hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- : 1.24 -LSB- 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- : 1.18-1.30 -RSB- -RRB- . Among children who received treatment with β-agonists , the LOS was shorter for children who had received corticosteroids compared with children who had not -LRB- adjusted HR : 1.36 -LSB- 95 % CI : 1.28-1.45 -RSB- -RRB- . Among children who did not receive β-agonists , the LOS was longer for those who received corticosteroids compared with those who did not -LRB- adjusted HR : 0.85 -LSB- 95 % CI : 0.75-0.96 -RSB- -RRB- . Corticosteroids were associated with readmission of patients who did not receive concomitant β-agonist therapy -LRB- adjusted odds ratio : 1.97 -LSB- 95 % CI : 1.09-3.57 -RSB- -RRB- . For children hospitalized with CAP , adjunct corticosteroids were associated with a shorter hospital LOS among patients who received concomitant β-agonist therapy . Among patients who did not receive this therapy , systemic corticosteroids were associated with a longer LOS and a greater odds of readmission .
Pain during first-trimester abortion by suction-curettage under local anesthesia alone was measured with the McGill Pain Questionnaire -LRB- MPQ -RRB- , and verbal and visual analogue scales in 109 women . The average intensity of abortion pain ranked among moderately intense pain recorded with the MPQ . However , the pain scores had a wide range and appeared influenced by several demographic , psychosocial and medical variables . A correlation/stratified multiple regression design was used to examine the sources of individual variability in pain reports . The results indicated that over a third of the variance in pain reports could be predicted by a set of variables which included the patient 's age , self-reports of pre-operative depression , anxiety , fear , low pain tolerance , social and moral concerns , and gynecological characteristics such as uterus retroversion , menstrual pain and gestational age . Pain scores were significantly higher for women who reported moderate to severe levels of pre-abortion depression and for younger patients -LRB- 13-17 years -RRB- ; other psychosocial and gynecological features made small additional contributions to the prediction of pain scores . The implications of the results are discussed in relation to pain management strategies and underscore the special needs of each woman facing an abortion . Outpatient surgery demands rapid recovery and satisfied patients . The purpose of the study was to investigate whether rectal premedication with paracetamol and codeine would reduce the need of rescue analgesics , reduce the postoperative pain experience and result in faster eligibility for discharge . Ninety pregnant patients scheduled for day-case surgery with evacuation of the uterine cavity were randomly assigned into two groups . The paracetamol and codeine group was given a suppository with 60 mg of codeine and 800 mg of paracetamol together with standard premedication of intramuscular midazolam 0.08 mg/kg . The placebo group was given a placebo suppository and midazolam . All patients underwent the surgical procedure under general anaesthesia with alfentanil 15 microg/kg and propofol 1.5-2 mg/kg . There were no statistically significant differences between the groups in the postoperative pain experience as judged by Visual Analogue Scale -LRB- VAS-scale -RRB- , verbal scale or the need for rescue analgesic medication with ketobemidone . Most of the patients experienced little postoperative pain with more than 70 % scoring less than 20 mm on a VAS-scale from 0-100 mm at any time during the postoperative period . The paracetamol and codeine patients were significantly more sleepy at 30 min postoperatively . There were no differences between the groups in postoperative nausea or vomiting and no difference in discharge eligibility . The use of pre-operative suppository with paracetamol 800 mg and codeine 60 mg is unnecessary in this group of patients . We compared pain perception and procedure time in abortions performed by residents and faculty using a manual vacuum aspirator and electric vacuum curettage devices . We conducted a randomized trial of 114 women undergoing first-trimester abortions . Patients assessed the level of pain with visual analog scales . The mean procedure times were 5.7 and 6.9 minutes , respectively , with electric vacuum curettage and manual vacuum aspirator . Faculty took less time than residents to perform both procedures . Patients reported a higher pain level with cervical dilatation before resident electric vacuum curettage procedures . Patients undergoing electric vacuum curettage thought that the procedure noise increased their pain . First-trimester abortion procedures can be performed more quickly by experienced surgeons . The procedure time for the manual vacuum aspirator is greater than that for the electric vacuum curettage . Patient pain perception with aspiration by these two techniques is not different . The level of pain after aspiration did not vary significantly in patients who had abortions performed by residents or faculty . To study the effects of an intrauterine lidocaine infusion on perceived patient pain in first-trimester abortions and to measure serum lidocaine levels . A randomized , double-blind , placebo control trial of 80 women receiving either a 10-mL 1 % lidocaine -LRB- n = 40 -RRB- or saline -LRB- n = 40 -RRB- intrauterine infusion and a standard paracervical block before first-trimester abortion was undertaken . Women completed a series of 100-mm visual analogue scales to measure their perceived pain -LRB- anticipated pain , after speculum insertion , after intrauterine infusion , after cervical dilation , after suction aspiration , and 30 minutes after procedure -RRB- . Twenty women -LRB- 10 in each group -RRB- volunteered for serum lidocaine levels at 10 , 20 , 30 , 45 , and 60 minutes after the lidocaine infusion . Groups were similar in respect to age , parity , prior abortion , ethnicity , gestational age , level of dysmenorrhea , and complications . Peak serum levels occurred at approximately 10 minutes after lidocaine infusion . The highest level recorded -LRB- lidocaine group -RRB- was 2.5 microg/mL -LRB- toxicity more than 5 microg/mL -RRB- . Compared with paracervical block alone , the addition of a 1 % intrauterine lidocaine infusion resulted in no improvement in patient perception of pain during first-trimester abortion . No subjects demonstrated symptoms or serum levels of lidocaine toxicity . I To study the effects of a 4 % intrauterine lidocaine infusion on perceived patient pain in first-trimester abortions . A randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial of 80 women receiving either a 5-mL 4 % lidocaine -LRB- n = 40 -RRB- or saline -LRB- n = 40 -RRB- intrauterine infusion and a standard paracervical block before first-trimester abortion . Women completed a series of 100-mm visual analog scales -LRB- anchors : 0 = none , 100 mm = worst imaginable -RRB- to measure their perceived pain -LRB- anticipated pain , after speculum insertion , after intrauterine infusion , after cervical dilation , after suction aspiration , and 30 minutes postprocedure -RRB- . Eight women volunteered for serum lidocaine levels after the lidocaine infusion . Groups were similar in respect to age , parity , prior abortion
A previous report of correlations in low-frequency resting-state fluctuations between right and left hemisphere motor cortices in rapidly sampled single-slice echoplanar data is confirmed using a whole-body echoplanar MRI scanner at 1.5 T . These correlations are extended to lower sampling rate multislice echoplanar acquisitions and other right/left hemisphere-symmetric functional cortices . The specificity of the correlations in the lower sampling-rate acquisitions is lower due to cardiac and respiratory-cycle effects which are aliased into the pass-band of the low-pass filter . Data are combined for three normal right-handed male subjects . Correlations to left hemisphere motor cortex , visual cortex , and amygdala are measured in long resting-state scans . In subjects who are performing no prescribed cognitive task , functional connectivity mapped with MR imaging -LRB- fcMRI -RRB- shows regions with synchronous fluctuations of cerebral blood flow . When specific tasks are performed , functional MR imaging -LRB- fMRI -RRB- can map locations in which regional cerebral blood flow increases synchronously with the performance of the task . We tested the hypothesis that fcMRI maps , based on the synchrony of low-frequency blood flow fluctuations , identify brain regions that show activation on fMRI maps of sensorimotor , visual , language , and auditory tasks . In four volunteers , task-activation fMRI and functional connectivity -LRB- resting-state -RRB- fcMRI data were acquired . A small region of interest -LRB- in an area that showed maximal task activation -RRB- was chosen , and the correlation coefficient of the corresponding resting-state signal with the signal of all other voxels in the resting data set was calculated . The correlation coefficient was decomposed into frequency components and its distribution determined for each fcMRI map . The fcMRI maps were compared with the fMRI maps . For each task , fcMRI maps based on one to four seed voxel -LRB- s -RRB- produced clusters of voxels in regions of eloquent cortex . For each fMRI map a closely corresponding fcMRI map was obtained . The frequencies that predominated in the cross-correlation coefficients for the functionally related regions were below 0.1 Hz . Functionally related brain regions can be identified by means of their synchronous slow fluctuations in signal intensity . Such blood flow synchrony can be detected in sensorimotor areas , expressive and receptive language regions , and the visual cortex by fcMRI . Regions identified by the slow synchronous fluctuations are similar to those activated by motor , language , or visual tasks . To study the correlation of low-frequency blood oxygenation level-dependent -LRB- BOLD -RRB- fluctuations on magnetic resonance -LRB- MR -RRB- images obtained of the left - and right-hemisphere primary motor regions in healthy control subjects and patients with multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- . Sixteen healthy volunteers and 20 patients with MS underwent MR imaging with a 1.5-T imager by using a protocol designed to monitor low-frequency BOLD fluctuations . Data for low-frequency BOLD fluctuations were acquired with subjects at rest and during continuous performance of a bilateral finger-tapping task . These data were low-pass filtered -LRB- < 0.08 Hz -RRB- , and cross correlations of all acquired pixels to a region of interest in the left precentral gyrus were calculated . Confidence levels were calculated from the cross correlations . The fraction of pixels in the right precentral gyrus above a confidence level of 95 % for correlation with the left precentral gyrus was calculated for each subject . A plot of the fraction of the right precentral gyrus with high correlation with the left precentral gyrus for the finger-tapping state versus the resting state showed a clear discrimination between patients with MS and control subjects . Compared with control subjects , patients with MS generally had a smaller fraction of the pixels in the right precentral gyrus above the confidence level . This finding indicates that our method results in greater than 60 % sensitivity and 100 % specificity for discriminating patients with MS from control subjects . No significant correlation was found between clinical measures of MS disease and correlations of low-frequency BOLD fluctuations between left and right precentral gyri . On the basis of the connectivity measure of low-frequency BOLD fluctuations , patients with MS exhibited lower functional connectivity between right - and left-hemisphere primary motor cortices when compared with that in control subjects . Chronic pain patients suffer from more than just pain ; depression and anxiety , sleep disturbances , and decision-making abnormalities -LRB- Apkarian et al. , 2004a -RRB- also significantly diminish their quality of life . Recent studies have demonstrated that chronic pain harms cortical areas unrelated to pain -LRB- Apkarian et al. , 2004b ; Acerra and Moseley , 2005 -RRB- , but whether these structural impairments and behavioral deficits are connected by a single mechanism is as of yet unknown . Here we propose that long-term pain alters the functional connectivity of cortical regions known to be active at rest , i.e. , the components of the `` default mode network '' -LRB- DMN -RRB- . This DMN -LRB- Raichle et al. , 2001 ; Greicius et al. , 2003 ; Vincent et al. , 2007 -RRB- is marked by balanced positive and negative correlations between activity in component brain regions . In several disorders , however this balance is disrupted -LRB- Fox and Raichle , 2007 -RRB- . Using well validated functional magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- fMRI -RRB- paradigms to study the DMN -LRB- Fox et al. , 2005 -RRB- , we investigated whether the impairments of chronic pain patients could be rooted in disturbed DMN dynamics . Studying with fMRI a group of chronic back pain -LRB- CBP -RRB- patients and healthy controls while executing a simple visual attention task , we discovered that CBP patients , despite performing the task equally well as controls , displayed reduced deactivation in several key DMN regions . These findings demonstrate that chronic pain has a widespread impact on overall brain function , and suggest that disruptions of the DMN
We aimed to assess the predictive role of KIT mutation , amplification , or overexpression for response to treatment with the kinase inhibitor sunitinib . Tumor tissues from 90 patients with stage III or IV acral , mucosal , or cumulative sun-damaged skin melanoma underwent sequencing of KIT , BRAF , NRAS , and GNAQ genes , FISH analysis for KIT amplification , and immunohistochemistry of KIT protein -LRB- CD117 -RRB- . Eleven percent of the melanomas tested had mutations in KIT , 23 % in BRAF , 14 % in NRAS , and none in GNAQ . Of the 4 evaluable patients with KIT mutations , 1 had a complete remission for 15 months and 2 had partial responses -LRB- 1 - and 7-month duration -RRB- . In contrast , only 1 of the 6 patients with only KIT amplification or overexpression alone had a partial response . In 1 responder with rectal melanoma who later progressed , the recurring tumor had a previously undetected mutation in NRAS , which was found in addition to the persisting mutation in KIT . Interestingly , among patients with manifest stage IV disease , KIT mutations were associated with a significantly shortened survival time -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- . Sunitinib may have activity in patients with melanoma and KIT mutations ; more study is needed . KIT mutations may represent an adverse prognostic factor in metastatic melanoma .
The purpose of preemptive analgesia is to reduce postoperative pain , contributing to a more comfortable recovery period and reducing the need for narcotic pain control . The efficacy of preemptive analgesia remains controversial . This systematic review of the literature evaluated the efficacy of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs -LRB- NSAIDs -RRB- , cyclooxygenase-2 -LRB- COX-2 -RRB- inhibitors , and gabapentin as preemptive oral analgesics for surgical patients . Included articles were limited to studies of adult patients that compared the difference in postoperative pain between control and treatment groups . Of 40 studies reviewed , 14 met the inclusion criteria , including two on NSAIDs , four on COX-2 inhibitors , and eight on gabapentin . Research was predominantly conducted outside the United States . Gabapentin and COX-2 inhibitors were found to be the most effective preemptive analgesics for postoperative pain control . The last nationally representative assessment of kidney stone prevalence in the United States occurred in 1994 . After a 13-yr hiatus , the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey -LRB- NHANES -RRB- reinitiated data collection regarding kidney stone history . Describe the current prevalence of stone disease in the United States , and identify factors associated with a history of kidney stones . A cross-sectional analysis of responses to the 2007-2010 NHANES -LRB- n = 12 110 -RRB- . Self-reported history of kidney stones . Percent prevalence was calculated and multivariable models were used to identify factors associated with a history of kidney stones . The prevalence of kidney stones was 8.8 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 8.1-9.5 -RRB- . Among men , the prevalence of stones was 10.6 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 9.4-11.9 -RRB- , compared with 7.1 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 6.4-7.8 -RRB- among women . Black , non-Hispanic and Hispanic individuals were less likely to report a history of stone disease than were white , non-Hispanic individuals -LRB- black , non-Hispanic : odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- : 0.37 -LSB- 95 % CI , 0.28-0.49 -RSB- , p < 0.001 ; Hispanic : OR : 0.60 -LSB- 95 % CI , 0.49-0.73 -RSB- , p < 0.001 -RRB- . Obesity and diabetes were strongly associated with a history of kidney stones in multivariable models . The cross-sectional survey design limits causal inference regarding potential risk factors for kidney stones . Kidney stones affect approximately 1 in 11 people in the United States . These data represent a marked increase in stone disease compared with the NHANES III cohort , particularly in black , non-Hispanic and Hispanic individuals . Diet and lifestyle factors likely play an important role in the changing epidemiology of kidney stones . The combined use of opioid and benzodiazepine medications increases the risk of hazardous effects , such as respiratory depression . Although recent increases in outpatient use of opioid prescriptions have been documented , there are limited data regarding rates and correlates of combined opioid and benzodiazepines among adults in outpatient settings . Our objective was to examine annual trends in outpatient visits including opioids , benzodiazepines , and their combination among adults as well as clinical and demographic correlates . We used data from the 1993-2014 National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey -LRB- NAMCS -RRB- among non-elderly -LRB- i.e. , ages 18-64 years -RRB- adults to examine the probability of a visit including an opioid , benzodiazepine , or their combination , in addition to clinical and demographic correlates . From 1993 to 2014 , benzodiazepines-with-opioids visits increased from 9.8 to 62.5 -LRB- OR = 9.23 , 95 % CI = 5.45-15.65 -RRB- per 10,000 visits . Highest-represented groups among benzodiazepines-with-opioids visits were older -LRB- 50-64 years -RRB- -LRB- 49.1 % -RRB- , white -LRB- 88.8 % -RRB- , commercially insured -LRB- 58.0 % -RRB- patients during their first visit -LRB- 87.6 % -RRB- to a primary-care physician -LRB- 41.9 % -RRB- . We identified a significant increase in the outpatient co-prescription of opioids and benzodiazepines , notably among adults aged 50-64 years during primary-care visits . Educational and policy changes to provide alternatives to benzodiazepine-with-opioid co-prescription and limiting opioid prescription to pain specialists may reduce rates of this potentially hazardous combination .
The objective of this study was to understand the mechanisms involved in P2X -LRB- 7 -RRB- receptor activation . Treatments with ATP or with the P2X -LRB- 7 -RRB- receptor-specific ligand 2 ' ,3 ' - O - -LRB- 4-benzoylbenzoyl -RRB- adenosine 5 ' - triphosphate -LRB- BzATP -RRB- induced pore formation , but the effect was slower in CaSki cells expressing endogenous P2X -LRB- 7 -RRB- receptor than in human embryonic kidney -LRB- HEK -RRB- -293 cells expressing exogenous P2X -LRB- 7 -RRB- receptor -LRB- HEK-293-hP2X -LRB- 7 -RRB- - R -RRB- . In both types of cells Western blots revealed expression of three forms of the receptor : the functional 85-kDa form present mainly in the membrane and 65 - and 18-kDa forms expressed in both the plasma membrane and the cytosol . Treatments with ATP transiently decreased the 85-kDa form and increased the 18-kDa form in the membrane , suggesting internalization , degradation , and recycling of the receptor . In both CaSki and in HEK-293-hP2X -LRB- 7 -RRB- - R cells ATP also increased binding of the 85-kDa form to G protein-coupled receptor kinase -LRB- GRK -RRB- -3 , beta-arrestin-2 , and dynamin , and it stimulated beta-arrestin-2 redistribution into submembranous regions of the cell . These results suggest a novel mechanism for P2X -LRB- 7 -RRB- receptor action , whereby activation involves a GRK-3 - , beta-arrestin-2 - , and dynamin-dependent internalization of the receptor into clathrin domains , followed in part by receptor degradation as well as receptor recycling into the plasma membrane .
Image-guided surgery -LRB- IGS -RRB- is a critical tool . However , its clinical validity remains controversial . A review of indications and a consensus based on literature are presented . Literature review . Traditional indications remain valid . Novel applications have emerged , and the reliability of IGS has been consistently endorsed . Although evidence is based on scattered reports and expert opinions , the use of IGS in approved instances is regarded as the state of the art . IGS is reliable , and a scientific validation of outcomes would entail unethical strategies . An expanding spectrum of indications is anticipated , although IGS does not replace proper training . Four patients with symptomatic uterine fibroids measuring less than 6 cm underwent laparoscopic ultrasound-guided radiofrequency ablation -LRB- RFA -RRB- using multiprobe-array electrodes . Follow-up of the treated fibroids was performed with gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- and patients ' symptoms were assessed by telephone interviews . The procedure was initially technically successful in 3 of the 4 patients and MRI studies at 1 month demonstrated complete fibroid ablation . Symptom improvement , including a decrease in menstrual bleeding and pain , was achieved in 2 patients at 3 months . At 7 months , 1 of these 2 patients experienced symptom worsening which correlated with recurrent fibroid on MRI . The third , initially technically successfully treated patient did not experience any symptom relief after the procedure and was ultimately diagnosed with adenomyosis . Our preliminary results suggest that RFA is a technically feasible treatment for symptomatic uterine fibroids in appropriately selected patients . To confirm the results of an earlier study assessing the safety and efficacy of a laparoscopic radiofrequency volumetric thermal ablation -LRB- RFVTA -RRB- system among women with symptomatic myomas . In a prospective study at the Hospital of Francisco Marroquin University , Guatemala City , consecutive premenopausal women with symptomatic myomas seeking uterine-sparing treatment were enrolled between August 2008 and July 2011 . Uterine fibroid symptom and health-related quality-of-life -LRB- UFS-QOL -RRB- questionnaires were completed at 0 , 3 , 6 , and 12 months . Among 114 women screened , 36 were enrolled -LRB- ages 33-51 years -RRB- , and 35 were followed for 12 months . Symptom severity scores reduced significantly -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- : baseline -LRB- 63.3 -RRB- , 3 months -LRB- 23.1 -RRB- , 6 months -LRB- 15.4 -RRB- , 12 months -LRB- 9.6 -RRB- . Health-related quality-of-life scores improved significantly -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- : baseline -LRB- 37.3 -RRB- , 3 months -LRB- 79.9 -RRB- , 6 months -LRB- 85.1 -RRB- , 12 months -LRB- 87.7 -RRB- . The mean ± SD difference in uterine volume from baseline -LRB- 215.2 ± 117.9 cm -LRB- 3 -RRB- -RRB- to 12 months -LRB- 167.0 ± 120.8 cm -LRB- 3 -RRB- -RRB- was 48.2 cm -LRB- 3 -RRB- -LRB- 95 % CI : -22.8 to 119.2 ; P = 0.192 -RRB- . Nine adverse events among 8 individuals were minor and unrelated to the procedure . RFVTA of fibroids resulted in significantly improved symptom severity and quality-of-life scores and provides an outpatient uterine-sparing option for treatment of myomas . To estimate the safety and efficacy of laparoscopic ultrasound-guided radiofrequency volumetric thermal ablation of uterine myomas in symptomatic women . A cohort of 135 premenopausal symptomatic women with uterine myomas , uteri 14 weeks of gestation-sized or less with no single myoma exceeding 7 cm , and objectively confirmed heavy menstrual bleeding participated in this prospective , international trial of outpatient laparoscopic ultrasound-guided radiofrequency volumetric thermal ablation . Bleeding outcomes were measured by alkaline hematin analysis at baseline and again at 3 , 6 , and 12 months posttreatment . Validated quality-of-life and patient satisfaction scales and objective measurements of uterine and myoma volume were conducted at 3 , 6 , and 12 months . The mean baseline menstrual blood loss of women in the full analysis set -LRB- n = 127 -RRB- was 272.7 ± 82.3 mL . At 3 - , 6 - , and 12-month follow-ups , mean alkaline hematin and associated menstrual blood loss decreased from baseline levels by 31.8 % , 40.7 % , and 38.3 % , respectively -LRB- P < .001 , paired t test -RRB- . Symptom severity decreased from a baseline mean transformed score of 61.1 to 26.6 at 12 months postprocedure -LRB- P < .001 , paired t test -RRB- . Health-related quality of life improved from a mean transformed score of 37.3 at baseline to 79.5 at 12 months -LRB- P < .001 , paired t test -RRB- . At 12 months postprocedure , total mean myoma volume decreased from baseline by 45.1 % -LRB- measured by magnetic resonance imaging -RRB- . Ninety-four percent of the women reported satisfaction with the treatment . Radiofrequency volumetric thermal ablation of myomas is well tolerated and results in rapid recovery , high patient satisfaction , improved quality of life , and effective symptom relief . : ClinicalTrials.gov , www.clinicaltrials.gov , NCT00874029 . II .
Recent studies investigating the pharmacological management of neuropathic pain support the efficacy of certain antidepressants , anticonvulsants , and opioids . Novel directions in drug applications include topical applications of patches with either lidocaine or capsaicin and intradermal injections of botulinum toxin . In cases of partial pain relief , drug combinations may be considered . To assess the efficacy/effectiveness and side effects of gabapentin for the treatment of neuropathic pain . Systematic review of the literature . Extensive search of several electronic databases located both controlled and uncontrolled studies . Efficacy was assessed through meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- , whereas the effectiveness of gabapentin in uncontrolled studies was assessed via a novel system of dichotomous classification of `` bad '' versus `` good '' results . Thirty-five papers involving 727 patients with multiple neuropathic pain conditions met the inclusion criteria . The meta-analysis of the 2 high-quality , placebo-controlled RCTs showed positive effect of gabapentin in diabetic neuropathy and post-herpetic neuralgia . The addition of 2 low-quality , placebo-controlled RCTs did not alter the magnitude or direction of observed effect . Gabapentin seems to be effective in multiple painful neuropathic conditions . The variable prescribing patterns of the uncontrolled studies raise the suspicion that effectiveness may be reduced if one limits administration of the drug to very low doses , whereas rapid dose escalation may be associated with increased central nervous system side effects . Well-designed controlled trials may provide insight into differential symptom sensitivity to the drug .
Liver fatty acid-binding protein -LRB- L-FABP -RRB- is a highly conserved key factor in lipid metabolism . Amino acid replacements in L-FABP might alter its function and thereby affect glucose metabolism in lipid-exposed subjects , as indicated by studies in L-FABP knockout mice . Amino acid replacements in L-FABP were investigated in a cohort of 1,453 Caucasian subjects . Endogenous glucose production -LRB- EGP -RRB- , gluconeogenesis , and glycogenolysis were measured in healthy carriers of the only common Thr -LRB- 94 -RRB- - to-Ala amino acid replacement -LRB- Ala/Ala -LRB- 94 -RRB- -RRB- vs. age - , sex - , and BMI-matched wild-type -LRB- Thr/Thr -LRB- 94 -RRB- -RRB- controls at baseline and after 320-min lipid/heparin-somatostatin-insulin - glucagon clamps -LRB- n = 18 -RRB- . Whole body glucose disposal was further investigated -LRB- subset ; n = 13 -RRB- using euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamps without and with lipid/heparin infusion . In lipid-exposed , individually matched subjects there was a genotype vs. lipid-treatment interaction for EGP -LRB- P = 0.009 -RRB- driven mainly by reduced glycogenolysis in Ala/Ala -LRB- 94 -RRB- carriers -LRB- 0.46 + / - 0.05 vs. 0.59 + / - 0.05 mgxkg -LRB- -1 -RRB- xmin -LRB- -1 -RRB- , P = 0.013 -RRB- . Whole body glucose disposal was not different between lipid-exposed L-FABP genotypes . In summary , the Ala/Ala -LRB- 94 -RRB- - mutation contributed significantly to reduced glycogenolysis and less severe hyperglycemia in lipid-exposed humans and was further associated with reduced body weight in a large cohort . Data clearly show that investigation of L-FABP phenotypes in the basal overnight-fasted state yielded incomplete information , and a challenge test was essential to detect phenotypical differences in glucose metabolism between L-FABP genotypes .
To reduce the horrific maternal mortality figures that we have globally especially in resource poor countries , there was a global commitment to reduce maternal mortality by three-quarters by 2015 using 1990 as a baseline . To measure the achievement of this goal , two indicators : maternal mortality ratio and proportion of births attended by skilled attendance were selected . To ensure skilled attendance at birth for all women , the international community set a target of 80 % by 2005 , 85 % by 2010 and 90 % coverage by 2015 . However , in 2008 only 65.7 % of all women were attended to by a skilled attendant during pregnancy , childbirth and immediately postpartum globally with some countries having less than 20 % coverage . With the global human resource crisis , achieving this target is challenging but possible . This paper provides a narrative review of the literature on the skilled birth attendance strategy identifying key challenges and lessons learnt . Community health workers are widely used to provide care for a broad range of health issues . Since 2003 the government of Ethiopia has been deploying specially trained new cadres of community based health workers named health extension workers -LRB- HEWs -RRB- . This initiative has been called the health extension program . Very few studies have investigated the role of these community health workers in improving utilization of maternal health services . A cross sectional survey of 725 randomly selected women with under-five children from three districts in Northern Ethiopia . We investigated women 's utilization of family planning , antenatal care , birth assistance , postnatal care , HIV testing and use of iodized salt and compared our results to findings of a previous national survey from 2005 . In addition , we investigated the association between several variables and utilization of maternal health services using logistic regression analysis . HEWs have contributed substantially to the improvement in women 's utilization of family planning , antenatal care and HIV testing . However , their contribution to the improvement in health facility delivery , postnatal check up and use of iodized salt seems insignificant . Women who were literate -LRB- OR , 1.85 -RRB- , listened to the radio -LRB- OR , 1.45 -RRB- , had income generating activities -LRB- OR , 1.43 -RRB- and had been working towards graduation or graduated as model family -LRB- OR , 2.13 -RRB- were more likely to demonstrate good utilization of maternal health services . A model family is by definition a family which has fulfilled all the packages of the HEP . The HEWs seem to have substantial contribution in several aspects of utilization of maternal health services but their insignificant contribution in improving health facility delivery and skilled birth attendance remains an important problem . More effort is needed to improve the effectiveness of HEWs in these regards . For example , strengthening HEWs ' support for pregnant women for birth planning and preparedness and referral from HEWs to midwives at health centers should be strengthened . In addition , women 's participation in income generating activities , access to radio and education could be targets for future interventions . In recognition of the critical shortage of human resources within health services , community health workers have been trained and deployed to provide primary health care in developing countries . However , very few studies have investigated whether these health workers can provide good quality of care . This study investigated the knowledge and performance of health extension workers -LRB- HEWs -RRB- on antenatal and delivery care . The study also explored the barriers and facilitators for HEWs in the provision of maternal health care . In conducting this research , a cross-sectional study was performed . A total of 50 HEWs working in 39 health posts , covering a population of approximately 195,000 people , were interviewed . Descriptive statistics was used and a composite score of knowledge of HEWs was made and interpreted based on the Ethiopian education scoring system . Almost half of the respondents had at least 5 years of work experience as a HEW . More than half -LRB- 27 -LRB- 54 % -RRB- -RRB- of the HEWs had poor knowledge on contents of antenatal care counseling , and the majority -LRB- 44 -LRB- 88 % -RRB- -RRB- had poor knowledge on danger symptoms , danger signs , and complications in pregnancy . Health posts , which are the operational units for HEWs , did not have basic infrastructures like water supply , electricity , and waiting rooms for women in labor . On average within 6 months , a HEW assisted in 5.8 births . Only a few births -LRB- 10 % -RRB- were assisted at the health posts , the majority -LRB- 82 % -RRB- were assisted at home and only 20 % of HEWs received professional assistance from a midwife . Considering the poor knowledge of HEWs , poorly equipped health posts , and poor referral systems , it is difficult for HEWs to play a key role in improving health facility deliveries , skilled birth attendance , and on-time referral through early identification of danger signs . Hence , there is an urgent need to design appropriate strategies to improve the performance of HEWs by enhancing their knowledge and competencies , while creating appropriate working conditions . Reduction of maternal mortality is a global priority particularly in developing countries including Ethiopia where maternal mortality ratio is one of the highest in the world . The key to reducing maternal mortality ratio and improving maternal health is increasing attendance by skilled health personnel throughout pregnancy and delivery . However , delivery service is significantly lower in Amhara Regional State , Ethiopia . Therefore , this study aimed to assess factors affecting institutional delivery service utilization among mothers who gave birth in the last 12 months in Sekela District , Amhara Region , Ethiopia . Community-based cross-sectional
To report results of a randomized pilot clinical feasibility trial of endovascular cooling in patients with ischemic stroke . Forty patients with ischemic stroke presenting within 12 hours of symptom onset were enrolled in the study . An endovascular cooling device was inserted into the inferior vena cava of those randomized to hypothermia . A core body temperature of 33 degrees C was targeted for 24 hours . All patients underwent clinical assessment and MRI initially , at days 3 to 5 and days 30 to 37 . Eighteen patients were randomized to hypothermia and 22 to receive standard medical management . Thirteen patients reached target temperature in a mean of 77 + / - 44 minutes . Most tolerated hypothermia well . Clinical outcomes were similar in both groups . Mean DWI lesion growth in patients who cooled well -LRB- n = 8 -RRB- was 72.9 + / - 95.2 % -LRB- NS -RRB- . Induced moderate hypothermia is feasible using an endovascular cooling device in most patients with acute ischemic stroke . Further studies are needed to determine if hypothermia improves outcome . Microvascular basal lamina damage occurs after cerebral ischemia and is important for the development of hemorrhage . The aim of this study was to determine whether hypothermia could maintain microvascular integrity in ischemic stroke . Using the suture model , we subjected 12 rats to 3 hours of focal ischemia and 24 hours of reperfusion . Six rats received postischemic normothermia -LRB- 37 degrees C -RRB- and 6 received hypothermia -LRB- 32 degrees C to 34 degrees C -RRB- for the reperfusion period ; a group of 6 sham-operated animals without ischemia was used as control . Collagen type IV and hemoglobin were measured by Western blot analysis , matrix metalloproteinase -LRB- MMP -RRB- -2 and MMP-9 by gelatin zymography , and urokinase-type plasminogen activator -LRB- uPA -RRB- and tissue-type plasminogen activator -LRB- tPA -RRB- by plasminogen-casein zymography . Hypothermia also reduced MMP-2 , MMP-9 , uPA , and tPA -LRB- basal ganglia : MMP-2 : 71 + / -20 % -LSB- hypothermia -RSB- versus 109 + / -3 % -LSB- normothermia -RSB- ; MMP-9 : 38 + / -12 % versus 115 + / -4 % ; uPA activity : 310 + / -86 % versus 1019 + / -22 % ; tPA activity : 61 + / -17 % versus 111 + / -13 % ; cortex : MMP-2 : 53 + / -6 % versus 116 + / -1 % ; MMP-9 : 16 + / -4 % versus 123 + / -3 % ; uPA : 180 + / -27 % versus 176 + / -10 % ; tPA : 91 + / -15 % versus 101 + / -8 % ; each difference : P < 0.001 -RRB- -LRB- nonischemic control side = 100 % -RRB- . Hypothermia maintains microvascular integrity and reduces hemorrhage and the activities of MMP-2 , MMP-9 , uPA , and tPA . Hypothermia is effective in improving outcome in experimental models of brain infarction . We studied the feasibility and safety of hypothermia in patients with acute ischemic stroke treated with thrombolysis . An open study design was used . All patients presented with major ischemic stroke -LRB- National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale -LSB- NIHSS -RSB- score > 15 -RRB- within 6 hours of onset . After informed consent , patients with a persistent NIHSS score of > 8 were treated with hypothermia to 32 + / -1 degrees C for 12 to 72 hours depending on vessel patency . All patients were monitored in the neurocritical care unit for complications . A modified Rankin Scale was measured at 90 days and compared with concurrent controls . Ten patients with a mean age of 71.1 + / -14.3 years and an NIHSS score of 19.8 + / -3.3 were treated with hypothermia . Nine patients served as concurrent controls . The mean time from symptom onset to thrombolysis was 3.1 + / -1.4 hours and from symptom onset to initiation of hypothermia was 6.2 + / -1.3 hours . The mean duration of hypothermia was 47.4 + / -20.4 hours . Target temperature was achieved in 3.5 + / -1.5 hours . Noncritical complications in hypothermia patients included bradycardia -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- , ventricular ectopy -LRB- n = 3 -RRB- , hypotension -LRB- n = 3 -RRB- , melena -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- , fever after rewarming -LRB- n = 3 -RRB- , and infections -LRB- n = 4 -RRB- . Four patients with chronic atrial fibrillation developed rapid ventricular rate , which was noncritical in 2 and critical in 2 patients . Three patients had myocardial infarctions without sequelae . There were 3 deaths in patients undergoing hypothermia . The mean modified Rankin Scale score at 3 months in hypothermia patients was 3.1 + / -2.3 . Induced hypothermia appears feasible and safe in patients with acute ischemic stroke even after thrombolysis . Refinements of the cooling process , optimal target temperature , duration of therapy , and , most important , clinical efficacy , require further study . We sought to evaluate the safety and feasibility of mild therapeutic hypothermia using an endovascular temperature management system in awake acute ischemic stroke patients . The Intravascular Cooling in the Treatment of Stroke -LRB- ICTuS -RRB- study was an uncontrolled , multicenter development and feasibility study of conscious patients -LRB- n = 18 -RRB- presenting within 12 hours of onset of an acute ischemic stroke at 5 clinical sites in the United States . Enrolled patients were to undergo core temperature management using an endovascular cooling system to induce and maintain mild , therapeutic hypothermia -LRB- target temperature of 33.0 degrees C -RRB- for a period of either 12 or 24 hours , followed by controlled rewarming to 36.5 degrees C over the subsequent 12-hour period . Nine patients underwent 12 hours of cooling followed by 12 hours of controlled rewarming
A modified vaccinia virus Ankara -LRB- MVA -RRB- encoding 5T4 was tested in combination with high-dose IL-2 to determine the safety , objective response rate and effect on humoral and cell-mediated immunity . 25 patients with metastatic RCC who qualified for IL-2 were eligible and received three immunizations every three weeks followed by IL-2 -LRB- 600,000 IU/kg -RRB- after the second and third vaccinations . Blood was collected for analysis of humoral , effector and regulatory T cell responses . While no objective responses were observed , three patients -LRB- 12 % -RRB- were rendered disease-free after nephrectomy or resection of residual metastatic disease . Twelve patients -LRB- 48 % -RRB- had stable disease which was associated with improved median overall survival compared to patients with progressive disease -LRB- not reached vs. 28 months , p = 0.0261 -RRB- . All patients developed 5T4-specific antibody responses and 13 patients had an increase in 5T4-specific T cell responses . Although the baseline frequency of Tregs was elevated in all patients , those with stable disease showed a trend toward increased effector CD8 + T cells and a decrease in Tregs . Vaccination with MVA-5T4 did not improve objective response rates of IL-2 therapy but did result in stable disease associated with an increase in the ratio of 5T4-specific effector to regulatory T cells in selected patients . ISRCTN83977250 .
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- and asthma can exhibit overlapping clinical features . Exhaled air contains volatile organic compounds -LRB- VOCs -RRB- that may qualify as noninvasive biomarkers . VOC profiles can be assessed using integrative analysis by electronic nose , resulting in exhaled molecular fingerprints -LRB- breathprints -RRB- . We hypothesized that breathprints by electronic nose can discriminate patients with COPD and asthma . Ninety subjects participated in a cross-sectional study : 30 patients with COPD -LRB- age , 61.6 + / - 9.3 years ; FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- , 1.72 + / - 0.69 L -RRB- , 20 patients with asthma -LRB- age , 35.4 + / - 15.1 years ; FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- 3.32 + / - 0.86 L -RRB- , 20 nonsmoking control subjects -LRB- age , 56.7 + / - 9.3 years ; FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- , 3.44 + / - 0.76 L -RRB- , and 20 smoking control subjects -LRB- age , 56.1 + / - 5.9 years ; FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- , 3.58 + / - 0.78 -RRB- . After 5 minutes of tidal breathing through an inspiratory VOC filter , an expiratory vital capacity was collected in a Tedlar bag and sampled by electronic nose . Breathprints were analyzed by discriminant analysis on principal component reduction resulting in cross-validated accuracy values -LRB- accuracy -RRB- . Repeatability and reproducibility were assessed by measuring samples in duplicate by two devices . Breathprints from patients with asthma were separated from patients with COPD -LRB- accuracy 96 % ; P < 0.001 -RRB- , from nonsmoking control subjects -LRB- accuracy , 95 % ; P < 0.001 -RRB- , and from smoking control subjects -LRB- accuracy , 92.5 % ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . Exhaled breath profiles of patients with COPD partially overlapped with those of asymptomatic smokers -LRB- accuracy , 66 % ; P = 0.006 -RRB- . Measurements were repeatable and reproducible . Molecular profiling of exhaled air can distinguish patients with COPD and asthma and control subjects . Our data demonstrate a potential of electronic noses in the differential diagnosis of obstructive airway diseases and in the risk assessment in asymptomatic smokers . Clinical trial registered with www.trialregister.nl -LRB- NTR 1282 -RRB- . Exhaled breath contains thousands of gaseous volatile organic compounds -LRB- VOCs -RRB- that may be used as non-invasive markers of lung disease . The electronic nose analyzes VOCs by composite nano-sensor arrays with learning algorithms . It has been shown that an electronic nose can distinguish the VOCs pattern in exhaled breath of lung cancer patients from healthy controls . We hypothesized that an electronic nose can discriminate patients with lung cancer from COPD patients and healthy controls by analyzing the VOC-profile in exhaled breath . 30 subjects participated in a cross-sectional study : 10 patients with non-small cell lung cancer -LRB- NSCLC , -LSB- age 66.4 + / -9.0 , FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- 86.3 + / -20.7 -RSB- -RRB- , 10 patients with COPD -LRB- age 61.4 + / -5.5 , FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- 70.0 + / -14.8 -RRB- and 10 healthy controls -LRB- age 58.3 + / -8.1 , FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- 108.9 + / -14.6 -RRB- . After 5 min tidal breathing through a non-rebreathing valve with inspiratory VOC-filter , subjects performed a single vital capacity maneuver to collect dried exhaled air into a Tedlar bag . The bag was connected to the electronic nose -LRB- Cyranose 320 -RRB- within 10 min , with VOC-filtered room air as baseline . The smellprints were analyzed by onboard statistical software . Smellprints from NSCLC patients clustered distinctly from those of COPD subjects -LRB- cross validation value -LSB- CVV -RSB- : 85 % ; M-distance : 3.73 -RRB- . NSCLC patients could also be discriminated from healthy controls in duplicate measurements -LRB- CVV : 90 % and 80 % , respectively ; M-distance : 2.96 and 2.26 -RRB- . VOC-patterns of exhaled breath discriminates patients with lung cancer from COPD patients as well as healthy controls . The electronic nose may qualify as a non-invasive diagnostic tool for lung cancer in the future . Asthma severity and control can be measured both subjectively and objectively . Traditionally asthma treatments have been individualised using symptoms and spirometry/peak flow . Increasingly treatment tailored in accordance with inflammatory markers -LRB- sputum eosinophil counts or fractional exhaled nitric oxide -LRB- FeNO -RRB- data -RRB- is advocated as an alternative strategy . The objective of this review was to evaluate the efficacy of tailoring asthma interventions based on inflammatory markers -LRB- sputum analysis and FeNO -RRB- in comparison with clinical symptoms -LRB- with or without spirometry/peak flow -RRB- for asthma-related outcomes in children and adults . Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register of Trials , the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials -LRB- CENTRAL -RRB- , MEDLINE , EMBASE and reference lists of articles were searched . The last searches were in February 2009 . All randomised controlled comparisons of adjustment of asthma treatment based on sputum analysis or FeNO compared with traditional methods -LRB- primarily clinical symptoms and spirometry/peak flow -RRB- were selected . Results of searches were reviewed against predetermined criteria for inclusion . Relevant studies were selected , assessed and data extracted independently by at least two people . The trial authors were contacted for further information . Data were analysed as ` intervention received ' and sensitivity analyses performed . Six -LRB- 2 adults and 4 children/adolescent -RRB- studies utilising FeNO and three adult studies utilising sputum eosinophils were included . These studies had a degree of clinical heterogeneity including definition of asthma exacerbations , duration of study and variations in cut-off levels for percentage of sputum eosinophils and FeNO to alter management in each study . There was no significant difference in exacerbations between groups for FeNO compared with controls . However , children who had treatment adjusted according to FeNO had an increase in their mean daily dose of inhaled
Guidelines recommend noninvasive tests -LRB- NITs -RRB- to risk stratify and identify patients with higher likelihood of coronary artery disease -LRB- CAD -RRB- prior to elective coronary angiography . However , a high percentage of patients are found to have nonobstructive CAD . Patients undergoing elective catheterization without history of CAD were identified from 1,128 hospitals in National Cardiovascular Data Registry 's CathPCI Registry between July 2009 and December 2011 . Noninvasive tests included stress electrocardiogram , stress echocardiogram , stress radionuclide , stress cardiac magnetic resonance , and computed tomographic angiography . Patient demographics , risk factors , symptoms , and NIT results were correlated with the presence of nonobstructive CAD , defined as all native coronary stenoses < 50 % . Of 661,063 patients undergoing elective angiography , 386,003 -LRB- 58.4 % -RRB- had nonobstructive CAD . Preprocedure NIT was performed in 64 % of patients ; 51.9 % were reported to be abnormal , but only 9 % had high-risk findings . Independent factors associated with nonobstructive CAD were younger age , female sex , atypical chest pain , and a low-risk NIT . Patients with high-risk findings on NIT were more likely to have obstructive CAD -LRB- adjusted odds ratio 3.03 -LSB- 2.86-3.22 -RSB- -RRB- . Noninvasive test findings had minimal incremental value beyond clinical factors for predicting obstructive disease -LRB- C index = 0.75 for clinical factors vs 0.74 for NIT findings -RRB- . The weak correlation between most NIT results and the likelihood of obstructive CAD provides further impetus for improving preangiography assessment of likelihood of disease . This study sought to investigate the clinical and imaging characteristics associated with diagnostic inaccuracy of computed tomography angiography -LRB- CTA -RRB- for detecting obstructive coronary artery disease -LRB- CAD -RRB- defined by quantitative coronary angiography -LRB- QCA -RRB- . Although diagnostic performance metrics of CTA have been reported , there are sparse data on predictors of diagnostic inaccuracy by CTA . The clinical characteristics of 291 patients -LRB- mean age : 59 ± 10 years ; female : 25.8 % -RRB- enrolled in the multicenter CorE-64 -LRB- Coronary Artery Evaluation Using 64-Row Multi-detector Computed Tomography Angiography -RRB- study were examined . Pre-defined CTA segment-level characteristics of all true-positive -LRB- N = 237 -RRB- , false-positive -LRB- N = 115 -RRB- , false-negative -LRB- FN -RRB- -LRB- N = 159 -RRB- , and a random subset of true-negative segments -LRB- N = 511 -RRB- for ≥ 50 % stenosis with QCA as the reference standard were blindly abstracted in a central core laboratory . Factors independently associated with corresponding levels of CTA diagnostic inaccuracies on a patient level and coronary artery segment level were determined using multivariable logistic regression models and generalized estimating equations , respectively . An Agatston calcium score of ≥ 1 per patient -LRB- odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- : 5.2 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- : 1.1 to 24.6 -RRB- and the presence of within-segment calcification -LRB- OR : 10.2 ; 95 % CI : 5.2 to 19.8 -RRB- predicted false-positive diagnoses . Conversely , absence of within-segment calcification was an independent predictor of an FN diagnosis -LRB- OR : 2.0 ; 95 % CI : 1.2 to 3.5 -RRB- . Prior percutaneous revascularization was independently associated with patient-level misdiagnosis of obstructive CAD -LRB- OR : 4.2 ; 95 % CI : 1.6 to 11.2 -RRB- . Specific segment characteristics on CTA , notably segment tortuosity -LRB- OR : 3.5 ; 95 % CI : 2.4 to 5.1 -RRB- , smaller luminal caliber -LRB- OR : 0.48 ; 95 % CI : 0.36 to 0.63 per 1-mm increment -RRB- , and juxta-arterial vein conspicuity -LRB- OR : 2.1 ; 95 % CI : 1.4 to 3.2 -RRB- , were independently associated with segment-level misdiagnoses . Attaining greater intraluminal contrast enhancement independently lowered the risk of an FN diagnosis -LRB- OR : 0.96 ; 95 % CI : 0.94 to 0.99 per 10-Hounsfield unit increment -RRB- . We identified clinical and readily discernible imaging characteristics on CTA predicting inaccurate CTA diagnosis of obstructive CAD defined by QCA . Knowledge and appropriate considerations of these features may improve the diagnostic accuracy in clinical CTA interpretation . -LRB- Diagnostic Accuracy of Multi-Detector Spiral Computed Tomography Angiography Using 64 Detectors -LSB- CORE-64 -RSB- ; NCT00738218 -RRB- .
Atherosclerosis causes clinical disease through luminal narrowing or by precipitating thrombi that obstruct blood flow to the heart -LRB- coronary heart disease -RRB- , brain -LRB- ischemic stroke -RRB- , or lower extremities -LRB- peripheral vascular disease -RRB- . The most common of these manifestations is coronary heart disease , including stable angina pectoris and the acute coronary syndromes . Atherosclerosis is a lipoprotein-driven disease that leads to plaque formation at specific sites of the arterial tree through intimal inflammation , necrosis , fibrosis , and calcification . After decades of indolent progression , such plaques may suddenly cause life-threatening coronary thrombosis presenting as an acute coronary syndrome . Most often , the culprit morphology is plaque rupture with exposure of highly thrombogenic , red cell-rich necrotic core material . The permissive structural requirement for this to occur is an extremely thin fibrous cap , and thus , ruptures occur mainly among lesions defined as thin-cap fibroatheromas . Also common are thrombi forming on lesions without rupture -LRB- plaque erosion -RRB- , most often on pathological intimal thickening or fibroatheromas . However , the mechanisms involved in plaque erosion remain largely unknown , although coronary spasm is suspected . The calcified nodule has been suggested as a rare cause of coronary thrombosis in highly calcified and tortious arteries in older individuals . To characterize the severity and prognosis of plaques , several terms are used . Plaque burden denotes the extent of disease , whereas plaque activity is an ambiguous term , which may refer to one of several processes that characterize progression . Plaque vulnerability describes the short-term risk of precipitating symptomatic thrombosis . In this review , we discuss mechanisms of atherosclerotic plaque initiation and progression ; how plaques suddenly precipitate life-threatening thrombi ; and the concepts of plaque burden , activity , and vulnerability . The short-term effects of early statin therapy in acute coronary syndromes -LRB- ACS -RRB- on clinical outcomes remain unclear . Our objective was to update the evidence on patient relevant outcomes from all randomized trials comparing early statin therapy with placebo or usual care at 1 and 4 months following ACS . We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials that compared statins to control , initiated within 14 days after onset of ACS and with minimal follow-up of 30 days . Data were extracted in duplicate and analyzed by a random effects model . Investigators from individual trials contributed additional data where needed . A total of 18 trials involving 14,303 patients with ACS were included in the meta-analysis . We found no evidence for further trials on the topic . Risk ratios for the combined endpoint of death , myocardial infarction , and stroke of early statin therapy compared to control were 0.93 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 0.80-1.08 ; P = 0.34 -RRB- at 1 month and 0.93 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.81-1.06 ; P = 0.27 -RRB- at 4 months following ACS . There were favorable trends related to statin use for all individual secondary endpoints but there was no statistically significant risk reduction except for unstable angina with a risk ratio of 0.76 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.59-0.96 ; P = 0.02 -RRB- at 4 months following ACS . Initiation of statin therapy within 14 days following ACS results in directionally favorable but non-significant reduction in death , myocardial infarction , or stroke up to 4 months , and significant reduction in the occurrence of unstable angina at 4 months following ACS . This review is intended to focus on the composition of oat and its therapeutic potential in the pharmacology that supports its use to cure various maladies . Oat -LRB- Avena sativa -RRB- is distinct among the cereals due to its multifunctional characteristics and nutritional profile . Recent advancement in food and nutrition has revealed the importance of its various components . It is a good source of dietary fiber especially beta-glucan , minerals and other nutrients . Oat and oat by products have been proven to be helpful in the treatment of diabetes and cardiovascular disorders . Oat bran in particular , is good source of B complex vitamins , protein , fat , minerals besides heart healthy soluble fiber beta-glucan . The beta-glucan has outstanding functional properties and is of immense importance in human nutrition . Different physiological effects of beta-glucan are related to its viscosity , attenuation of postprandial plasma glucose and insulin responses , high transport of bile acids towards lower parts of the intestinal tract and high excretion of bile acids thereby lowering of serum cholesterol levels . Moreover , it is helpful against coeliac disease . The incorporation of oat grains and oat bran in the food products improves not only the nutrition but also a therapy against various maladies . The intake of phenolic acids and related polyphenolic compounds has been inversely associated with the risk of heart disease , but limited information is available about their bioavailability or mechanisms of action . Polyphenolics , principally avenanthramides , and simple phenolic acids in oat bran phenol-rich powder were dissolved in HCl : H -LRB- 2 -RRB- O : methanol -LRB- 1:19:80 -RRB- and characterized by HPLC with electrochemical detection . The bioavailability of these oat phenolics was examined in BioF1B hamsters . Hamsters were gavaged with saline containing 0.25 g oat bran phenol-rich powder -LRB- 40 micromol phenolics -RRB- , and blood was collected between 20 and 120 min . Peak plasma concentrations of avenanthramides A and B , p-coumaric , p-hydroxybenzoic , vanillic , ferulic , sinapic , and syringic acids appeared at 40 min . Although absorbed oat phenolics did not enhance ex vivo resistance of LDL to Cu -LRB- 2 + -RRB- - induced oxidation , in vitro addition of ascorbic acid synergistically extended the lag time of the 60-min sample from 137 to 216 min -LRB- P < or = 0.05 -RRB- , unmasking the bioactivity
The reductionist approach has dominated the fields of biology and medicine for nearly a century . Here , we present a systems science approach to the analysis of physiological waveforms in the context of a specific case , cardiovascular physiology . Our goal in this study is to introduce a methodology that allows for novel insight into cardiovascular physiology and to show proof of concept for a new index for the evaluation of the cardiovascular system through pressure wave analysis . The IFs are the dominant frequencies of the instantaneous frequency of the coupled heart + aorta system before the closure of the aortic valve and the decoupled aorta after valve closure . In this study , we extract the IFs from a series of aortic pressure waves obtained from both clinical data and a computational model . Extracted IFs from clinical data indicate that at young ages the total frequency variation -LRB- Δω = ω1 - ω2 -RRB- is close to zero and that Δω increases with age or disease -LRB- e.g. heart failure and hypertension -RRB- .
Ramosetron , a serotonin -LRB- 5-hydroxytryptamine -RRB- -3 receptor antagonist with high selectivity , reduced stress-induced diarrhea and defecation caused by corticotropin-releasing hormone in rats . However , there have been no clinical trials of its effect in patients with diarrhea and irritable bowel syndrome -LRB- IBS-D -RRB- . We performed a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial to determine whether ramosetron reduces diarrhea in these patients . Our study included 296 male outpatients with IBS-D treated at 52 centers in Japan . Patients were given 5 μg oral ramosetron -LRB- n = 147 -RRB- or placebo -LRB- n = 149 -RRB- once daily for 12 weeks after a 1-week baseline period . The primary end point was increased stool consistency in the first month . Secondary end points included relief of overall IBS symptoms and increased IBS-related quality of life . The ramosetron group had significantly higher monthly rates of relief of overall IBS symptoms and IBS-related quality of life than the placebo group . Ramosetron -LRB- 5 μg oral , once daily for 12 weeks -RRB- improved stool consistency in male patients with IBS-D , compared with placebo . These study results , along with the pharmacologic profile of ramosetron , indicate that increased stool consistency is the best end point for studies of ramosetron in patients with IBS-D . Clinicaltrials.gov No , NCT01225237 .
Heart failure is a common and costly condition , particularly in the elderly . A range of models of interventions have shown the capacity to decrease hospitalizations and improve health-related outcomes . Potentially , cardiac rehabilitation models can also improve outcomes . To assess the impact of a nurse-coordinated multidisciplinary , cardiac rehabilitation program to decrease hospitalizations , increase functional capacity , and meet the needs of patients with heart failure . In a randomized control trial , a total of 105 patients were recruited to the study . Patients in the intervention group received an individualized , multidisciplinary 12-week cardiac rehabilitation program , including an individualized exercise component tailored to functional ability and social circumstances . The control group received an information session provided by the cardiac rehabilitation coordinator and then follow-up care by either their cardiologist or general practitioner . This trial was stopped prematurely after the release of state-based guidelines and funding for heart failure programs . During the study period , patients in the intervention group were less likely to have been admitted to hospital for any cause -LRB- 44 vs. 69 % , P = 0.01 -RRB- or after a major acute coronary event -LRB- 24 vs. 55 % , P = 0.001 -RRB- . Participants in the intervention group were more likely to be alive at 12 months , -LRB- 93 vs. 79 % ; P = 0.03 -RRB- -LRB- odds ratio = 3.85 ; 95 % confidence interval = 1.03-14.42 ; P = 0.0042 -RRB- . Quality of life scores improved at 3 months compared with baseline -LRB- intervention t = o / -4.37 , P < 0.0001 ; control t = / -3.52 , P < 0.01 -RRB- . Improvement was also seen in 6-min walk times at 3 months compared with baseline in the intervention group -LRB- t = 3.40 ; P = 0.01 -RRB- . This study shows that a multidisciplinary heart failure cardiac rehabilitation program , including an individualized exercise component , coordinated by a specialist heart failure nurse can substantially reduce both all-cause and cardiovascular readmission rates , improve functional status at 3 months and exercise tolerance . The six-minute walk test -LRB- 6MWT -RRB- and cardiopulmonary exercise testing -LRB- CPET -RRB- are the 2 testing modalities most broadly used for assessing functional limitation in patients with heart failure -LRB- HF -RRB- . A comprehensive comparison on clinical and prognostic validity of the 2 techniques has not been performed and is the aim of the present investigation . Two hundred fifty-three patients diagnosed with systolic -LRB- n = 211 -RRB- or diastolic -LRB- n = 42 -RRB- HF -LRB- age : 61.9 + / -10.1 years ; New York Heart Association Class : 2.2 + / -0.78 -RRB- underwent a 6MWT and a symptom-limited CPET evaluation and were prospectively followed up . During the 4-year tracking period , there were 43 cardiac-related deaths with an annual cardiac mortality rate of 8.7 % . The 6MWT distance correlated with CPET-derived variables -LRB- ie , peak Vo -LRB- 2 -RRB- , Vo -LRB- 2 -RRB- at anaerobic threshold , and Ve/Vco -LRB- 2 -RRB- slope -RRB- and was significantly reduced in proportion with lower peak Vo -LRB- 2 -RRB- and higher Ve/Vco -LRB- 2 -RRB- slope classes and presence of an exercise oscillatory breathing -LRB- EOB -RRB- pattern -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- . However , no significant differences were observed in distance covered between survivors and nonsurvivors -LRB- 353.2 + / -95.8 m versus 338.5 + / -76.4 m ; P = NS -RRB- . At univariate and multivariate Cox proportional analyses , the association of the 6MWT distance with survival was not significant either as a continuous or dicotomized variable -LRB- < or = 300 m -RRB- . Conversely , CPET-derived variables emerged as prognostic with the strongest association found for EOB -LRB- systolic HF -RRB- and Ve/Vco -LRB- 2 -RRB- slope -LRB- entire population with HF and patients with a 6MWT < or = 300 m -RRB- . The 6MWT is confirmed to be a simple and reliable first-line test for quantification of exercise intolerance in patients with HF . However , there is no supportive evidence for its use as a prognostic marker in alternative to or in conjunction with CPET-derived variables . Cardiovascular disease -LRB- CVD -RRB- is the leading cause of death in the United States and is responsible for 17 % of national health expenditures . As the population ages , these costs are expected to increase substantially . To prepare for future cardiovascular care needs , the American Heart Association developed methodology to project future costs of care for hypertension , coronary heart disease , heart failure , stroke , and all other CVD from 2010 to 2030 . This methodology avoided double counting of costs for patients with multiple cardiovascular conditions . By 2030 , 40.5 % of the US population is projected to have some form of CVD . Between 2010 and 2030 , real -LRB- 2008 $ -RRB- total direct medical costs of CVD are projected to triple , from $ 273 billion to $ 818 billion . Real indirect costs -LRB- due to lost productivity -RRB- for all CVD are estimated to increase from $ 172 billion in 2010 to $ 276 billion in 2030 , an increase of 61 % . These findings indicate CVD prevalence and costs are projected to increase substantially . Effective prevention strategies are needed if we are to limit the growing burden of CVD . Despite the growing epidemic of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction -LRB- HFpEF -RRB- , no valid measure of patients ' health status -LRB- symptoms , function , and quality of life -RRB- exists . We evaluated the Kansas City Cardiomyopathy Questionnaire -LRB- KCCQ -RRB- , a validated measure of HF with reduced EF , in patients with HFpEF . Using a prospective HF registry , we dichotomized patients into HF with reduced EF -LRB- EF ≤
Glucocorticosteroids are highly effective in controlling inflammation and the molecular mechanisms involved are now becoming clear . Activation of glucocorticoid receptors results in increased or decreased transcription of a number of genes involved in the inflammatory process . Of particular importance is the repression of cytokine gene transcription and the direct interaction between the glucocorticoid receptor and other transcription factors activated in chronic inflammation . In this review , Peter Barnes and Ian Adcock discuss recent studies that have increased our understanding of these mechanisms and that may lead to improved anti-inflammatory therapies in the future . Adrenocorticotrophic hormone -LRB- ACTH -RRB- and corticosteroids have no maintenance values for inflammatory bowel disease but serve to reduce the severity of disease . The effectiveness of intravenous corticotrophin versus hydrocortisone in ulcerative colitis has been determined including whether previous steroid therapy influenced the better response to one rather than the other , but no such studies have ever been done in Crohn 's disease . Eighty-eight patients hospitalized with moderate-to-severe Crohn 's disease -LRB- Present-Korelitz -LSB- P-K -RSB- Index -3 to -2 and the International Organisation for the Study of Inflammatory Bowel Disease-Crohn 's & Colitis Foundation of America -LSB- IOIBD-CCFA -RSB- Index , mean 14 , range 5-23 -RRB- were treated in a prospective , randomized , double-blind clinical trial to receive either continuous intravenous infusion of 120 U/day of ACTH -LRB- 44 patients -RRB- or hydrocortisone 300 mg/day -LRB- 44 patients -RRB- . Patients were also subdivided into those who received oral steroids during the 30 days prior to intravenous therapy and those who had not . Response was followed on a daily basis and tabulated at 3 , 5 , and 10 days . After 10 days of intravenous therapy 36 of 44 patients -LRB- 82 % -RRB- who received ACTH and 41 of 44 patients -LRB- 93 % -RRB- who received hydrocortisone fully responded -LRB- P-K index +3 and IOIBD-CCFA Index mean of 3 -RRB- . At the end of the study , response to intravenous ACTH and hydrocortisone was not statistically different whether or not patients received oral steroids during the 30 days prior to admission , although the response to IV ACTH tended to be faster at 3 days in those who had received previous steroid therapy . Intravenous ACTH and hydrocortisone are equally effective in achieving therapeutic goals in patients with Crohn 's disease who have not achieved results with oral medications . Moreover the response rate was high -LRB- mean 88 % -RRB- , serving to buy time for establishment of successful maintenance programs of treatment with oral 5-ASA and immunosuppressive drugs for 69 % of patients at 1-3 years . CD and UC represent a spectrum of chronic IBD that present in protean ways and are accompanied by a variety of systemic sequelae . Sulfasalazine and the newer 5-aminosalicylates are important in the management of mild-to-moderate disease , whereas corticosteroids remain the primary therapy for most patients with moderate-to-severe disease -LRB- Tables 2-5 -RRB- . The toxicities associated with long-term steroid therapy , combined with their ineffectiveness as maintenance medications , have led to increased use of immunomodulators , such as azathioprine and 6-MP , for the treatment of steroid-dependent and steroid-resistant IBD . Infliximab is a novel therapeutic adjunct for chronically active and fistulizing CD that will herald a new era of biologic therapy for IBD . Meanwhile , CSA remains an alternative to urgent colectomy in severe UC unresponsive to corticosteroids and also for CD patients with severe disease or refractory fistulas . Finally , continued insights into the etiopathogenic pathways in IBD will provide evolving and innovative approaches until the eventual causes and cures are elucidated . In the meantime , clinicians should remain optimistic regarding current ability to reduce the morbidity and maintain the quality of life for patients suffering with these frustrating diseases . We looked for factors predicting the therapeutic outcome in 66 patients with severe ulcerative colitis treated with intravenous hydrocortisone or corticotropin -LRB- ACTH -RRB- for 10 days . Patients were randomized before therapy within strata defined by whether they had received oral corticosteroids continuously before the study -LRB- group A , 35 patients -RRB- or not -LRB- group B , 31 patients -RRB- . Comparisons were made between groups receiving what we considered optimal corticoid therapy , hydrocortisone for group A and ACTH for group B. Overall , therapeutic success was achieved in 28 -LRB- 42 % -RRB- , with a median time of 7.5 days . Favorable factors measured on admission to the study were those suggesting less severe colitis activity : absence of fulminant disease , limited disease extent , a shorter duration of the present attack , fewer stools , a lower erythrocyte sedimentation rate -LRB- ESR -RRB- , and a higher hemoglobin . Factors compatible with more severe colitis including fulminant activity , more extensive disease , a shorter total disease duration , bloody stools , and fewer bowel movements , favored an early response among those patients who were to achieve a remission . Prolonging therapy beyond 10 days by switching to the alternate corticoid drug did not improve the remission rate . Achieving remission during the initial therapy period , especially when it occurred early , was the most important predictive factor for a favorable clinical course during the following year . Prolonging therapy did not improve the 1-year remission rate . In fact , a higher proportion of patients who continued to require therapy underwent colectomy than those who received one treatment course . This study compares the efficacy of intravenous adrenocorticotropic hormone -LRB- ACTH -RRB- with intravenous hydrocortisone in the treatment of patients with symptomatic inflammatory bowel disease . Drug selection and patient evaluation were accomplished with a random double blind technique . Evaluation of 22 consecutive hospital patients indicates that ACTH and hydrocortisone , when administered intravenously in pharmacologically equivalent dosage , are therapeutically equivalent , that response to ACTH is rapid , with no
This randomized trial examined the effects of a 4-month family-focused therapy -LRB- FFT -RRB- program on the 1-year course of mood symptoms in youth at high familial risk for BD , and explored its comparative benefits among youth in families with high versus low expressed emotion -LRB- EE -RRB- . Participants were 40 youth -LRB- mean 12.3 ± 2.8 years , range 9-17 -RRB- with BD not otherwise specified , major depressive disorder , or cyclothymic disorder who had a first-degree relative with BD I or II and active mood symptoms -LRB- Young Mania Rating Scale -LSB- YMRS -RSB- > 11 or Child Depression Rating Scale > 29 -RRB- . Participants were randomly allocated to FFT-High Risk version -LRB- FFT-HR ; 12 sessions of psychoeducation and training in communication and problem-solving skills -RRB- or an education control -LRB- EC ; 1-2 family sessions -RRB- . The magnitude of treatment effect was greater among youth in high-EE -LRB- versus low-EE -RRB- families .
Estimates of the worldwide incidence and mortality from 27 cancers in 2008 have been prepared for 182 countries as part of the GLOBOCAN series published by the International Agency for Research on Cancer . In this article , we present the results for 20 world regions , summarizing the global patterns for the eight most common cancers . Overall , an estimated 12.7 million new cancer cases and 7.6 million cancer deaths occur in 2008 , with 56 % of new cancer cases and 63 % of the cancer deaths occurring in the less developed regions of the world . The most commonly diagnosed cancers worldwide are lung -LRB- 1.61 million , 12.7 % of the total -RRB- , breast -LRB- 1.38 million , 10.9 % -RRB- and colorectal cancers -LRB- 1.23 million , 9.7 % -RRB- . The most common causes of cancer death are lung cancer -LRB- 1.38 million , 18.2 % of the total -RRB- , stomach cancer -LRB- 738,000 deaths , 9.7 % -RRB- and liver cancer -LRB- 696,000 deaths , 9.2 % -RRB- . Cancer is neither rare anywhere in the world , nor mainly confined to high-resource countries . Striking differences in the patterns of cancer from region to region are observed . To estimate the cancer incidences and mortalities in China in 2010 . On basis of the evaluation procedures and data quality criteria described in the National Central Cancer Registry -LRB- NCCR -RRB- , data from 219 cancer registries were evaluated . Data from 145 registries were identified as qualified and then accepted for the 2010 cancer registry report . The incidences and mortalities of major cancers and the overall incidence and mortality were stratified by residency -LRB- urban or rural -RRB- , areas -LRB- eastern , middle , and western -RRB- , gender , and age . The cancer cases and deaths were estimated based on age-specific rate and national population in 2010 . The China 2010 Population Census data and Segi 's world population data were used for calculating the age-standardized cancer incidence/mortality rates . Data were obtained from a total of 145 cancer registries -LRB- 63 in urban areas and 82 in rural areas -RRB- covering 158,403,248 people -LRB- 92,433,739 in urban areas and 65,969,509 in rural areas -RRB- . The percentage of morphologically verified cases -LRB- MV % -RRB- were 67.11 % ; 2.99 % of incident cases were identified through proportion of death certification only -LRB- DCO % -RRB- , with the mortality to incidence ratio of -LRB- M/I -RRB- 0.61 . The estimates of new cancer cases and cancer deaths were 3,093,039 and 1,956,622 in 2010 , respectively . The crude incidence was 235.23 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- -LRB- 268.65 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- in males and 200.21 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- in females -RRB- , the age-standardized rates by Chinese standard population -LRB- ASR China -RRB- and by world standard population -LRB- ASR world -RRB- were 184.58 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- and 181.49 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- , and the cumulative incidence rate -LRB- 0-74 age years old -RRB- was 21.11 % . The cancer incidence and ASR China were 256.41 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- and 187.53 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- in urban areas and 213.71 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- and 181.10 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- in rural areas . The crude cancer mortality in China was 148.81 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- -LRB- 186.37 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- in males and 109.42 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- in females -RRB- , the age-standardized mortalities by Chinese standard population and by world standard population were 113.92 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- and 112.86 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- , and the cumulative mortality rate -LRB- 0-74 age years old -RRB- was 12.78 % . The cancer mortality and ASR China were 156.14 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- and 109.21 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- in urban areas 141.35 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- and 119.00 / 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- in rural areas , respectively . Lung cancer , female breast cancer , gastric cancer , liver cancer , esophageal cancer , colorectal cancer , and cervical cancer were the most common cancers . Lung cancer , liver cancer , gastric cancer , esophageal cancer , colorectal cancer , breast cancer , and pancreatic cancer were the leading causes of cancer deaths . The coverage of cancer registration has rapidly increased in China in recent years and may reflect more accurate cancer burdens among populations living in different areas . As the basis of cancer control program , cancer registration plays an irreplaceable role in cancer surveillance , intervention evaluation , and policy-making . Given the increasing cancer burden in the past decades , China should strengthen its cancer prevention and control . Latest evidence sets a clear mandate for concurrent chemoradiotherapy as the current standard of care for inoperable stage III non small cell lung cancer patients with good performance status and minimal co-morbidities . However , a survival plateau has been reached , with disappointing results from dose escalation studies using conventional fractionation and studies investigating the addition of systemic doses of chemotherapy delivered before or after concurrent chemoradiotherapy . A review was carried out to address three questions considered fundamental to improving outcome in patients with stage III non-small cell lung cancer : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Can radiotherapy regimens be optimised using advanced radiotherapy techniques to improve local control rate and overall survival ? -LRB- 2 -RRB- Can systemic therapy regimens be optimised to reduce the risk of distant metastases ? -LRB- 3 -RRB- Should concurrent chemoradiotherapy be considered standard of care for locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer in the elderly ? It is clear that further improvement in outcome for these patients will be determined by better local control and by reducing the risk of distant recurrence . Given the technological advances in radiotherapy planning and delivery in recent years
Gastro-oesophageal reflux disease -LRB- GORD -RRB- is chronic , affects 8-20 % of the population , impairs quality of life -LRB- QoL -RRB- and generates substantial health-related costs . Patient education is intended to improve patients ' disease-related competency , potentially enabling them to deal more efficiently with their disease , eventually improving QoL and reducing healthcare cost . This study aimed to investigate the effects of a group-based education programme for patients with mild GORD . Patients with GORD were randomly allocated to education -LRB- n = 102 -RRB- or control -LRB- n = 109 -RRB- . The education programme was designed as a structured dialogue conveying medical information about the pathophysiology and prognosis , pharmacological and nonpharmacological treatment of GORD , patients ' rights and use of healthcare . Outcomes were measured using general QoL -LSB- General Health Questionnaire-30 -LRB- GHQ-30 -RRB- -RSB- , disease-specific QoL -LSB- Digestive Symptoms and Impact Questionnaire -LRB- DSIQ -RRB- -RSB- , global QoL and healthcare use at 2 and 12 months after the educational programme . No difference was found between the groups in their use of healthcare . A group-based education programme for patients with mild GORD showed no effect on QoL or use of healthcare . Subgroup analyses showed improved QoL only in patients with primary school education , who had been allocated to GORD education .
A prospective study was undertaken to assess the diagnostic value and therapeutic usefulness of fibreoptic bronchoscopy in the critically ill . Fifty-six bronchoscopies were performed in fifty patients . Biochemical , radiological , microbiological and clinical assessments were made before and after each procedure . Eighteen fibreoptic bronchoscopies were performed for therapeutic indications -LRB- 32.1 % -RRB- of which ten -LRB- 55.6 % -RRB- yielded a useful outcome . Thirty-eight bronchoscopies were for diagnostic purposes -LRB- 67.8 % -RRB- of which 22 -LRB- 57.9 % -RRB- were clinically useful . Broncho-alveolar lavage was performed in twenty-eight cases -LRB- 50 % -RRB- and it led to a clinically useful diagnosis in 17 -LRB- 60.7 % -RRB- . There was no major complication . A subgroup of patients was defined -LRB- persistent left lower lobe collapse or consolidation following thoracic or abdominal surgery -RRB- in whom fibreoptic bronchoscopy usually did not yield a useful outcome . The use of fibreoptic bronchoscopy in the Intensive Care Unit , in combination with the technique of broncho-alveolar lavage , results in a clinically useful outcome in the majority of cases . Fibreoptic bronchoscopy is an effective and safe diagnostic and therapeutic tool in critically ill patients . To measure image clarity , ease of use , and handling performance of a flexible fiberoptic bronchoscope -LRB- B-F 100 ; Vision Sciences ; Natick , MA -RRB- and sterile single-use disposable-sheath endoscope system -LRB- BS-F21 EndoSheath ; Vision Sciences -RRB- . Prospective , multicenter diagnostic technology evaluation of a medical device newly approved by the US Food and Drug Administration . Three tertiary care referral centers with busy bronchoscopy practices . Twenty-four patients undergoing bronchoscopy with a flexible fiberoptic bronchoscope and disposable sheath endoscope system . Flexible bronchoscopy was performed through a transnasal or transoral route after topical upper airway anesthesia using standard techniques . After each procedure , the bronchoscopist rated the performance of the medical device under study using a linear scale of 1 -LRB- poor -RRB- to 5 -LRB- excellent and equal to that of a conventional flexible fiberoptic bronchoscope -RRB- . Mean performance ratings were > 4.0 -LRB- range , 4.17 to 4.63 -RRB- for image clarity , illumination , lack of fogging , distal tip angulation , and ease of transnasal passage . All other ratings were > 3.0 -LRB- range , 3.54 to 3.87 -RRB- , the lowest of which was handling comfort . The flexible fiberoptic bronchoscope with sterile single-use disposable-sheath endoscope system has the potential to reduce scope downtime by eliminating the need for high-level disinfection between procedures . Illumination , image clarity , and ease of insertion are very good , justifying future prospective studies comparing this device to conventional flexible fiberoptic bronchoscopes . To describe the main indications , clinical results and complications associated with fibrobronchoscopy in the Intensive Care Unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- . A retrospective , single-center observational study was carried out . Setting . Seventeen beds in a medical/surgical ICU . Patients . Consecutive patients undergoing fibrobronchoscopy during their stay in the ICU over a period of 5 years . Flexible bronchoscopy performed by an intensivist . Main variables of interest . Flexible bronchoscopy indications and complications derived from the procedure . A total of 208 flexible bronchoscopies were carried out in 192 patients admitted to the ICU . Most of the procedures -LRB- 193 -LSB- 92.8 % -RSB- -RRB- were performed in mechanically ventilated patients . The average patient age was 58 ± 16 years , with an APACHE II score at admission of 19 ± 7 . The most frequent indication for flexible bronchoscopy was diagnostic confirmation of initially suspected pneumonia -LRB- 148 procedures -RRB- , with positive bronchoalveolar lavage findings in 46 % . The most frequent therapeutic indication was the resolution of atelectasis -LRB- 28 procedures -RRB- . Other indications were the diagnosis and treatment of pulmonary hemorrhage , the aspiration of secretions , control of percutaneous tracheotomy , and difficult airway management . The complications described during the procedures were supraventricular tachycardia -LRB- 3.8 % -RRB- , transient hypoxemia -LRB- 6.7 % -RRB- , and slight bleeding of the bronchial mucosal membrane -LRB- 2.4 % -RRB- . A microbiological diagnosis of pneumonia and the resolution of atelectasis are the most frequent indications for flexible bronchoscopy in critically ill patients . Flexible bronchoscopy performed by an intensivist in ICU is a safe procedure . To evaluate the frequency of complications in bronchoscopy from data compiled between 1/2/2002 to 1/2/2003 . Nineteen Italian centres of thoracic endoscopy participated in the study , for a total of 20,986 bronchoscopies -LRB- FBS -RRB- , including 10,658 explorative bronchoscopies -LRB- EB -RRB- -LRB- 50.79 % -RRB- , 5,520 bronchial biopsies -LRB- BB -RRB- -LRB- 26.30 % -RRB- , 1,660 transbronchial biopsies -LRB- TBB -RRB- -LRB- 7.91 % -RRB- , 1,127 broncho-alveolar lavages -LRB- BAL -RRB- -LRB- 5.37 % -RRB- , 930 transbronchial needle-aspirates -LRB- TBNA -RRB- -LRB- 4.43 % -RRB- , 1.091 therapeutic bronchoscopies -LRB- TB -RRB- , comprising ND-YAG Laser , argon-plasma , electrocautery knife , stent insertion -LRB- 5.20 % -RRB- . 82.4 % of the procedures involved the use of a flexible bronchoscope , 16.3 % were carried out using a rigid bronchoscope and 1.3 % using the mixed technique . The total number of complications recorded was 227 -LRB- 1.08 % of the cases examined -RRB- , including 20 -LRB- 0.09 % -RRB- during local anesthesia and pre-medication , 195 -LRB- 0.92 % -RRB- during the endoscopic procedures and 12 -LRB- 0.05 % -RRB- in the two hours following FBS . The total number of deaths was 4 -LRB- 0.02 % -RRB- , due to cardiac arrest , pulmonary edema , delayed respiratory failure and shock in pre-medication , respectively . 68.28 % of the complications were treated medically , 25.99 % by means of endoscopy and 5.72 % with surgery . The healing percentage was 98.2 % . This study has shown that bronchoscopy is a safe method with
The incidence in Geneva is about 11.5 case/100000/year and the ratio between male and female is 1.28 . The disease is strongly related to aging , but men are affected earlier in their life than women . A comparison between the epidemiology of lumbar disc prolapse and lumbar stenosis shows the differences . Management of degenerative spondylolisthesis with spinal stenosis is controversial . Surgery is widely used , but its effectiveness in comparison with that of nonsurgical treatment has not been demonstrated in controlled trials . Surgical candidates from 13 centers in 11 U.S. states who had at least 12 weeks of symptoms and image-confirmed degenerative spondylolisthesis were offered enrollment in a randomized cohort or an observational cohort . The primary outcome measures were the Medical Outcomes Study 36-Item Short-Form General Health Survey -LRB- SF-36 -RRB- bodily pain and physical function scores -LRB- 100-point scales , with higher scores indicating less severe symptoms -RRB- and the modified Oswestry Disability Index -LRB- 100-point scale , with lower scores indicating less severe symptoms -RRB- at 6 weeks , 3 months , 6 months , 1 year , and 2 years . We enrolled 304 patients in the randomized cohort and 303 in the observational cohort . The baseline characteristics of the two cohorts were similar . The one-year crossover rates were high in the randomized cohort -LRB- approximately 40 % in each direction -RRB- but moderate in the observational cohort -LRB- 17 % crossover to surgery and 3 % crossover to nonsurgical care -RRB- . The intention-to-treat analysis for the randomized cohort showed no statistically significant effects for the primary outcomes . The as-treated analysis for both cohorts combined showed a significant advantage for surgery at 3 months that increased at 1 year and diminished only slightly at 2 years . The treatment effects at 2 years were 18.1 for bodily pain -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 14.5 to 21.7 -RRB- , 18.3 for physical function -LRB- 95 % CI , 14.6 to 21.9 -RRB- , and -16.7 for the Oswestry Disability Index -LRB- 95 % CI , -19.5 to -13.9 -RRB- . There was little evidence of harm from either treatment . In nonrandomized as-treated comparisons with careful control for potentially confounding baseline factors , patients with degenerative spondylolisthesis and spinal stenosis treated surgically showed substantially greater improvement in pain and function during a period of 2 years than patients treated nonsurgically . -LRB- ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00000409 -LSB- ClinicalTrials.gov -RSB- . -RRB- .
Critical limb ischemia -LRB- CLI -RRB- remains a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with peripheral arterial disease . Optimal treatment strategies for CLI remain controversial . The only randomized trial comparing surgical with endovascular revascularization suggests no significant difference in limb salvage between open surgical bypass and angioplasty . Although novel endovascular strategies are now available , their efficacies remain largely untested in a randomized fashion . This review provides an overview of the data surrounding contemporary outcomes of endovascular therapy with an emphasis on current knowledge gaps . The field of interventional cardiology has evolved significantly since the first percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty was performed 40 years ago . This evolution began with a balloon catheter mounted on a fixed wire and has progressed into bare-metal stents -LRB- BMS -RRB- , first-generation drug-eluting stents -LRB- DES -RRB- , second - and third-generation biodegradable polymer-based DES , and culminates with the advent of bioabsorbable stents , which are currently under development . Each step in technological advancement has improved outcomes , while new persisting challenges arise , caused by the stent scaffolds , the polymers employed , and the non-selective cytostatic and cytotoxic drugs eluted from the stents . Despite the promising technological advances made in stent technology , managing the balance between reductions in target lesion revascularization , stent thrombosis , and bleeding remain highly complex issues . This review summarizes the evolution of percutaneous coronary intervention with a focus on vascular dysfunction triggered by the non-selective drugs eluted from various stents . It also provides an overview of the mechanism of action of the drugs currently used in DES . We also discuss the efforts made in developing novel cell-selective drugs capable of inhibiting vascular smooth muscle cell -LRB- VSMC -RRB- proliferation , migration , and infiltration of inflammatory cells while allowing for complete reendothelialization . Lastly , in the era of precision medicine , considerations of patients ' genetic variance associated with myocardial infarction and in-stent restenosis are discussed . The combination of personalized medicine and improved stent platform with cell-selective drugs has the potential to solve the remaining challenges and improve the care of coronary artery disease patients . Lower extremity peripheral artery disease is the third leading cause of atherosclerotic cardiovascular morbidity , following coronary artery disease and stroke . This study provides the first comparison of the prevalence of peripheral artery disease between high-income countries -LRB- HIC -RRB- and low-income or middle-income countries -LRB- LMIC -RRB- , establishes the primary risk factors for peripheral artery disease in these settings , and estimates the number of people living with peripheral artery disease regionally and globally . We did a systematic review of the literature on the prevalence of peripheral artery disease in which we searched for community-based studies since 1997 that defined peripheral artery disease as an ankle brachial index -LRB- ABI -RRB- lower than or equal to 0 · 90 . We used epidemiological modelling to define age-specific and sex-specific prevalence rates in HIC and in LMIC and combined them with UN population numbers for 2000 and 2010 to estimate the global prevalence of peripheral artery disease . Within a subset of studies , we did meta-analyses of odds ratios -LRB- ORs -RRB- associated with 15 putative risk factors for peripheral artery disease to estimate their effect size in HIC and LMIC . We then used the risk factors to predict peripheral artery disease numbers in eight WHO regions -LRB- three HIC and five LMIC -RRB- . 34 studies satisfied the inclusion criteria , 22 from HIC and 12 from LMIC , including 112,027 participants , of which 9347 had peripheral artery disease . Sex-specific prevalence rates increased with age and were broadly similar in HIC and LMIC and in men and women . The prevalence in HIC at age 45-49 years was 5 · 28 % -LRB- 95 % CI 3 · 38-8 · 17 % -RRB- in women and 5 · 41 % -LRB- 3 · 41-8 · 49 % -RRB- in men , and at age 85-89 years , it was 18 · 38 % -LRB- 11 · 16-28 · 76 % -RRB- in women and 18 · 83 % -LRB- 12 · 03-28 · 25 % -RRB- in men . Prevalence in men was lower in LMIC than in HIC -LRB- 2 · 89 % -LSB- 2 · 04-4 · 07 % -RSB- at 45-49 years and 14 · 94 % -LSB- 9 · 58-22 · 56 % -RSB- at 85-89 years -RRB- . In LMIC , rates were higher in women than in men , especially at younger ages -LRB- 6 · 31 % -LSB- 4 · 86-8 · 15 % -RSB- of women aged 45-49 years -RRB- . Smoking was an important risk factor in both HIC and LMIC , with meta-OR for current smoking of 2 · 72 -LRB- 95 % CI 2 · 39-3 · 09 -RRB- in HIC and 1 · 42 -LRB- 1 · 25-1 · 62 -RRB- in LMIC , followed by diabetes -LRB- 1 · 88 -LSB- 1 · 66-2 · 14 -RSB- vs 1 · 47 -LSB- 1 · 29-1 · 68 -RSB- -RRB- , hypertension -LRB- 1 · 55 -LSB- 1 · 42-1 · 71 -RSB- vs 1 · 36 -LSB- 1 · 24-1 · 50 -RSB- -RRB- , and hypercholesterolaemia -LRB- 1 · 19 -LSB- 1 · 07-1 · 33 -RSB- vs 1 · 14 -LSB- 1 · 03-1 · 25 -RSB- -RRB- . Globally , 202 million people were living with peripheral artery disease in 2010 , 69 · 7 % of them in LMIC , including 54 · 8 million in southeast Asia and 45 · 9 million in the western Pacific Region . During the preceding decade the number of individuals with peripheral artery disease increased by 28 · 7 % in LMIC and 13 · 1 % in HIC . In the 21st century , peripheral artery disease has become a global
Moyamoya is a progressive occlusive cerebrovascular disease which affects the distal internal carotid artery and its main branches , and is characterized , from a clinical point of view , by a variety of ischemic manifestations ranging from transient ischemic attacks -LRB- TIA -RRB- to stroke . Although considered until recently as almost specific of Japanese population , it can also affect individuals of different origin , and there is an increasing interest for this rare disease in Western medical literature . Nonetheless papers dealing with moyamoya disease in pediatric age are still very rare and almost exclusively limited to isolated case reports . These considerations prompted us to review our experience with the diagnosis and treatment of such unusual disease . Nine children -LRB- seven months to nine years of age -RRB- presented with clinical manifestations of occlusive cerebrovascular disease -LRB- TIAs or stroke -RRB- , epilepsy , and/or psychomotor retardation . Neuroradiological investigation , and in particular cerebral angiography , demonstrated the classical pattern of moyamoya disease . Eight of these children underwent cerebral revascularization utilizing the encephalomyosynangiosis -LRB- EMS -RRB- technique , with a total of 14 operations -LRB- six on both sides , two on one side -RRB- . There was no mortality neither major morbidity related to surgery . One patient with renovascular hypertension , died at home approximately six months after a successful operation , probably from cerebral hemorrhage . In all the cases postoperative angiography revealed a marked improvement in cerebral circulation . However , in spite of the apparently normalized cerebral blood flow , clinical manifestations were affected less significantly . In fact , there was only minimal if any improvement in children operated on with an already established hemiplegia ; whereas improvement in motor ability was obtained in those presenting with hemiparesis or TIAs , as well as in epilepsy and psychomotor retardation . On the grounds of our results we conclude that cerebral revascularization -LRB- by means of a simple operation like the EMS -RRB- in children with moyamoya disease is worthwhile , provided that the operation be performed before irreversible cerebral damage is established ; however , even under these circumstances the operation can at least stop the progression of the disease . One hundred cases of Moyamoya disease were encountered between 1961 and 1980 . This report describes the clinical characteristics and emphasizes the angiographic findings and clinical correlation in this disease . Reasons for the differences in clinical and radiological presentation in children versus adults are proposed and a possible pathophysiological mechanism is outlined . Treatment with perivascular sympathectomy and superior cervical ganglionectomy may be useful but more investigation needs to be carried out into the pathogenesis of the disease before more definitive therapy is realized . Many clinical features that are specific to moyamoya disease have been reported and cited in textbooks based on previous data . The purpose of this study is to investigate the present epidemiological features of moyamoya disease based on recently obtained regional all-inclusive data . The authors performed an all-inclusive survey of moyamoya disease in Hokkaido , one of the major islands in Japan that has a population of 5.63 million . These analysed data were adjusted to the whole Japanese population at 2005 . The detection rate of the disease per year was 0.94 patients per 100,000 people , and prevalence was 10.5 patients per 100,000 people . The incidence of ischaemia concerned with the disease was 0.53 patients per 100,000 people-years and haemorrhage was 0.2 patients per 100,000 people-years . The ratio of patients aged 10 years and above to under 10 years of age at onset was 6.18 . Two peaks for age of onset were seen : the highest was observed between 45 and 49 years , and the second between 5 and 9 years . Asymptomatic patients comprised 17.8 % of the total number of patients . The epidemiological features of moyamoya disease determined by this survey varied considerably from previous data . The detection rate and prevalence of the disease were higher than those reported previously . The highest peak of onset age was older than those reported previously . In addition , it was revealed that asymptomatic moyamoya patients are not always rare in Japan .
Interferons -LRB- IFNs -RRB- play an important role in immune surveillance of tumors ; however , their efficacy in the treatment of malignancies has been limited . Monocytes are mononuclear phagocytes that are critical to the generation of an innate immune response to tumors . The authors and others have shown that treatment of tumor cell lines in vitro and in vivo with human monocytes primed with type I and type II IFNs results in killing . We now expand on this work , in an extended panel of ovarian cancer cell lines . In this study , we hypothesized that there would be variable sensitivity amongst cell lines to the killing properties of monocytes and IFNs . To this end , we explored the interactions of IFN primed monocytes in conjunction with the standard of therapy for ovarian cancer , taxane , and platinum-based chemotherapeutics . At the site of inflammation , monocytes express cytokines and chemokines . Monocytes have been shown to be cytotoxic to tumor cells in the presence of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as Interferon Alpha , Interferon Gamma , and IL-6 . We have previously shown that monocytes stimulated with both interferons -LRB- IFNs -RRB- results in synergistic killing of ovarian cancer cells . We translated these observations to an ongoing clinical trial using adoptive cell transfer of autologous monocytes stimulated ex vivo with IFNs and infused into the peritoneal cavity of patients with advanced , chemotherapy resistant , ovarian cancer . Here we describe the optimization of the monocyte elutriation protocol and a cryopreservation protocol of the monocytes isolated from peripheral blood . Counter flow elutriation was performed on healthy donors or women with ovarian cancer . The monocyte-containing , RO-fraction was assessed for total monocyte number , purity , viability , and cytotoxicity with and without a cryopreservation step . All five fractions obtained from the elutriation procedure were also assessed by flow cytometry to measure the percent of immune cell subsets in each fraction . Both iterative monocyte isolation using counter flow elutriation or cryopreservation following counter flow elutriation can yield over 2 billion monocytes for each donor with high purity . We also show that the monocytes are stable , viable , and retain cytotoxic functions when cultured with IFNs . Large scale isolation of monocytes from both healthy donors and patients with advanced , chemotherapy resistant ovarian cancer , can be achieved with high total number of monocytes . These monocytes can be cryopreserved and maintain viability and cytotoxic function . All of the elutriated cell fractions contain ample immune cells which could be used for other cell therapy-based applications .
Cystoid macular edema -LRB- CME -RRB- is a classical complication of ocular inflammation . This syndrome was already described by Irvine in 1953 but the pathogenesis of this condition remains unclear . Cystoid macular edema can result either from a rupture of the inner or from the outer blood ocular barrier . Clinical CME that is responsible for a low visual acuity must be differentiated from angiographic CME that can be present even without any decrease in visual acuity . Fluid progressively accumulates into the outer plexiform layer of the retina and pools into cystic spaces . Fluid accumulation can now be better seen with optical coherence tomography -LRB- OCT -RRB- . In chronic CME fluid accumulation is associated with thinning of the retina and fibrosis . At this stage irreversible lesions are present and CME does not respond to medical therapies . Inflammatory CME must be differentiated from CME resulting from irreversible vascular damage such as in diabetic CME or due to vein occlusions . Experimental research on cystoid macular edema has been hampered by the lack of animal model : most of laboratory animals have no macula , monkeys appear to be highly resistant to macular edema . Five major causes have been suspected to be at the origin of CME : -LRB- 1 -RRB- photic retinopathy , -LRB- 2 -RRB- trauma of ocular tissue , -LRB- 3 -RRB- secondary irritation of the ciliary body , -LRB- 4 -RRB- vitreous traction and -LRB- 5 -RRB- pharmaceutically induced CME . Acetazolamide is increasing fluid resorption through the retinal pigment epithelium . Postoperative CME rarely needs additional posterior subtenon 's injections to resolve . But in CME occurring secondary to uveitis additional posterior sub-Tenon 's steroid injections or systemic steroids may be necessary to decrease the constant release of inflammatory mediators . New long-acting steroid preparations and methods of delivery have facilitated the use of these new modalities . This review describes the various types of macular oedema for which this therapeutic option is used and the results . To describe the effectiveness of periocular corticosteroid injections in the treatment of cystoid macular edema -LRB- CME -RRB- complicating noninfectious uveitis . Retrospective cohort study . A total of 126 patients -LRB- 156 eyes -RRB- were evaluated for presence of CME , visual acuity , intraocular pressure , degree of intraocular inflammation , and the presence of ocular complications . Main outcome measures included resolution of CME and visual acuity at the 1 - and 3-month visits , failure of periocular injection therapy , and side effects . Twenty-eight percent of the 156 eyes had anterior uveitis , 22 % intermediate uveitis , and 31 % panuveitis . Of these eyes , 53 % demonstrated clinical resolution of CME at 1 month and 57 % at 3 months after a single periocular corticosteroid injection . Forty eyes were treated with > 1 periocular injection because the CME persisted 1 month after the first injection -LRB- 1 additional injection in 21 eyes ; 2 additional injections in 14 eyes ; > 2 additional injections in 5 eyes -RRB- . For the 21 eyes treated with a second periocular corticosteroid injection , 81 % had no CME 1 month after the second injection and 48 % had no CME 3 months after the second injection . Twenty-three eyes -LRB- 15 % -RRB- failed periocular corticosteroid therapy . Of eyes initially responding to periocular injection , CME recurred in 53 % -LRB- median time to recurrence = 20.2 weeks -RRB- . A halving of the visual angle was observed in 52 % and 57 % at the 1 - and 3-month visits after injection , respectively . Fifty-three percent of eyes treated with a single periocular corticosteroid injection had clinical resolution of CME 1 month after the injection .
Pharmacotherapy constitutes an important adjunct to behavioral therapy for the treatment of overactive bladder -LRB- OAB -RRB- . Tolterodine and oxybutynin are commonly prescribed drugs for OAB treatment that exert their beneficial effect by suppressing bladder muscle contractions . However , high discontinuation rates have been observed for these drugs in clinical trials , as well as in real-world settings , in part due to adverse effects . Extended-release -LRB- ER -RRB- formulations were introduced with an improved tolerability profile over immediate-release -LRB- IR -RRB- versions of the 2 drugs . No study has compared persistence and adherence to therapy for both the ER and IR versions of tolterodine and oxybutynin . To compare persistence , adherence , and switch rates for the IR and ER formulations of oxybutynin and tolterodine for patients enrolled in a regional managed care plan . Study patients were adults -LRB- aged e 18 years -RRB- , with at least 1 pharmacy claim for either tolterodine extended-release -LRB- tol-ER -RRB- , oxybutynin extended-release -LRB- oxy-ER -RRB- , tolterodine immediate-release -LRB- tol-IR -RRB- , or oxybutynin immediate-release -LRB- oxy-IR -RRB- during the period from July 1 , 1999 , to December 31 , 2003 , and were continuously eligible for benefits from 6 months before through 12 months after the initial OAB pharmacy claim -LRB- index -RRB- date . A retrospective cohort study design was used following patients from the index date to the occurrence of non-persistence with the index medication -LRB- i.e. , a gap of > 45 days between successive prescription fills or a switch to any other OAB medication -RRB- , or the end of a 1-year follow-up period , through December 31 , 2004 . Switching was defined as any change from the index medication , including a change in dose form -LRB- e.g. , tol-IR to tol-ER -RRB- , to one of the other 3 study drugs , or to a different OAB treatment -LRB- e.g. , trospium chloride , oxybutynin patch , flavoxate , hyoscyamine sulfate , or propantheline bromide -RRB- during the follow-up period . Adherence was measured as the proportion of patients with a medication possession ratio -LRB- MPR -RRB- of at least 80 % . MPR was calculated as -LRB- 1 -RRB- the sum of days supply for all pharmacy claims except the last pharmacy claim , divided by -LRB- 2 -RRB- the total number of days from the first fill date to the fill date of the last pharmacy claim . The association of drug therapy with study outcomes was assessed with bivariate and adjusted -LRB- multivariate -RRB- analyses . Multivariate analyses controlled for demographic and clinical characteristics , plan type , patient out-of-pocket cost for the index medication , and year of therapy initiation . 1,117 patients had at least 1 pharmacy claim for an OAB study drug -LRB- n = 454 for tol-ER -LSB- 40.6 % -RSB- , n = 249 for oxy-ER -LSB- 22.3 % -RSB- , n = 306 for tol-IR -LSB- 27.4 % -RSB- , n = 108 for oxy-IR -LSB- 9.7 % -RSB- -RRB- , of whom 81.6 % were women . The mean -LRB- standard deviation -LSB- SD -RSB- -RRB- age of the study population was 55.7 -LRB- 14.5 -RRB- years . Only 53.7 % had at least 1 OAB diagnosis recorded during the 18-month eligibility period . 44.5 % of patients did not have a refill after the initial -LRB- index -RRB- pharmacy claim -LRB- 39.4 % for oxy-ER , 42.7 % for tol-ER , 46.1 % for tol-IR , and 59.3 % for oxy-IR ; P = 0.004 -RRB- . The overall switch rate as a percentage of all study patients was 13.3 % , ranging from 9.9 % for tol-ER , 13.7 % for tol-IR , 16.5 % for oxy-ER , and 19.4 % for oxy-IR ; P = 0.020 . Of patients who refilled their initial prescription at least once , 24.0 % made a medication switch . Adherence rates as measured by percentage of patients with MPR > or = 80 % were 30.3 % overall and higher for the ER formulations : 35.2 % for tol-ER , 36.1 % for oxy-ER , 23.5 % for tol-IR , and 14.8 % for oxy-IR ; P < 0.001 . Adherence was significantly better for ER than IR agents . The high rate of non-persistence -LRB- 44.5 % -RRB- following the first -LRB- index -RRB- prescription highlights the need for medication counseling by health care professionals . Treatment of osteoporosis is often inadequate . One reason can be insufficient patient education following diagnostic bone densitometry -LRB- DXA -RRB- . Therefore , we studied how patients are informed and treated following their first DXA . Individuals who had DXA at a rural hospital in Wisconsin were surveyed with a questionnaire regarding their post-test education and prescribed treatment . Their DXA results and the specialty of their clinician were also recorded . Eighty percent of the 1,014 participants were informed of their results . Of the 341 participants who had normal bone mineral density -LRB- BMD -RRB- , 63 % reported correct results , while only 31 % of the 309 who had osteopenia and 50 % of the 364 who had osteoporosis reported correct results . Accuracy in reporting was not affected by the patients ' age or the specialty of their clinicians . Following DXA , 339 patients -LRB- 33 % -RRB- were started on medications ; 86 % of those remained on some prescribed therapy for osteoporosis , but 140 -LRB- 41 % -RRB- did not continue the initial medication . Reasons for discontinuation included side effects -LRB- 48 % -RRB- and cost -LRB- 26 % -RRB- . Patients with low BMD who correctly reported their results were more likely to have received a medication and to continue to take it -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- . Calcium supplements were recommended to 65 % of those not taking calcium prior to DXA . Internists were
Needle visualization is important for safe and successful ultrasound-guided peripheral nerve block . However , accurate and consistent visualization of the needle tip can be difficult to achieve . This review article describes many of the challenges affecting needle visualization , summarizes the relevant literature on ultrasound imaging of needles , and offers practical strategies for improving needle tip visibility . Finally , future directions for research and development are suggested . This prospective , randomized , observer-blinded study compared single - and double-injection ultrasound-guided infraclavicular brachial plexus block for upper extremity surgery . Eighty-eight patients were randomly allocated to receive a single-injection -LRB- n = 44 -RRB- or double-injection -LRB- n = 44 -RRB- ultrasound-guided infraclavicular block . The main outcome variable was the onset time . A blinded observer recorded the onset time , block-related pain scores , success rate -LRB- surgical anesthesia -RRB- , and the incidence of complications . Performance time -LRB- defined as the sum of imaging and needling times -RRB- and the number of needle passes were also recorded during the performance of the block . The total anesthesia-related time was defined as the sum of the performance and onset times . No differences in imaging , needling , performance , and onset and total anesthesia-related times were found between the 2 groups . There were no differences in the incidence of adverse events . The double-injection ultrasound-guided infraclavicular block provides no significant advantages compared with its single-injection counterpart .
The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 -LRB- SARS-CoV-2 -RRB- emerged in December 2019 causing the coronavirus disease -LRB- COVID-19 -RRB- pandemic . Currently , there is a lack of evidence-based therapies to prevent COVID-19 following exposure to the virus , or to prevent worsening of symptoms following confirmed infection . We describe the design of a clinical trial of hydroxychloroquine for post-exposure prophylaxis -LRB- PEP -RRB- and pre-emptive therapy -LRB- PET -RRB- for COVID-19 . We will conduct two nested multicentre international double-blind randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials of hydroxychloroquine for : 1 -RRB- PEP of asymptomatic household contacts or healthcare workers exposed to COVID-19 within the past four days , and 2 -RRB- PET for symptomatic outpatients with COVID-19 showing symptoms for less than four days . We will recruit 1,500 patients each for the PEP and PET trials . Participants will be randomized 1:1 to receive five days of hydroxychloroquine or placebo . The primary PEP trial outcome will be the incidence of symptomatic COVID-19 . The primary PET trial outcome will be an ordinal scale of disease severity -LRB- not hospitalized , hospitalized without intensive care , hospitalization with intensive care , or death -RRB- . Participant screening , informed consent , and follow-up will be exclusively internet-based with appropriate regulatory and research ethics board approvals in Canada and the United States . These complementary randomized-controlled trials are innovatively designed and adequately powered to rapidly answer urgent questions regarding the effectiveness of hydroxychloroquine to reduce virus transmission and disease severity of COVID-19 during a pandemic . In-person participant follow-up will not be conducted to facilitate social distancing strategies and reduce risks of exposure to study personnel . clinicaltrials.gov -LRB- NCT04308668 -RRB- ; registered 16 March , 2020 . Coronavirus disease 2019 -LRB- Covid-19 -RRB- occurs after exposure to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 -LRB- SARS-CoV-2 -RRB- . For persons who are exposed , the standard of care is observation and quarantine . Whether hydroxychloroquine can prevent symptomatic infection after SARS-CoV-2 exposure is unknown . We conducted a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial across the United States and parts of Canada testing hydroxychloroquine as postexposure prophylaxis . We enrolled adults who had household or occupational exposure to someone with confirmed Covid-19 at a distance of less than 6 ft for more than 10 minutes while wearing neither a face mask nor an eye shield -LRB- high-risk exposure -RRB- or while wearing a face mask but no eye shield -LRB- moderate-risk exposure -RRB- . Within 4 days after exposure , we randomly assigned participants to receive either placebo or hydroxychloroquine -LRB- 800 mg once , followed by 600 mg in 6 to 8 hours , then 600 mg daily for 4 additional days -RRB- . The primary outcome was the incidence of either laboratory-confirmed Covid-19 or illness compatible with Covid-19 within 14 days . Overall , 87.6 % of the participants -LRB- 719 of 821 -RRB- reported a high-risk exposure to a confirmed Covid-19 contact . The incidence of new illness compatible with Covid-19 did not differ significantly between participants receiving hydroxychloroquine -LRB- 49 of 414 -LSB- 11.8 % -RSB- -RRB- and those receiving placebo -LRB- 58 of 407 -LSB- 14.3 % -RSB- -RRB- ; the absolute difference was -2.4 percentage points -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , -7.0 to 2.2 ; P = 0.35 -RRB- . Side effects were more common with hydroxychloroquine than with placebo -LRB- 40.1 % vs. 16.8 % -RRB- , but no serious adverse reactions were reported . After high-risk or moderate-risk exposure to Covid-19 , hydroxychloroquine did not prevent illness compatible with Covid-19 or confirmed infection when used as postexposure prophylaxis within 4 days after exposure . -LRB- Funded by David Baszucki and Jan Ellison Baszucki and others ; ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT04308668 . -RRB- .
However , few patients in the control arms received pemetrexed at progression in these trials , performance status -LRB- PS -RRB- two patients were ineligible and few of the participants were elderly . Thus , we designed this study comparing immediate switch <b> - </b> maintenance pemetrexed therapy with pemetrexed at progression after platinum-doublet chemotherapy . <b> Methods : </b> Patients with stage IIIB/IV non-squamous NSCLC , ≥ 18 years , PS 0-2 , and non-progression after four courses of carboplatin/vinorelbine were randomized to receive immediate maintenance pemetrexed therapy or observation followed by pemetrexed at progression . The primary endpoint was OS , secondary endpoints were PFS , toxicity and health related quality of life -LRB- HRQoL -RRB- . <b> Results : </b> 105 patients were randomized between May 2014 and September 2017 . Patients in the maintenance arm had a numerically longer OS -LRB- median 12.0 vs. 10.0 months ; <i> p </i> = .10 -RRB- and a statistically significant longer PFS -LRB- median 3.1 vs. 1.9 months ; <i> p </i> < .01 -RRB- . In multivariable analyses adjusting for baseline characteristics , there was a trend toward improved OS -LRB- HR 0.65 , 95 % CI 0.42-1.01 -RRB- ; <i> p </i> = .05 -RRB- , and a significantly improved PFS -LRB- HR 0.53 , 95 % CI 0.35-0.80 ; <i> p </i> < .01 -RRB- . There were no significant differences in toxicity or HRQoL between the treatment arms . <b> Conclusion : </b> There was a trend toward prolonged OS and significantly longer PFS from switch <b> - </b> maintenance pemetrexed therapy when 73 % of patients in the control arm received pemetrexed at progression . <b> ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier : </b> NCT02004184 .
Rates of overdose deaths involving prescription drugs increased rapidly in the United States during 1999-2006 . However , such mortality data do not portray the morbidity associated with prescription drug overdoses . Data from emergency department -LRB- ED -RRB- visits can represent this morbidity and can be accessed more quickly than mortality data . To better understand recent national trends in drug-related morbidity , CDC and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration -LRB- SAMHSA -RRB- reviewed the most recent 5 years of available data -LRB- 2004-2008 -RRB- on ED visits involving the nonmedical use of prescription drugs from SAMHSA 's Drug Abuse Warning Network -LRB- DAWN -RRB- . This report describes the results of that review , which showed that the estimated number of ED visits for nonmedical use of opioid analgesics increased 111 % during 2004-2008 -LRB- from 144,600 to 305,900 visits -RRB- and increased 29 % during 2007-2008 . The highest numbers of ED visits were recorded for oxycodone , hydrocodone , and methadone , all of which showed statistically significant increases during the 5-year period . The estimated number of ED visits involving nonmedical use of benzodiazepines increased 89 % during 2004-2008 -LRB- from 143,500 to 271,700 visits -RRB- and 24 % during 2007-2008 . These findings indicate substantial , increasing morbidity associated with the nonmedical use of prescription drugs in the United States during 2004-2008 , despite recent efforts to control the problem . Stronger measures to reduce the diversion of prescription drugs to nonmedical purposes are warranted . The combination of acetaminophen , codeine , and caffeine -LRB- Tylenol 3 , T3 -RRB- is a standard postoperative analgesia after breast surgery despite the adverse effects and variable efficacy of narcotics . This study compared the efficacy of a nonnarcotic approach -LRB- acetaminophen and ibuprofen ; AcIBU -RRB- to T3 after outpatient breast surgery . This double-blind randomized equivalence trial involved patients undergoing outpatient breast surgery . Patients were randomized -LRB- stratified by procedure type -RRB- to receive AcIBU or T3 four times daily for 7 days , or until free of pain . Pain intensity , measured four times daily by the visual analog scale , was the primary outcome ; secondary outcomes were pain relief with analgesic , days until freedom from pain , adverse effects , discontinuation of drug as a result of adverse effects , and patient satisfaction . There were 71 patients randomized to AcIBU and 70 patients to T3 . Repeated measures analysis showed no significant difference in average pain intensity over 7 days -LRB- AcIBU 19.9 mm vs. T3 20.6 mm ; P = 0.78 -RRB- . Similarly , there was no significant difference in pain relief with analgesic -LRB- P = 0.46 -RRB- . Although no difference in the incidence of adverse effects was observed -LRB- P = 0.94 -RRB- , discontinuation of the study drug as a result of adverse effects was more common with T3 -LRB- 19 % vs. 6 % ; P = 0.018 -RRB- . No significant differences were identified in days until freedom from pain or patient satisfaction ; 92 % of AcIBU and 89 % of T3 patients were satisfied with their pain control -LRB- P = 0.55 -RRB- . AcIBU is a safe , effective method of pain control after outpatient breast surgery . Compared to T3 , it provides at least equivalent analgesia and has a more tolerable adverse effect profile . We designed this randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled study to evaluate the effect of postoperative administration of either a nonselective nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug -LRB- ibuprofen -RRB- or the cyclooxygenase-2 selective inhibitor -LRB- celecoxib when administered as part of a multimodal analgesic regimen -RRB- on the severity of pain , the need for rescue analgesics , and clinically relevant patient outcomes after ambulatory surgery . The primary end point was the time to resumption of normal activities of daily living . One hundred eighty patients undergoing outpatient surgery were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatment groups : group 1 -LRB- control -RRB- received either 2 placebo capsules -LRB- matching celecoxib -RRB- or 1 placebo tablet -LRB- matching ibuprofen -RRB- in the recovery room and 1 placebo tablet at bedtime on the day of surgery , followed by 1 placebo capsule or tablet 3 times a day for 3 days after discharge ; group 2 -LRB- celecoxib -RRB- received celecoxib 400 mg -LRB- 2 capsules -RRB- orally in the recovery room and 1 placebo capsule and tablet at bedtime on the day of surgery , followed by celecoxib 200 mg -LRB- 1 capsule -RRB- twice a day + placebo capsule every day at bedtime for 3 days after surgery ; or group 3 -LRB- ibuprofen -RRB- received ibuprofen 400 mg -LRB- 1 tablet -RRB- orally in the recovery room and 400 mg orally at bedtime on the day of surgery , followed by 400 mg orally 3 times a day for 3 days after surgery . Recovery times , postoperative pain scores , and the need for rescue analgesics were recorded before discharge . The 3 groups did not differ with respect to their demographic characteristics . Compared with the placebo treatment , both celecoxib and ibuprofen significantly decreased the need for rescue analgesic medication after discharge -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . The effect sizes -LRB- celecoxib and ibuprofen versus control group -RRB- were 0.73 to 1 and 0.3 to 0.8 , respectively . Quality of recovery scores and patient satisfaction with their postoperative pain management were also improved in the celecoxib and ibuprofen groups compared with the control group -LRB- P < 0.05 , effect size -LSB- vs control group -RSB- = 0.67 -RRB- . The incidence of postoperative constipation was significantly higher in the control group -LRB- 28 % -RRB- compared with the celecoxib -LRB- 5 % -RRB- and ibuprofen -LRB- 7 % -RRB- groups , respectively -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . Both active treatments were well tolerated in the postdischarge period .
But doing so may obscure other important risk factors and make it difficult to compare centers . To document this data analysis problem , we studied half-life and risk factors for long-term graft survival in 2230 kidney transplant recipients who had > or = 1 year of function . Four separate Cox regression analyses were done , differing in how death with function is considered : death with function considered a graft loss -LRB- analysis 1 -RRB- ; all deaths censored -LRB- analysis 2 -RRB- ; definitively non-transplant-related deaths censored , i.e. , deaths from infection , malignancy , or cardiac problems analyzed as a graft loss -LRB- analysis 3 -RRB- ; and definitively non-transplant-related as well as cardiac deaths censored -LRB- analysis 4 -RRB- . For each analysis , variables included immunosuppressive protocol , age at transplant , donor source , diabetes , gender , transplant number -LRB- primary vs. retransplant -RRB- , and HLA ABDR mismatches -LRB- 0 vs. > or = 1 mismatch -RRB- . There were important differences in risk factors , depending on how death with function is considered . For example , when all deaths are considered a graft loss , age > 50 , cadaver donor source , diabetes , retransplantation , and > 0 antigen mismatch were found to be risk factors for long-term graft survival . However , when all deaths are censored , age > 50 , cadaver donor source , retransplantation , and diabetes were no longer risk factors . In fact , age > 50 was associated with significantly better graft survival when all deaths are censored -LRB- analysis 2 -RRB- , suggesting that the increased graft loss seen in these patients is nonimmunologic . Similarly , t1/2 is markedly different for different patient subgroups depending on how death with function is considered . For example , nondiabetic living donor -LRB- non-HLA-identical -RRB- recipients > 50 have a t1/2 of 9 + / - 1 years when death with function is considered a graft loss ; for the same group , t1/2 is 62 + / - 28 years when death with function is considered . For diabetic patients < or = 50 , when death with function is considered a graft loss , t1/2 is 9 + / - 0.9 years for living donor recipients and 7 + / - 0.7 years for cadaver donor recipients . For the same patients , when death with function is censored , t1/2 is 27 + / - 4 years for living donor recipients and 24 + / - 4 years for cadaver donor recipients . -LRB- ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS -RRB- The perioperative and long-term risks for living kidney donors are of concern . We have studied donors at the University of Minnesota 20 years or more -LRB- mean 23.7 -RRB- after donation by comparing renal function , blood pressure , and proteinuria in donors with siblings . In 57 donors -LRB- mean age 61 -LSB- SE 1 -RSB- -RRB- , mean serum creatinine is 1.1 -LRB- 0.01 -RRB- mg/dl , blood urea nitrogen 17 -LRB- 0.5 -RRB- mg/dl , creatinine clearance 82 -LRB- 2 -RRB- ml/min , and blood pressure 134 -LRB- 2 -RRB- / 80 -LRB- 1 -RRB- mm Hg . 32 % of the donors are taking antihypertensive drugs and 23 % have proteinuria . The 65 siblings -LRB- mean age 58 -LSB- 1.3 -RSB- -RRB- do not significantly differ from the donors in any of these variables : 1.1 -LRB- 0.03 -RRB- mg/dl , 17 -LRB- 1.2 -RRB- mg/dl , 89 -LRB- 3.3 -RRB- ml/min , and 130 -LRB- 3 -RRB- / 80 -LRB- 1.5 -RRB- mm Hg , respectively . 44 % of the siblings are taking antihypertensives and 22 % have proteinuria . To assess perioperative mortality , we surveyed all members of the American Society of Transplant Surgeons about donor mortality at their institutions . We documented 17 perioperative deaths in the USA and Canada after living donation , and estimate mortality to be 0.03 % . We conclude that perioperative mortality in the USA and Canada after living-donor nephrectomy is low . In long-term follow-up of our living donors , we found no evidence of progressive renal deterioration or other serious disorders .
Watermelon stomach or gastric antral vascular ectasia -LRB- GAVE -RRB- is a rare but well-recognized cause of gastrointestinal blood loss , which typically affects elderly women . Historically patients were treated with antrectomy but this has been largely replaced by endoscopic therapy such as Nd : YAG laser . Argon plasma coagulation -LRB- APC -RRB- is a new noncontact electocoagulation technique which has several theoretical advantages over laser . The objective of this study was to assess the efficacy of APC in treating GAVE . We retrospectively reviewed the case-records of five patients -LRB- four women , one man -RRB- with iron deficiency anaemia or gastrointestinal blood loss due to GAVE who were treated with APC and for whom a follow-up of more than 12 months was available . Four patients were transfusion-dependent . Their mean age was 71 years -LRB- range 58 - 83 -RRB- . The mode of presentation , number of treatment sessions , response to therapy and recurrence -LRB- if any -RRB- were recorded . A mean of 2.6 treatment sessions per patient were required . All patients had an endoscopically observed response to therapy and all patients had a sustained rise in hemoglobin level after treatment . Transfusion dependence ceased in all patients . After a mean follow-up of 20 months GAVE recurred in two patients -LRB- 40 % -RRB- . Both patients responded to further APC treatment . No major complications were recorded . APC is a safe and effective short-term treatment for GAVE . The natural history of the condition is uncertain , and at medium-term follow-up GAVE is found to recur in a substantial number of patients treated with APC . Re-treatment with APC is an option in these patients . In argon plasma coagulation -LRB- APC -RRB- , high-frequency energy is transmitted to tissue by ionized gas , thus reducing contact with the tissue to a minimum . Successful endoscopic APC was initially reported in the palliative treatment of gastrointestinal neoplasms . The main objectives in this pilot study were to evaluate the treatment indications , efficacy and safety of the use of APC . Between September 1994 and January 1996 , APC was used to treat 125 patients with various forms of gastrointestinal pathology . For local palliative treatment , APC was successfully used alongside snare loop coagulation , dilation , stenting and/or radiotherapy to treat the following conditions : carcinoma of the esophagus : 15 patients , mean number of treatment sessions -LRB- MTS -RRB- 3.3 ; gastric carcinoma : 10 patients , MTS 4.9 ; rectosigmoid carcinoma : seven patients , MTS 2.7 ; carcinoma of the papilla of Vater : two patients , MTS 1.5 . Repeated treatment was also effective for tubulovillous adenoma of the rectum -LRB- 20 patients , MTS 2.5 -RRB- , stomach -LRB- three patients , MTS 2.0 -RRB- , duodenum -LRB- two patients , MTS 1.5 -RRB- and papilla of Vater -LRB- two patients , MTS 3.0 -RRB- . In addition , APC proved helpful in coagulating the remaining tissue and achieving hemostasis after polypectomy in the colon -LRB- 18 patients , MTS 1.2 -RRB- and in endoscopic treatment of Zenker 's diverticulum , for coagulation of the tissue bridge and hemostasis -LRB- 31 patients , MTS 2.5 -RRB- . Finally , APC was helpful in coagulation of multiple gastric polyps -LRB- one patient , one session -RRB- , hemostasis in superficial ulceration of the duodenal bulb -LRB- one patient , one session -RRB- , after dilation of benign stenoses of anastomoses in the esophagus -LRB- one patient , one session -RRB- and colon -LRB- one patient , one session -RRB- and for vascular malformations in the colon -LRB- three patients , MTS 1.3 -RRB- , duodenum -LRB- one patient , one session -RRB- , antrum -LRB- one patient , two sessions -RRB- , and watermelon stomach -LRB- six patients , MTS 2.8 -RRB- . We recognized signs of perforation in six patients after treatment of Zenker 's diverticulum -LRB- n = 3 -RRB- , polypectomy in the colon -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- and coagulation of angiodysplasia in the cecum . Laparotomy was carried out in two patients ; in one , a perforation was sutured , and in the other no focus of leakage was seen . All six patients recovered without further complications . No complications were observed in any other patients . These initial experiences indicate that APC seems to be effective in a number of indications , and relatively safe . Objective evaluation , a longer follow-up period , and comparative trials with other treatment modalities should follow . Thermal therapy is the cornerstone of endoscopic treatment of bleeding mucosal lesions of the GI tract . However , there is a 20 % failure rate and contact devices may be cumbersome in the treatment of large bleeding areas . A pilot study was conducted to evaluate the safety and efficacy of endoscopic cryotherapy for bleeding mucosal vascular lesions . Patients with recurrent bleeding from diffuse mucosal vascular lesions were treated with cryotherapy and had endoscopic and clinical follow-up . Twenty-six patients with gastric and duodenal arteriovenous malformations -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- , watermelon stomach -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- , radiation-induced gastritis -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- , and radiation-induced proctitis -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- were treated with mean of 3.4 -LRB- 1.6 -RRB- sessions . The best results were achieved in patients with radiation-induced proctitis , with cessation of bleeding in all 7 patients . Cryotherapy was also effective in patients with multiple arteriovenous malformations -LRB- 86 % -RRB- and watermelon stomach -LRB- 71 % -RRB- . It was less effective in patients with radiation-induced damage to stomach and duodenum , although all patients in this group were debilitated because of disseminated malignancy . Cryotherapy is a safe and effective treatment for bleeding from diffuse mucosal lesions of the GI tract . Bleeding from radiation-induced proctitis and multiple arteriovenous malformations is particularly responsive to
The aim was to describe intravenous paracetamol pharmacokinetics , determine major covariates and suggest a dosing regimen for -LRB- pre -RRB- term neonates . A population pharmacokinetic analysis of 943 paracetamol observations from 158 neonates -LRB- 27-45 weeks ' postmenstrual age -LRB- PMA -RRB- -RRB- was undertaken using non-linear mixed effects models . Data from three published studies were pooled with newly collected time-concentration points during repeated intravenous paracetamol administration . A two-compartment -LRB- central , peripheral -RRB- linear disposition model was used . Population parameter estimates -LRB- between-subject variability , % -RRB- were central volume 51.9 l/70 kg -LRB- 21.6 % -RRB- , peripheral volume of distribution 22.7 l/70 kg , clearance 5 l/h/70 kg -LRB- 40 % -RRB- and intercompartment clearance 16.2 l/h/70 kg . Covariate information predicts 60.9 % of clearance variance . Weight was used to predict patient size and was the major covariate contributing 57.5 % of variance . Clearance expressed as mg/kg/h increases only slightly with PMA -LRB- 0.138 l/kg/h at 28 weeks ' PMA to 0.167 l/kg/h at 44 weeks ' PMA -RRB- and contributes only 2.2 % of variance . High unconjugated bilirubin levels contributed an additional 1.2 % .
In December , 2019 , a pneumonia associated with the 2019 novel coronavirus -LRB- 2019-nCoV -RRB- emerged in Wuhan , China . We aimed to further clarify the epidemiological and clinical characteristics of 2019-nCoV pneumonia . In this retrospective , single-centre study , we included all confirmed cases of 2019-nCoV in Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital from Jan 1 to Jan 20 , 2020 . Cases were confirmed by real-time RT-PCR and were analysed for epidemiological , demographic , clinical , and radiological features and laboratory data . Outcomes were followed up until Jan 25 , 2020 . Of the 99 patients with 2019-nCoV pneumonia , 49 -LRB- 49 % -RRB- had a history of exposure to the Huanan seafood market . The average age of the patients was 55 · 5 years -LRB- SD 13 · 1 -RRB- , including 67 men and 32 women . 2019-nCoV was detected in all patients by real-time RT-PCR . 50 -LRB- 51 % -RRB- patients had chronic diseases . Patients had clinical manifestations of fever -LRB- 82 -LSB- 83 % -RSB- patients -RRB- , cough -LRB- 81 -LSB- 82 % -RSB- patients -RRB- , shortness of breath -LRB- 31 -LSB- 31 % -RSB- patients -RRB- , muscle ache -LRB- 11 -LSB- 11 % -RSB- patients -RRB- , confusion -LRB- nine -LSB- 9 % -RSB- patients -RRB- , headache -LRB- eight -LSB- 8 % -RSB- patients -RRB- , sore throat -LRB- five -LSB- 5 % -RSB- patients -RRB- , rhinorrhoea -LRB- four -LSB- 4 % -RSB- patients -RRB- , chest pain -LRB- two -LSB- 2 % -RSB- patients -RRB- , diarrhoea -LRB- two -LSB- 2 % -RSB- patients -RRB- , and nausea and vomiting -LRB- one -LSB- 1 % -RSB- patient -RRB- . According to imaging examination , 74 -LRB- 75 % -RRB- patients showed bilateral pneumonia , 14 -LRB- 14 % -RRB- patients showed multiple mottling and ground-glass opacity , and one -LRB- 1 % -RRB- patient had pneumothorax . 17 -LRB- 17 % -RRB- patients developed acute respiratory distress syndrome and , among them , 11 -LRB- 11 % -RRB- patients worsened in a short period of time and died of multiple organ failure . The 2019-nCoV infection was of clustering onset , is more likely to affect older males with comorbidities , and can result in severe and even fatal respiratory diseases such as acute respiratory distress syndrome . In general , characteristics of patients who died were in line with the MuLBSTA score , an early warning model for predicting mortality in viral pneumonia . Further investigation is needed to explore the applicability of the MuLBSTA score in predicting the risk of mortality in 2019-nCoV infection . National Key R&D Program of China . It is now becoming apparent that there is a pattern to these inconsistencies . A recent large trial has shown that high-dose intermittent bolus vitamin D therapy is ineffective at preventing rickets - the condition that is most unequivocally caused by vitamin D deficiency . There is a plausible biological explanation since high-dose bolus replacement induces long-term expression of the catabolic enzyme 24-hydroxylase and fibroblast growth factor 23 , both of which have vitamin D inactivating effects . Meta-analyses of vitamin D supplementation in prevention of acute respiratory infection and trials in tuberculosis and other conditions also support efficacy of low dose daily maintenance rather than intermittent bolus dosing . This is particularly relevant during the current COVID-19 pandemic given the well-documented associations between COVID-19 risk and vitamin D deficiency . We would urge that clinicians take note of these findings and give strong support to widespread use of daily vitamin D supplementation . WHO declared SARS-CoV-2 a global pandemic . The mean levels of vitamin D for 20 European countries and morbidity and mortality caused by COVID-19 were acquired . Negative correlations between mean levels of vitamin D -LRB- average 56 mmol/L , STDEV 10.61 -RRB- in each country and the number of COVID-19 cases/1 M -LRB- mean 295.95 , STDEV 298.7 , and mortality/1 M -LRB- mean 5.96 , STDEV 15.13 -RRB- were observed . Vitamin D levels are severely low in the aging population especially in Spain , Italy and Switzerland . This is also the most vulnerable group of the population in relation to COVID-19 . To analyze the associations between cholecalciferol or calcifediol supplementation , serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D -LRB- 25OHD -RRB- levels and COVID-19 outcomes in a large population . All individuals ≥ 18 years old living in Barcelona-Central Catalonia -LRB- n = 4.6 million -RRB- supplemented with cholecalciferol or calcifediol from April 2019 to February 2020 were compared with propensity score-matched untreated controls . Outcome variables were SARS-CoV2 infection , severe COVID-19 and COVID-19 mortality occuring during the first wave of the pandemic . Demographical data , comorbidities , serum 25OHD levels and concomitant pharmacological treatments were collected as covariates . Associations between cholecalciferol or calcifediol use and outcome variables were analyzed using multivariate Cox proportional regression . Cholecalciferol supplementation -LRB- n = 108,343 -RRB- was associated with slight protection from SARS-CoV2 infection -LRB- n = 4352 -LSB- 4.0 % -RSB- vs 9142/216 ,686 -LSB- 4.2 % -RSB- in controls ; HR 0.95 -LSB- CI 95 % 0.91-0.98 -RSB- , p = 0.004 -RRB- . Patients on cholecalciferol treatment achieving 25OHD levels ≥ 30 ng/ml had lower risk of SARS-CoV2 infection , lower risk of severe COVID-19 and lower COVID-19 mortality than unsupplemented 25OHD-deficient patients -LRB- 56/9474 -LSB- 0.6 % -RSB- vs 96/7616 -LSB- 1.3 % -RSB- ; HR 0.66 -LSB- CI 95 % 0.46-0.93 -RSB- , p = 0.018 -RRB- . Calcifediol use -LRB- n = 134,703 -RRB- was not associated with reduced risk of SARS-CoV2 infection or mortality in the whole cohort . However , patients on calcifediol treatment achieving serum 25OHD levels ≥ 30 ng/ml also had lower risk of SARS-CoV2 infection , lower risk of severe COVID-19 , and lower COVID-19 mortality compared to 25OHD-deficient patients not receiving vitamin D supplements -LRB- 88/16276 -LSB- 0.5 % -RSB-
To assess the accuracy of general practitioners , practice nurses , and interpretative software in the use of different types of electrocardiogram to diagnose atrial fibrillation . Prospective comparison with reference standard of assessment of electrocardiograms by two independent specialists . 49 general practices in central England . 2595 patients aged 65 or over screened for atrial fibrillation as part of the screening for atrial fibrillation in the elderly -LRB- SAFE -RRB- study ; 49 general practitioners and 49 practice nurses . All electrocardiograms were read with the Biolog interpretative software , and a random sample of 12 lead , limb lead , and single lead thoracic placement electrocardiograms were assessed by general practitioners and practice nurses independently of each other and of the Biolog assessment . Sensitivity , specificity , and positive and negative predictive values . General practitioners detected 79 out of 99 cases of atrial fibrillation on a 12 lead electrocardiogram -LRB- sensitivity 80 % , 95 % confidence interval 71 % to 87 % -RRB- and misinterpreted 114 out of 1355 cases of sinus rhythm as atrial fibrillation -LRB- specificity 92 % , 90 % to 93 % -RRB- . Practice nurses detected a similar proportion of cases of atrial fibrillation -LRB- sensitivity 77 % , 67 % to 85 % -RRB- , but had a lower specificity -LRB- 85 % , 83 % to 87 % -RRB- . The interpretative software was significantly more accurate , with a specificity of 99 % , but missed 36 of 215 cases of atrial fibrillation -LRB- sensitivity 83 % -RRB- . Combining general practitioners ' interpretation with the interpretative software led to a sensitivity of 92 % and a specificity of 91 % . Use of limb lead or single lead thoracic placement electrocardiograms resulted in some loss of specificity . Many primary care professionals can not accurately detect atrial fibrillation on an electrocardiogram , and interpretative software is not sufficiently accurate to circumvent this problem , even when combined with interpretation by a general practitioner . Diagnosis of atrial fibrillation in the community needs to factor in the reading of electrocardiograms by appropriately trained people . To determine the most cost-effective method of screening for atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- in the population aged 65 years and over , as well as its prevalence and incidence in this age group . Also to evaluate the relative cost-effectiveness of different methods of recording and interpreting the electrocardiogram -LRB- ECG -RRB- within a screening programme . Multicentred randomised controlled trial . Purposefully selected general practices were randomly allocated to 25 intervention practices and 25 control practices . Fifty primary care centres across the West Midlands , UK . Patients aged 65 years and over . GPs and practice nurses in the intervention practices received education on the importance of AF detection and ECG interpretation . Patients in the intervention practices were randomly allocated to systematic -LRB- n = 5000 -RRB- or opportunistic screening -LRB- n = 5000 -RRB- . Prospective identification of pre-existing risk factors for AF within the screened population enabled comparison between targeted screening of people at higher risk of AF and total population screening . AF detection rates in systematically screened and opportunistically screened populations in the intervention practices were compared with AF detection rate in 5000 patients in the control practices . The screening period was 12 months . Baseline prevalence of AF was 7.2 % , with a higher prevalence in males -LRB- 7.8 % -RRB- and patients aged 75 years and over -LRB- 10.3 % -RRB- . The control population demonstrated higher baseline prevalence -LRB- 7.9 % -RRB- than either the systematic -LRB- 6.9 % -RRB- or opportunistic -LRB- 6.9 % -RRB- intervention population . In the control population 47 new cases were detected -LRB- incidence 1.04 % per year -RRB- . In the opportunistic arm 243 patients without a baseline diagnosis of AF were found to have an irregular pulse , with 177 having an ECG , yielding 31 new cases -LRB- incidence 0.69 % per year -RRB- . A further 44 cases were detected outside the screening programme -LRB- overall incidence 1.64 % per year -RRB- . In the systematic arm 2357 patients had an ECG yielding 52 new cases -LRB- incidence 1.1 % per year -RRB- . Of these , 31 were detected by targeted screening and a further 21 by total population screening . A further 22 cases were detected outside the screening programme -LRB- overall incidence 1.62 % per year -RRB- . GPs and practice nurses performed less well . The within-trial economic evaluation results showed the lowest incremental cost to be for the opportunistic arm , with an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of 337 pounds Sterling for each additional case detected compared to the control arm . Opportunistic screening dominated both more intensive screening strategies . Model-based analyses showed small differences in cost and quality-adjusted life-years for different methods and intensities of screening , but annual opportunistic screening resulted in the lowest number of ischaemic strokes and greatest proportion of cases of AF diagnosed . Probabilistic sensitivity results indicated that there was a probability of approximately 60 % that screening from the age of 65 years was cost-effective in both men and women . The results of the study indicated that in terms of a screening programme for atrial fibrillation in patients 65 and over , the only strategy that improved on routine practice was opportunistic screening , model-based analyses indicated that there was a probability of approximately 60 % of annual opportunistic screening being cost effective . It is suggested that the following topics are worthy of further investigation : the effect of the implementation of a screening programme for AF on the uptake and maintenance of anticoagulation in patients aged 65 years and over ; an evaluation of the role of CDSS in the diagnosis of cardiac arrythmias ; the best method for routinely detecting paroxysmal AF ; ways of improving healthcare professionals ' performance in
DTaP5-IPV-Hib-HepB is a fully liquid investigational hexavalent vaccine directed against 6 diseases . This multicenter , open-label , comparator-controlled , phase III study randomly assigned healthy infants 2-to-1 as follows : group 1 received DTaP5-IPV-Hib-HepB , PCV13 , and RV5 at 2 , 4 , and 6 months of age followed by DTaP5 , Hib-OMP , and PCV13 at 15 months of age ; group 2 received DTaP5-IPV/Hib , PCV13 , and RV5 at 2 , 4 , and 6 months of age , with HepB at 2 and 6 months of age , followed by DTaP5 , Hib-TT , and PCV13 at 15 months of age . Overall , 981 participants were vaccinated in group 1 and 484 in group 2 . After the toddler dose , group 1 immune responses were noninferior to group 2 for all pertussis antigens . Solicited adverse event rates after any dose were similar in both groups , with the exceptions of increased injection-site erythema , increased fever , and decreased appetite in group 1 . Fever was not associated with hospitalization or seizures . The safety and immunogenicity of DTaP5-IPV-Hib-HepB are comparable with the analogous licensed component vaccines . Decreased FHA GMCs and increased injection-site reactions and fever are unlikely to be clinically significant . DTaP5-IPV-Hib-HepB provides a new combination vaccine option aligned with the recommended US infant immunization schedule .
Arterial emboli in the internal carotid artery -LRB- ICA -RRB- mainly cause cerebral ischemia ; only 10 % of emboli reach the retinal arteries . Computational blood flow studies suggest that plaques situated in the ICA siphon may be a source of embolism to the ophthalmic artery -LRB- OA -RRB- . To validate these calculated probabilities in patients with central retinal artery occlusion -LRB- CRAO -RRB- , we reanalyzed digital subtraction angiography -LRB- DSA -RRB- images from the Multicenter Study of the European Assessment Group for Lysis in the Eye -LRB- EAGLE -RRB- study , a multicenter randomized study in patients with nonarteritic CRAO . A reevaluation of 34 DSA studies was done from the interventional arm of the EAGLE study with regards to distribution of arterial plaques at specific ICA siphon locations and ICA stenosis . A comparison was made of plaque distribution to calculated probabilities for emboli reaching the OA from a computational fluid dynamics -LRB- CFD -RRB- model of a patient-specific ICA siphon . Most of the ICA plaques near the OA 's origin were located in the cavernous ICA portion -LRB- 31.3 % -RRB- . Of these , 12.5 % had plaques in the curvature opposite the OA origin , a location carrying the highest risk for embolization into the OA -LRB- according to the CFD model 12.6-13.2 % probability of embolisation into the OA -RRB- . Also , 15.6 % had plaques in the paraclinoid ICA portion distal to the OA origin . There were 40.6 % of the patients that had plaques in the cavernous and clinoid ICA portions presenting possible sources for embolic material generating RAO . Patients with ischemic stroke , cerebral transient ischemic attacks -LRB- TIAs -RRB- , retinal artery occlusion -LRB- RAO -RRB- , and amaurosis fugax are thought to have similar risk factors and underlying vascular disease . However , if risk factors are different in patients with eye compared with brain symptoms and in those whose symptoms last < 24 hours -LRB- transient -RRB- compared with those lasting > 24 hours -LRB- prolonged -RRB- , more focused prevention strategies are possible in the future . All patients with ischemic stroke , cerebral TIA , RAO , and amaurosis fugax presenting to our hospital from 1994 to 1999 were examined by a stroke physician . Risk factors were documented , and patients underwent carotid Doppler ultrasound . We registered 1491 patients with ischemic stroke , 580 with cerebral TIA , 79 with RAO , and 138 with amaurosis fugax . Atrial fibrillation was more common in brain than eye events , whether prolonged -LSB- ischemic stroke versus RAO : odds ratio -LRB- OR -RRB- , 3.6 ; 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- , 1.1 to 12 -RSB- or transient -LRB- cerebral TIA versus amaurosis fugax : OR , 2.9 ; 95 % CI , 0.7 to 13 -RRB- , and more common in prolonged than transient events , whether brain -LRB- stroke versus cerebral TIA : OR , 3.3 ; 95 % CI , 2.1 to 5.1 -RRB- or eye -LRB- RAO versus amaurosis fugax : OR , 2.7 ; 95 % CI , 0.4 to 16 -RRB- . Severe ipsilateral carotid disease was less common in brain than eye events , whether prolonged -LRB- ischemic stroke versus RAO : OR , 0.6 ; 95 % CI , 0.3 to 1.0 -RRB- or transient -LRB- cerebral TIA versus amaurosis fugax : OR , 0.4 ; 95 % CI , 0.2 to 0.6 -RRB- . These data suggest that there are pathogenetic differences between transient and permanent eye and brain ischemic syndromes . Improved understanding of these mechanisms could lead to more effective stroke prevention . To investigate systematically the various associated systemic and ophthalmic abnormalities in different types of retinal artery occlusion -LRB- RAO -RRB- . Cohort study . We included 439 consecutive untreated patients -LRB- 499 eyes -RRB- with RAO first seen in our clinic from 1973 to 2000 . At first visit , all patients underwent detailed ophthalmic and medical history , and comprehensive ophthalmic evaluation . Visual evaluation was done by recording visual acuity , using the Snellen visual acuity chart , and visual fields with a Goldmann perimeter . Initially they also had carotid Doppler/angiography and echocardiography . The same ophthalmic evaluation was performed at each follow-up visit . Demographic features , associated systemic and ophthalmic abnormalities , and sources of emboli in various types of RAO . We classified RAO into central -LRB- CRAO -RRB- and branch -LRB- BRAO -RRB- artery occlusion . In both nonarteritic -LRB- NA -RRB- CRAO and BRAO , the prevalence of diabetes mellitus , arterial hypertension , ischemic heart disease , and cerebrovascular accidents were significantly higher compared with the prevalence of these conditions in the matched US population -LRB- all P < 0.0001 -RRB- . Smoking prevalence , compared with the US population , was significantly higher for males -LRB- P = 0.001 -RRB- with NA-CRAO and for women with BRAO -LRB- P = 0.02 -RRB- . Ipsilateral internal carotid artery had > or = 50 % stenosis in 31 % of NA-CRAO patients and 30 % of BRAO , and plaques in 71 % of NA-CRAO and 66 % of BRAO . An abnormal echocardiogram with an embolic source was seen in 52 % of NA-CRAO and 42 % of BRAO . Neovascular glaucoma developed in only 2.5 % of NA-CRAO eyes . This study showed that , in CRAO as well as BRAO , the prevalence of various cardiovascular diseases and smoking was significantly higher compared with the prevalence of these conditions in the matched US population . Embolism is the most common cause of CRAO and BRAO ; plaque in the carotid artery is usually the source of embolism and less commonly the aortic and/or mitral valve . The presence of plaques in the carotid artery is generally of much greater importance than the degree of stenosis in the artery . Contrary to
In the critically ill patients , lung ultrasound -LRB- LUS -RRB- is increasingly being used at the bedside for assessing alveolar-interstitial syndrome , lung consolidation , pneumonia , pneumothorax , and pleural effusion . It could be an easily repeatable noninvasive tool for assessing lung recruitment . Our goal was to compare the pressure-volume -LRB- PV -RRB- curve method with LUS for assessing positive end-expiratory pressure -LRB- PEEP -RRB- - induced lung recruitment in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome/acute lung injury -LRB- ARDS/ALI -RRB- . Thirty patients with ARDS and 10 patients with ALI were prospectively studied . PV curves and LUS were performed in PEEP 0 and PEEP 15 cm H ₂ O ₂ . PEEP-induced lung recruitment was measured using the PV curve method . Four LUS entities were defined : consolidation ; multiple , irregularly spaced B lines ; multiple coalescent B lines ; and normal aeration . For each of the 12 lung regions examined , PEEP-induced ultrasound changes were measured , and an ultrasound reaeration score was calculated . A highly significant correlation was found between PEEP-induced lung recruitment measured by PV curves and ultrasound reaeration score -LRB- Rho = 0.88 ; P < 0.0001 -RRB- . An ultrasound reaeration score of +8 or higher was associated with a PEEP-induced lung recruitment greater than 600 ml . An ultrasound lung reaeration score of +4 or less was associated with a PEEP-induced lung recruitment ranging from 75 to 450 ml . A statistically significant correlation was found between LUS reaeration score and PEEP-induced increase in Pa -LRB- O ₂ -RRB- -LRB- Rho = 0.63 ; P < 0.05 -RRB- . PEEP-induced lung recruitment can be adequately estimated with bedside LUS . Because LUS can not assess PEEP-induced lung hyperinflation , it should not be the sole method for PEEP titration . The aim of this study was to test the accuracy of lung sonography -LRB- LUS -RRB- to diagnose anesthesia-induced atelectasis in children undergoing magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- . Fifteen children with American Society of Anesthesiology 's physical status classification I and aged 1 to 7 yr old were studied . Sevoflurane anesthesia was performed with the patients breathing spontaneously during the study period . After taking the reference lung MRI images , LUS was carried out using a linear probe of 6 to 12 MHz . Atelectasis was documented in MRI and LUS segmenting the chest into 12 similar anatomical regions . Images were analyzed by four blinded radiologists , two for LUS and two for MRI . The level of agreement for the diagnosis of atelectasis among observers was tested using the κ reliability index . Fourteen patients developed atelectasis mainly in the most dependent parts of the lungs . LUS showed 88 % of sensitivity -LRB- 95 % CI , 74 to 96 % -RRB- , 89 % of specificity -LRB- 95 % CI , 83 to 94 % -RRB- , and 88 % of accuracy -LRB- 95 % CI , 83 to 92 % -RRB- for the diagnosis of atelectasis taking MRI as reference . The agreement between the two radiologists for diagnosing atelectasis by MRI was very good -LRB- κ , 0.87 ; 95 % CI , 0.72 to 1 ; P < 0.0001 -RRB- as was the agreement between the two radiologists for detecting atelectasis by LUS -LRB- κ , 0.90 ; 95 % CI , 0.75 to 1 ; P < 0.0001 -RRB- . LUS is an accurate , safe , and simple bedside method for diagnosing anesthesia-induced atelectasis in children . The case series consisted of ten children , ranged in age from one to three years -LRB- median 1.8 yrs -RRB- , and in body weight from 10.2 to 13.5 kg -LRB- median 11.7 kg -RRB- , in ASA class 1 or 2 , all without lung disease . Having undergone general anaesthesia for cranial or abdominal CT scans , the patients were studied for pulmonary morphology . The first pulmonary CT scan was taken five min after induction of general inhalational anaesthesia ; preoxygenation was avoided and an intraoperative FiO2 < / = 0.4 was used . Densities in dependent regions of both lungs were observed in all children . We conclude that the appearance in children of atelectasis can not be explained by a reabsorption of O2 mechanism and by denitrogenation . However , a PEEP of 5 cmH2O is able both to recruit all the available alveolar units , and to induce the disappearance of atelectasis in dependent lung regions . Abnormalities in gas exchange during general anaesthesia are caused partly by atelectasis . Inspiratory pressures of approximately 40 cm H2O are required to fully re-expand healthy but collapsed alveoli . However , without PEEP these re-expanded alveoli tend to collapse again . We hypothesized that an initial increase in pressure would open collapsed alveoli ; if this inspiratory recruitment is combined with sufficient end-expiratory pressure , alveoli will remain open during general anaesthesia . We tested the effect of an ` alveolar recruitment strategy ' on arterial oxygenation and lung mechanics in a prospective , controlled study of 30 ASA II or III patients aged more than 60 yr allocated to one of three groups . Group ZEEP received no PEEP . The second group received an initial control period without PEEP , and then PEEP 5 cm H2O was applied . The third group received an increase in PEEP and tidal volumes until a PEEP of 15 cm H2O and a tidal volume of 18 ml kg-1 or a peak inspiratory pressure of 40 cm H2O was reached . PEEP 5 cm H2O was then maintained . There was a significant increase in median PaO2 values obtained at baseline -LRB- 20.4 kPa -RRB- and those obtained after the recruitment manoeuvre -LRB- 24.4 kPa -RRB- at 40 min . This latter value was also significantly higher than PaO2 measured in the PEEP -LRB- 16.2 kPa -RRB- and ZEEP -LRB- 18.7
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors -LRB- ACE-Is -RRB- are associated with angioedema , a potentially life-threatening adverse reaction . Although multiple studies have been conducted in tertiary care emergency departments -LRB- EDs -RRB- , scarce data are available about the presentation and management of ACE-I-induced angioedema -LRB- AIIA -RRB- in the community hospital ED . To describe the frequency , presentation , and management of AIIA in patients seen in a community hospital ED . A 5-year medical record review of all patients seen with angioedema at a community hospital ED . Data abstraction focused on demographic factors , initial clinical characteristics , and ED management and disposition of patients with AIIA . We identified 166 ED visits for angioedema , including a subset of 50 visits for AIIA -LRB- 30 % ; 95 % confidence interval , 23 % -38 % -RRB- . The AIIA was significantly more likely to be associated with an age of 65 years or older -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- , unilateral symptoms -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- , and absence of urticaria or itching -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . The ED treatment choices and admission rates were similar between patients with and without AIIA . Community hospital admission rates for AIIA -LRB- 14 % -RRB- were significantly lower than those from a comparable tertiary care study -LRB- 41 % -RRB- -LRB- P = .003 -RRB- ; ambulance transport to the ED was nearly 3-fold higher in the tertiary care center study -LRB- P = .006 -RRB- . Admission was most strongly related to lack of improvement -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- and history of angioedema in AIIA -LRB- P = .009 -RRB- . Angioedema frequency , presentation , and management are similar in community and tertiary care EDs -LRB- 30 % -RRB- . Urticaria or itching may help differentiate AIIA from allergic reactions , which are otherwise similar in community ED presentation and management . To describe the occurrence of fatal laryngeal edema in patients with hereditary angioedema due to C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency . We describe 6 patients from various regions of Germany who died from laryngeal edema within the last 10 years . Furthermore , we conducted a retrospective survey of 58 patients with hereditary angioedema , originating from 46 affected families . The data were obtained from the attending physicians and from the patients ' relatives . Among the 6 reported patients , aged 9 to 78 years , hereditary angioedema had been diagnosed in 3 and was undiagnosed in 3 . None of them had an emergency cricothyrotomy or received C1 inhibitor concentrate . The interval between onset of the laryngeal edema and asphyxiation was 20 minutes in a 9-year-old boy , and in the other patients , the interval was 1 to 14 hours -LRB- mean for all , 7 hours -RRB- . The retrospective survey of 58 patients with hereditary angioedema revealed 23 deaths by asphyxiation -LRB- 40 % -RRB- . The average age of all 29 patients at the time of asphyxiation was 39 years . Laryngeal edema in hereditary angioedema may be fatal . Most of the patients asphyxiated between their 20th and 50th years of life , but asphyxiation can occur even in children . The possibility that the first episode of laryngeal edema may be fatal must be emphasized to the relatives , and attending physicians must have a high degree of awareness . Two hundred and twenty-six patients with inherited C1 inhibitor -LRB- C1-INH -RRB- deficiency , also known as hereditary angioedema -LRB- HAE -RRB- , have been studied . They belonged to 80 unrelated families , and in 11 of them C1-INH was functionally deficient but antigenically normal -LRB- type II HAE -RRB- . Genetic analysis of type 1 families demonstrated restriction fragment length polymorphisms in 11 % and abnormal mRNAs in 25 % . In type II families , the site of the mutation appeared to determine the rate of catabolism of the dysfunctional C1-INH and its antigenic plasma levels . Clinical symptoms -LRB- subcutaneous and mucous swellings -RRB- generally first appeared within the second decade of life . The frequency of symptoms was highly variable from patient to patient , but a few patients remained asymptomatic throughout their lives . Prophylactic treatment with attenuated androgens was administered to 59 patients and was totally effective in 57 , without significant side effects . Sixty-seven laryngeal and 15 abdominal attacks were treated with C1-INH plasma concentrate , yielding initial regression of symptoms in 30 to 90 minutes . The acquired deficiency of C1-INH , also known as acquired angioedema , was diagnosed in 9 patients . Eight of them had an autoantibody against C1-INH ; the only patient without the autoantibody had associated chronic lymphocytic leukemia . Prophylactic treatment with attenuated androgens was effective in this last patient , while those with the autoantibody against C1-INH benefited from prophylaxis with antifibrinolytic agents . Replacement therapy with C1-INH concentrate was necessary only for patients with autoantibodies and required doses 3 or 4 times higher than those used in HAE . Cl-inhibitor -LRB- C1-INH -RRB- deficiency leads to recurrent attacks of mucocutaneous edema and may be inherited -LRB- hereditary angioedema -LSB- HAE -RSB- -RRB- or acquired -LRB- acquired angioedema -LSB- AAE -RSB- -RRB- , which have the same clinical picture characterized by angioedema involving the skin , gastrointestinal tract , and larynx . Although cutaneous swelling is evident , abdominal angioedema is still a diagnostic challenge and attacks can mimic surgical emergencies . There is currently no laboratory marker for identifying angioedema attacks . As coagulation and fibrinolysis are activated during angioedema attacks , we assessed if plasma measurements of prothrombin fragment F1 + 2 -LRB- marker of thrombin generation -RRB- and D-dimer -LRB- marker of fibrin degradation -RRB- can be useful for the diagnosis of angioedema because of C1-INH deficiency , especially in case of hidden locations as abdominal attacks . In addition to complement , we measured plasma levels of F1 +
As the main target of sublingual immunotherapy -LRB- SLIT -RRB- is to reduce at most the occurrence of adverse events -LRB- AE -RRB- , safety represents a critical issue . This aspect deserves particular mention when a higher dose of allergen extract than traditional subcutaneous immunotherapy -LRB- SCIT -RRB- is required to be effective : that may be up to 500 times that employed for SCIT . All published controlled studies concerning SLIT-swallow were analysed to evaluate AE rates . Studies were subdivided in two groups : -LRB- i -RRB- studies using low allergen dose -LRB- LAD -RRB- , i.e. ranging from 1 to 50 times the dose commonly administered with SCIT , and -LRB- ii -RRB- studies with high allergen dose -LRB- HAD -RRB- , i.e. ranging from 50 to 500 times the dose administered with SCIT . Twenty-five studies were altogether analysed : 13 studies belonged to the low-dose group , 12 belonged to the high-dose group . We considered all patients with at least one AE . Local reactions were significantly more frequent in the LAD group than in the HAD group -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- , while there was no difference in the rate of systemic reactions . Severe systemic reactions were never reported . This study represents the first analysis of the safety of SLIT concerning the allergen dose employed in the treatment . There is evidence that AE occurrence is substantially not dose-dependent . This fact highlights two main clinical aspects : the elevated tolerability of SLIT in general and the safety of HAD regimen . The purpose of this review is to highlight important articles on upper airway disease and immunotherapy that appeared in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology and elsewhere during 2005 . In recent studies of tissue from patients with chronic hypertrophic eosinophilic sinusitis , increased leukotriene C4 synthase and 5-lipoxygenase activity and increased levels of cysteinyl leukotriene production were demonstrated that correlated with disease severity but not with whether the patient was aspirin sensitive . However , the cysteinyl leukotriene 1 receptor was increased in leukocytes in the sinus tissue only in those patients with aspirin sensitivity . Major basic protein , released by eosinophils into the mucus in the paranasal sinus lumen , was found to reach concentrations capable of damaging the sinus epithelium , predisposing to bacterial infections . Testing the hypothesis that chronic hypertrophic eosinophilic sinusitis represents a reaction to common fungi , a double-blind trial of intranasal instillation of amphotericin B was conducted . The effectiveness of topical nasal corticosteroids for treatment of nasal polyps was confirmed in 2 large studies . Improvement in sleep quality and daytime drowsiness in patients with allergic rhinitis treated with nasal corticosteroids was reported to correlate with reduction in nasal obstruction . The statistical analysis behind studies that reported a decrease in asthma exacerbations with nasal corticosteroids or oral antihistamines has been questioned . It appears that the results of at least one of these studies are indeed too good to be true . Although caution is still indicated in administering immunotherapy to patients receiving beta-adrenergic blocking agents , the prohibition might not be absolute . A study in patients with Hymenoptera sensitivity given venom immunotherapy revealed no increase in serious adverse reactions to venom injections and no greater incidence of reactions to insect stings in those taking beta-blocking agents . Sublingual immunotherapy for 8 to 12 weeks in patients with hazelnut sensitivity significantly increased their tolerance to hazelnut in double-blind , placebo-controlled challenges while inducing increased IgG4 and IL-10 levels , indicating induction of regulatory T cells . There were a number of articles in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology in 2005 that addressed the entity of chronic hypertrophic eosinophilic sinusitis . In addition , an update of the `` Practice parameters on sinusitis '' was published . The major focus in allergen immunotherapy continues to be sublingual administration . Allergic rhinitis is a common condition which , at its most severe , can significantly impair quality of life despite optimal treatment with antihistamines and topical nasal corticosteroids . Allergen injection immunotherapy significantly reduces symptoms and medication requirements in allergic rhinitis but its use is limited by the possibility of severe systemic reactions . There has therefore been considerable interest in alternative routes for delivery of allergen immunotherapy , particularly the sublingual route . The objective was to evaluate the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy -LRB- SLIT -RRB- , compared with placebo , for reductions in symptoms and medication requirements . The Cochrane Controlled Clinical Trials Register , MEDLINE -LRB- 1966-2002 -RRB- , EMBASE -LRB- 1974-2002 -RRB- and Scisearch were searched , up to September 2002 , using the terms -LRB- Rhin * OR hay fever -RRB- AND -LRB- immunotherap * OR desensiti * ation -RRB- AND -LRB- sublingual -RRB- . All studies identified by the searches were assessed by the reviewers to identify Randomized Controlled Trials involving participants with symptoms of allergic rhinitis and proven allergen sensitivity , treated with SLIT or corresponding placebo . Data from identified studies was abstracted onto a standard extraction sheet and subsequently entered into RevMan 4.1 . Analysis was performed by the method of standardized mean differences -LRB- SMD -RRB- using a random effects model . P-values < 0.05 were considered statistically significant . Subgroup analyses were performed according to the type of allergen administered , the age of participants and the duration of treatment . Twenty-two trials involving 979 patients , were included . There were six trials of SLIT for house dust mite allergy , five for grass pollen , five for parietaria , two for olive and one each for , ragweed , cat , tree and cupressus . Five studies enrolled exclusively children . Seventeen studies administered the allergen by sublingual drops subsequently swallowed , three by drops subsequently spat out and two by sublingual tablets . Eight studies involved treatment for less than 6 months , 10 studies for 6-12 months and four
Endoscopic ultrasound -LRB- EUS -RRB- elastography represents a new imaging procedure that might characterize the differences of hardness and strain between diseased tissue and normal tissue . The aim of this study was to assess the efficiency of EUS elastography for the differentiation of focal masses in chronic pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer . The study group comprised 258 patients with focal pancreatic masses included prospectively at 13 participating centers . Qualitative analysis of the diagnoses made by two expert doctors using all recorded video clips was performed in order to test the interobserver variability . A post-processing software analysis was used to examine the EUS elastography videos by calculating average-hue histograms of individual elastography images . The quantitative information was used to calculate intra-observer variability and the accuracy of the method . Qualitative analysis of the recorded videos revealed a kappa value of 0.72 . Intra-observer variability analysis revealed that the single measure intraclass correlation ranged between 0.86 and 0.94 . The average-hue histogram analysis of the data indicated a sensitivity of 93.4 % , a specificity of 66.0 % , a positive predictive value of 92.5 % , a negative predictive value of 68.9 % , and an overall accuracy of 85.4 % , based on a cut-off value of 175 . Area under the receiver operating characteristic curve -LRB- AUROC -RRB- was 0.854 -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- with a confidence interval of 0.804 - 0.894 . The value of quantitative analysis of EUS elastography recordings was proven by good reproducibility of the videos , as well as good parameters of the AUROC analysis . -LRB- Clinical Trials.gov identifier : CT00909103 -RRB- . Real-time elastography -LRB- RTE -RRB- is an ultrasound-based method for the visualization of relative strain distribution in soft tissues . Strain ratio is a semi-quantitative measurement of strain differences between two user-defined areas in an elastogram . The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of the size and location of a reference area when measuring the strain ratio of focal lesions in a tissue-mimicking phantom and in normal liver tissue . We also investigated whether the strain ratio was affected by changing the scanner parameter : elasticity dynamic range -LRB- E-dyn -RRB- . Two investigators individually collected data by scanning 4 spherical inclusions with different elasticity in a phantom in which the elastic modulus was known in both the lesions and the background . Subsequently , a liver scan was performed in-vivo using the same scanning protocol . Five different setups with changes in reference area position or size were tested . All eight levels of the scanner setting Edyn were recorded for each setup and the strain ratio was measured in 3 different representative elastograms for each recording situation . Changing the position of the reference area to a deeper position influenced the strain ratio measurements significantly for all phantom lesions and in the liver . Changing the size of the reference area , while keeping the center depth unchanged , did not influence the mean strain ratio levels significantly . The strain ratio was independent of the E-dyn parameter setting . The intraand interobserver reliability was high when measuring the strain ratio with a free-hand technique . Strain ratio provides reproducible measurements of inclusions representing different elastic contrasts using a free-hand technique in vitro . Changes in the distance of the reference areas to the ultrasound probe , representing the stress source , seem to have a significant impact on strain ratio measurements . By using strain assessment , real-time endoscopic ultrasound -LRB- EUS -RRB- elastography provides additional information about a lesion 's characteristics in the pancreas . We assessed the accuracy of real-time EUS elastography in focal pancreatic lesions using computer-aided diagnosis by artificial neural network analysis . We performed a prospective , blinded , multicentric study at of 258 patients -LRB- 774 recordings from EUS elastography -RRB- who were diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis -LRB- n = 47 -RRB- or pancreatic adenocarcinoma -LRB- n = 211 -RRB- from 13 tertiary academic medical centers in Europe -LRB- the European EUS Elastography Multicentric Study Group -RRB- . We used postprocessing software analysis to compute individual frames of elastography movies recorded by retrieving hue histogram data from a dynamic sequence of EUS elastography into a numeric matrix . The data then were analyzed in an extended neural network analysis , to automatically differentiate benign from malignant patterns . These results were obtained using the 10-fold cross-validation technique . The statistical analysis of the classification process showed a sensitivity of 87.59 % , a specificity of 82.94 % , a positive predictive value of 96.25 % , and a negative predictive value of 57.22 % . Moreover , the corresponding area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was 0.94 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.91 % -0.97 % -RRB- , which was significantly higher than the values obtained by simple mean hue histogram analysis , for which the area under the receiver operating characteristic was 0.85 . Use of the artificial intelligence methodology via artificial neural networks supports the medical decision process , providing fast and accurate diagnoses .
Therapists in diverse practice settings were successfully trained and certified to perform standardized vision therapy in strict adherence with protocol . Subjects completed 85 % of required weekly in-office vision therapy visits . Eligibility criteria based on age , visual acuity , and stereoacuity , designed to identify children able to complete a standardized vision therapy program and judged likely to benefit from this treatment , led to a high proportion of screened subjects being judged ineligible , resulting in insufficient recruitment . There were difficulties in retrieving adherence data for the computerized home therapy procedures . This study demonstrated that a 16-week treatment trial of vision therapy was feasible with respect to maintaining protocol adherence ; however , recruitment under the proposed eligibility criteria , necessitated by the standardized approach to vision therapy , was not successful . A randomized clinical trial of in-office vision therapy for the treatment of amblyopia would require broadening of the eligibility criteria and improved methods to gather objective data regarding the home therapy . A more flexible approach that customizes vision therapy based on subject age , visual acuity , and stereopsis might be required to allow enrollment of a broader group of subjects .
To solve this problem , we aimed to set up an easy-to-use human in vivo model to study ischemic or pharmacological preconditioning . Healthy male volunteers performed unilateral ischemic handgrip . At reperfusion , we intravenously injected technetium-99m-labeled Annexin A5 , a presumed marker of ischemic injury , and we imaged both forearms and hands simultaneously with a gamma camera . Region of interest analysis -LRB- counts per pixel -RRB- and subsequent calculation of the percentage difference in radioactivity between experimental and control hands -LRB- thenar muscle ; mean + / - SE -RRB- revealed significant uptake to the ischemically exercised tissue -LRB- 26 + / -3 % at 4 hours after reperfusion ; P < 0.05 -RRB- . This selective localization of Annexin A5 was reduced by ischemic preconditioning -LRB- 10 minutes of ischemia plus reperfusion before ischemic exercise -RRB- or by infusion of adenosine into the brachial artery to 6 + / -1 % and 10 + / -3 % , respectively -LRB- P < 0.05 versus ischemic exercise alone -RRB- , resembling observations in animal models with infarct size as an end point . Appropriate control experiments supported our conclusion . Annexin A5 scintigraphy can be applied to test pharmacological or physiological interventions for their ability to prevent ischemia-reperfusion injury .
The Gambling Attitudes and Beliefs Survey -LRB- GABS -RRB- is a questionnaire which explores gambling-related dysfunctional beliefs in an unidimensional way . The present research aims to investigate the dimensionality of the scale . 343 undergraduate student gamblers and 75 pathological gamblers seeking treatment completed the GABS and the south oaks gambling screen . Exploratory and confirmatory factor analyses revealed that the original one-factor structure of the GABS did not fit the data effectively . We then proposed a shorter version of the GABS -LRB- GABS-23 -RRB- with a new five-factor structure , which fitted with the data more efficiently . The comparisons between students -LRB- problem vs. non-problem gamblers -RRB- and pathological gamblers seeking treatment indicated that the GABS-23 can discriminate between problem and non-problem gamblers as efficiently as the original GABS . To ensure the validity and the stability of the new structure of the GABS-23 , analyses were replicated in an independent sample that consisted of 628 gamblers -LRB- 256 non problem gamblers , 169 problem gamblers who are not treatment-seeking and 203 problem gamblers seeking treatment -RRB- . Analyses showed satisfactory results , and the multidimensional structure of the GABS-23 was then confirmed . The GABS-23 seems to be a valid and useful assessment tool for screening gambling-related beliefs , emotions and attitudes among problem and non-problem gamblers . The five-factor model of the GABS-23 is discussed based on the theory of locus of control . The aim of this study was to measure the score for 4 impulsivity-related traits -LRB- Urgency , -LRB- lack of -RRB- Premeditation , -LRB- lack of -RRB- Perseverance and Sensation seeking -RRB- in a sample group of at-risk and pathological gamblers , and to highlight any links with certain elements of clinical data . The UPPS Impulsive Behaviour Scale was administered to 84 problem gamblers seeking treatment . The severity of gambling disorders was evaluated using the diagnostic criteria of the DSM-IV . Psychiatric and addictive comorbidities were also explored . The results indicated that the score for the Urgency facet had a positive correlation with the severity of gambling disorders . It appeared that participants displayed different clinical profiles according to the level and type of impulsivity . Several of the UPPS scales were identified as risk factors for mood disorders , risk of suicide , alcohol use disorders , and Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder -LRB- ADHD -RRB- . The results confirm both the complexity of the multi-dimensional concept of impulsivity and the reason why the UPPS is of interest for a more in-depth study of the subject .
The advantages of binaural hearing are well established and universally accepted . However , a tendency remains to withhold the benefits of binaural hearing to adults and children with one normal ear . The purpose of this study is to demonstrate the benefit of the bone-anchored hearing aid -LRB- BAHA -RRB- in a group of patients with unilateral conductive or mixed hearing loss . This is a prospective study of nine patients -LRB- five males and four female patients -RRB- with conductive or mixed hearing loss who met the criteria for BAHA except for having normal hearing in the other ear . They had congenital aural atresia or mastoidectomies secondary to chronic ear infections with or without cholesteatoma or had a temporal bone tumor excised Patients had evaluations before and after implantation , including audiological testing and responses to a standardized hearing handicap questionnaire . Statistical analyses of the data were made using the Wilcoxon signed rank test and the paired Student t test for repeated measures . All patients had tonal and spondee threshold improvement with BAHA when compared with thresholds before treatment . Speech recognition performance in BAHA-aided conditions was comparable to the patient 's best score in unaided condition . Patients reported a significant improvement in their hearing handicap scores with the BAHA . The use of BAHA has significantly improved the hearing handicap scores in patients with unilateral conductive or mixed hearing loss . The proven safety and efficacy of the device promote its use in unilateral cases that traditionally had been left unaided . The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness of Bone Anchored Cochlear Stimulator -LRB- BAHA -RRB- in transcranial routing of signal by implanting the deaf ear . Study design and settings Eighteen patients with unilateral deafness were included in a multisite study . They had a 1-month pre-implantation trial with a contralateral routing of signal -LRB- CROS -RRB- hearing aid . Their performance with BAHA was compared with the CROS device using speech reception thresholds , speech recognition performance in noise , and the Abbreviated Profile Hearing Benefit and Single Sided Deafness questionnaires . Patients reported a significant improvement in speech intelligibility in noise and greater benefit from BAHA compared with CROS hearing aids . Patients were satisfied with the device and its impact on their quality of life . No major complications were reported . Conclusion and significance BAHA is effective in unilateral deafness . Auditory stimuli from the deaf side can be transmitted to the good ear , avoiding the limitations inherent in CROS amplification . The sensitivity of nine subjects to bone-conducted sound was measured at three positions : osseointegrated percutaneous titanium implants in the temporal bone , the skin-covered mastoid and the teeth . Voltage levels supplied to a bone-anchored hearing aid -LRB- BAHA -RRB- transducer and to an Oticon bone-transducer were measured and the thresholds obtained at the three positions were compared . Using the mechanical impedance of the teeth , the parameters of a first order model for the vibration transmission through the teeth was calculated . Also , the equivalent force thresholds were calculated from the voltage threshold levels . The sensitivity to bone-conducted sound , for both voltage and force thresholds , conformed fairly well at the three positions for frequencies below 1 kHz ; however , above 1 kHz , bone-conducted sound applied at the titanium implant becomes more sensitive than at the two other positions investigated . It was concluded that the teeth can be used for the application of bone-conducted sound , in particular for pre-operative assessment of a BAHA and to facilitate service and quality control of such a hearing device . To determine the long-term safety and benefit of a new intraoral bone conduction device -LRB- SoundBite Hearing System by Sonitus Medical -RRB- for single-sided deafness -LRB- SSD -RRB- . A multi-center , controlled , nonrandomized , prospective unblinded study of SSD patients wearing the device over a 6-month period . Ambulatory care centers typical of those where SSD patients are diagnosed and treated . Adults -LRB- N = 22 -RRB- with acquired , permanent SSD and no current use of any other SSD device . Continual daily wear of the new device for 6 months . Comprehensive medical , audiologic , and dental measures ; aided thresholds ; Abbreviated Profile of Hearing Aid Benefit scores , and an SSD questionnaire . There were no related adverse events or changes in the medical or audiologic findings at the end of the trial compared with the beginning . There were no significant changes in the mean aided thresholds -LRB- p > 0.01 -RRB- or the mean dental measures -LRB- p > 0.05 -RRB- at 3 or 6 months compared with pretrial measures . The results of the SSD questionnaire indicated that the vast majority -LRB- > 90 % -RRB- of the subjects reported satisfaction and improvement in a variety of areas after wearing the device long term . The SoundBite system is safe and continues to provide substantial benefit for SSD patients with continual daily use over a 6-month period . The auditory deficits of Single Sided Deafness -LRB- SSD -RRB- can be treated effectively with a novel device , SoundBite , that delivers sound by applying imperceptible vibratory signals to the teeth -LRB- hereafter referred to as an intra-oral hearing device -RRB- . The intra-oral hearing device is placed around two maxillary teeth and is similar to a small partial denture or retainer . The goal of this study was to report how this removable hearing device affects the oral structures . Twenty-two SSD patients wearing an intra-oral hearing device were enrolled in a prospective study for six months . Differences -LRB- delta -RRB- between the device-anchoring teeth and the equivalent contralateral non-device teeth were evaluated with four dental parameters using a paired t-test . Hearing thresholds were evaluated as a function of alveolar bone support using linear regression . There was no association between the
Since the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome -LRB- SARS -RRB- 18 years ago , a large number of SARS-related coronaviruses -LRB- SARSr-CoVs -RRB- have been discovered in their natural reservoir host , bats <sup> 1-4 </sup> . Previous studies have shown that some bat SARSr-CoVs have the potential to infect humans <sup> 5-7 </sup> . Here we report the identification and characterization of a new coronavirus -LRB- 2019-nCoV -RRB- , which caused an epidemic of acute respiratory syndrome in humans in Wuhan , China . The epidemic , which started on 12 December 2019 , had caused 2,794 laboratory-confirmed infections including 80 deaths by 26 January 2020 . Full-length genome sequences were obtained from five patients at an early stage of the outbreak . The sequences are almost identical and share 79.6 % sequence identity to SARS-CoV . Furthermore , we show that 2019-nCoV is 96 % identical at the whole-genome level to a bat coronavirus . Pairwise protein sequence analysis of seven conserved non-structural proteins domains show that this virus belongs to the species of SARSr-CoV . In addition , 2019-nCoV virus isolated from the bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of a critically ill patient could be neutralized by sera from several patients . Notably , we confirmed that 2019-nCoV uses the same cell entry receptor-angiotensin converting enzyme II -LRB- ACE2 -RRB- - as SARS-CoV . Since December , 2019 , Wuhan , China , has experienced an outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 -LRB- COVID-19 -RRB- , caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 -LRB- SARS-CoV-2 -RRB- . Epidemiological and clinical characteristics of patients with COVID-19 have been reported but risk factors for mortality and a detailed clinical course of illness , including viral shedding , have not been well described . In this retrospective , multicentre cohort study , we included all adult inpatients -LRB- ≥ 18 years old -RRB- with laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 from Jinyintan Hospital and Wuhan Pulmonary Hospital -LRB- Wuhan , China -RRB- who had been discharged or had died by Jan 31 , 2020 . Demographic , clinical , treatment , and laboratory data , including serial samples for viral RNA detection , were extracted from electronic medical records and compared between survivors and non-survivors . We used univariable and multivariable logistic regression methods to explore the risk factors associated with in-hospital death . 191 patients -LRB- 135 from Jinyintan Hospital and 56 from Wuhan Pulmonary Hospital -RRB- were included in this study , of whom 137 were discharged and 54 died in hospital . 91 -LRB- 48 % -RRB- patients had a comorbidity , with hypertension being the most common -LRB- 58 -LSB- 30 % -RSB- patients -RRB- , followed by diabetes -LRB- 36 -LSB- 19 % -RSB- patients -RRB- and coronary heart disease -LRB- 15 -LSB- 8 % -RSB- patients -RRB- . Multivariable regression showed increasing odds of in-hospital death associated with older age -LRB- odds ratio 1 · 10 , 95 % CI 1 · 03-1 · 17 , per year increase ; p = 0 · 0043 -RRB- , higher Sequential Organ Failure Assessment -LRB- SOFA -RRB- score -LRB- 5 · 65 , 2 · 61-12 · 23 ; p < 0 · 0001 -RRB- , and d-dimer greater than 1 μg/mL -LRB- 18 · 42 , 2 · 64-128 · 55 ; p = 0 · 0033 -RRB- on admission . The potential risk factors of older age , high SOFA score , and d-dimer greater than 1 μg/mL could help clinicians to identify patients with poor prognosis at an early stage . Prolonged viral shedding provides the rationale for a strategy of isolation of infected patients and optimal antiviral interventions in the future . Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences Innovation Fund for Medical Sciences ; National Science Grant for Distinguished Young Scholars ; National Key Research and Development Program of China ; The Beijing Science and Technology Project ; and Major Projects of National Science and Technology on New Drug Creation and Development .
Non-celiac wheat sensitivity -LRB- WS -RRB- is considered a new clinical entity . An increasing percentage of the general population avoids gluten ingestion . However , the real existence of this condition is debated and specific markers are lacking . Our aim was thus to demonstrate the existence of WS and define its clinical , serologic , and histological markers . We reviewed the clinical charts of all subjects with an irritable bowel syndrome -LRB- IBS -RRB- - like presentation who had been diagnosed with WS using a double-blind placebo-controlled -LRB- DBPC -RRB- challenge in the years 2001-2011 . One hundred celiac disease -LRB- CD -RRB- patients and fifty IBS patients served as controls . Two hundred and seventy-six patients with WS , as diagnosed by DBPC challenge , were included . Two groups showing distinct clinical characteristics were identified : WS alone -LRB- group 1 -RRB- and WS associated with multiple food hypersensitivity -LRB- group 2 -RRB- . As a whole group , the WS patients showed a higher frequency of anemia , weight loss , self-reported wheat intolerance , coexistent atopy , and food allergy in infancy than the IBS controls . There was also a higher frequency of positive serum assays for IgG/IgA anti-gliadin and cytometric basophil activation in `` in vitro '' assay . The main histology characteristic of WS patients was eosinophil infiltration of the duodenal and colon mucosa . Patients with WS alone were characterized by clinical features very similar to those found in CD patients . Patients with multiple food sensitivity were characterized by clinical features similar to those found in allergic patients . Our data confirm the existence of non-celiac WS as a distinct clinical condition . We also suggest the existence of two distinct populations of subjects with WS : one with characteristics more similar to CD and the other with characteristics pointing to food allergy . A significant percentage of the general population report problems caused by wheat and/or gluten ingestion , even though they do not have celiac disease -LRB- CD -RRB- or wheat allergy -LRB- WA -RRB- , because they test negative both for CD-specific serology and histopathology and for immunoglobulin E -LRB- IgE -RRB- - mediated assays . Most patients report both gastrointestinal and nongastrointestinal symptoms , and all report improvement of symptoms on a gluten-free diet . This clinical condition has been named non-celiac gluten sensitivity -LRB- NCGS -RRB- . We attempt to define the current pathogenic , clinical , and diagnostic criteria of this `` new '' disease , to provide a practical view that might be useful to evaluate , diagnose , and manage NCGS patients . We reviewed the international literature through PubMed and Medline , using the search terms `` wheat -LRB- hyper -RRB- sensitivity , '' `` wheat allergy , '' `` wheat intolerance , '' `` gluten -LRB- hyper -RRB- sensitivity , '' and `` gluten intolerance , '' and we discuss current knowledge about NCGS . It has been demonstrated that patients suffering from NCGS are a heterogeneous group , composed of several subgroups , each characterized by different pathogenesis , clinical history , and , probably , clinical course . NCGS diagnosis can be reached only by excluding CD and WA . Recent evidence shows that a personal history of food allergy in infancy , coexistent atopy , positive for immunoglobulin G -LRB- IgG -RRB- antigliadin antibodies and flow cytometric basophil activation test , with wheat and duodenal and/or ileum-colon intraepithelial and lamina propria eosinophil counts , could be useful to identify NCGS patients . Future research should aim to identify reliable biomarkers for NCGS diagnosis and to better define the different NCGS subgroups . Key teaching points : • Most patients report both gastrointestinal and nongastrointestinal symptoms , and all agree that there is an improvement of symptoms on a gluten-free diet . • NCGS diagnosis can be reached only by excluding celiac disease and wheat allergy . • Patients suffering from NCGS are a heterogeneous group , composed of several subgroups , each characterized by different pathogenesis , clinical history , and , probably , clinical course . • A personal history of food allergy in infancy , coexistent atopy , positive IgG antigliadin antibodies -LRB- AGA -RRB- and flow cytometric basophil activation test , with wheat and duodenal and/or ileum-colon intraepithelial and lamina propria eosinophil counts , could be useful to identify NCGS patients . • Future research should aim to identify reliable biomarkers for NCGS diagnosis and to better define the different NCGS subgroup . Non-celiac gluten sensitivity -LRB- NCGS -RRB- or ` wheat sensitivity ' -LRB- NCWS -RRB- is included in the spectrum of gluten-related disorders . No data are available on the prevalence of low bone mass density -LRB- BMD -RRB- in NCWS . Our study aims to evaluate the prevalence of low BMD in NCWS patients and search for correlations with other clinical characteristics . This prospective observation study included 75 NCWS patients -LRB- 63 women ; median age 36 years -RRB- with irritable bowel syndrome -LRB- IBS -RRB- - like symptoms , 65 IBS and 50 celiac controls . Patients were recruited at two Internal Medicine Departments . Elimination diet and double-blind placebo controlled -LRB- DBPC -RRB- wheat challenge proved the NCWS diagnosis . All subjects underwent BMD assessment by Dual Energy X-Ray Absorptiometry -LRB- DXA -RRB- , duodenal histology , HLA DQ typing , body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- evaluation and assessment for daily calcium intake . DBPC cow 's milk proteins challenge showed that 30 of the 75 NCWS patients suffered from multiple food sensitivity . Osteopenia and osteoporosis frequency increased from IBS to NCWS and to celiac disease -LRB- CD -RRB- -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- . Thirty-five NCWS patients -LRB- 46.6 % -RRB- showed osteopenia or osteoporosis . Low BMD was related to low BMI and multiple food sensitivity . Values of daily dietary calcium intake in NCWS patients were significantly lower than in IBS
This review discusses factors affecting outcomes during ureteroscopy -LRB- URS -RRB- with laser lithotripsy -LRB- LL -RRB- , explores specific clinical challenges to the efficacy of URS LL , and reviews the available literature comparing the dusting and basketing approaches to URS LL . Data show high stone-free rates with URS LL in all locations of the urinary tract and with all stone types and sizes . Recent data comparing LL with dusting versus basketing suggest higher rates of residual fragments with dusting but less utilization of ureteral access sheaths and potentially shorter operative times . Differences in postoperative complications , re-intervention rates , and other outcome parameters are not yet clear . Interpretation of published data is problematic due to variability in laser settings , follow-up intervals , and definitions for what constitutes stone-free status . URS has overtaken shock wave lithotripsy in the last decade as the most commonly utilized surgical approach for treating urolithiasis . Two primary strategies have emerged as the most common techniques for performing LL : dusting and basketing . There is a relative paucity of data examining the difference in these techniques as it pertains to peri-operative outcomes and overall success . We attempt to synthesize this data into evidence-based and experience-based recommendations . Clinically insignificant residual fragments -LRB- CIRFs -RRB- are small fragments -LRB- less than 5 mm -RRB- that are present in upper urinary tract at the time of regular post-SWL followup . The term is controversial because they may remain silent and asymptomatic or become a risk factor for stone growth and recurrence , leading to symptomatic events , and need further urologic treatment . Although a stone-free state is the desired outcome of surgical treatment of urolithiasis , the authors believe that the presence of noninfected , nonobstructive , asymptomatic residual fragments can be managed metabolically in order to prevent stone growth and recurrence . Further urologic intervention is warranted if clinical indications for stone removal are present . The aim of the study was to compare the clinical outcome and the cost-effectiveness between retrograde intra renal surgery -LRB- RIRS -RRB- and mini-percutaneous nephrolithotripsy -LRB- mPCNL -RRB- for the management of single renal stone of 2-3 cm in Chinese medical setting . From May 2005 to February 2011 , 115 patients with solitary renal calculi were treated either by RIRS or mPCNL . 56 patients were in RIRS group while 59 were in mPCNL group . Patients ' demographics between the two groups , in terms of gender , age , BMI , history of ESWL as well as stone side , stone location and stone size were comparable . Peri-operative course , clinical outcome , complication rates and medical cost were compared . The effective quotient -LRB- EQ -RRB- of two groups was calculated . Data were analyzed using Fisher 's exact test , Chi-square test and Student 's t test . EQ for RIRS and mPCNL were 0.52 and 0.90 . The initial stone-free rate -LRB- SFR -RRB- of RIRS group and mPCNL group was 71.4 and 96.6 % , respectively -LRB- P = 0.000 -RRB- . The mean procedure number was 1.18 in RIRS group and 1.03 in mPCNL group , respectively -LRB- P = 0.035 -RRB- . The operative time for RIRS was longer -LRB- P = 0.000 -RRB- while the mean hospital stay was shorter -LRB- P = 0.000 -RRB- . However , counting the retreatment cost in the two groups , the total medical expenditure including the overall hospitalization cost , overall laboratory and radiology test cost and post-operative out-patient department -LRB- OPD -RRB- visit cost was similar between two groups . In conclusion , with similar total medical cost , mPCNL achieved faster stone clearance and lower retreatment rate without major complications , which implied higher cost-effectiveness for the treatment of single renal stone of 2-3 cm in Chinese medical setting . RIRS is also a safe and reliable choice for patients having contraindications or preference against mPCNL . The American Urological Association convened the Ureteral Stones Clinical Guidelines Panel to analyze the literature regarding available methods for treating ureteral calculi and to make practice policy recommendations based on the treatment outcomes data . The panel searched the MEDLINE data base for all articles related to ureteral calculi published from 1966 to January 1996 . Outcomes data were extracted from articles accepted after panel review . The data were then meta-analyzed to produce outcome estimates for alternative treatments of ureteral calculi . The data indicate that up to 98 % of stones less than 0.5 cm . in diameter , especially in the distal ureter , will pass spontaneously . Shock wave lithotripsy is recommended as first line treatment for most patients with stones 1 cm . or less in the proximal ureter . Shock wave lithotripsy and ureteroscopy are acceptable treatment choices for stones 1 cm . or less in the distal ureter . Most ureteral stones will pass spontaneously . Those that do not can be removed by either shock wave lithotripsy or ureteroscopy . Traditional blind basket extraction , without fluoroscopic control and guide wires , is not recommended . Open surgery is appropriate as a salvage procedure or in certain unusual circumstances . We evaluated the cost-effectiveness of anti-retropulsion devices used during ureteroscopic lithotripsy . A decision analysis model was constructed to compare the cost-effectiveness of ureteroscopic lithotripsy with vs without an anti-retropulsion device . The risk of stone retropulsion was determined from published data in the English language literature . Expected value calculations were used to determine whether the additional cost of a device would be cost-effective to prevent secondary procedures used to treat retropulsed stones . Device cost was determined using the average cost of all commercially available devices . It became cost-effective to use an anti-retropulsion device at or above a 6.3 % retropulsion rate . The weighted probability of retropulsion with vs without an anti-retropulsion device was 98.1 % vs 83.7 % . The
In this study , the authors both developed and validated a self-report mindfulness measure , the Toronto Mindfulness Scale -LRB- TMS -RRB- . In Study 1 , participants were individuals with and without meditation experience . Results showed good internal consistency and two factors , Curiosity and Decentering . Most of the expected relationships with other constructs were as expected . The TMS scores increased with increasing mindfulness meditation experience . In Study 2 , criterion and incremental validity of the TMS were investigated on a group of individuals participating in 8-week mindfulness-based stress reduction programs . Results showed that TMS scores increased following treatment , and Decentering scores predicted improvements in clinical outcome . Thus , the TMS is a promising measure of the mindfulness state with good psychometric properties and predictive of treatment outcome . This neural circuitry of appetitive/approach and defensive/avoidance was laid down early in our evolutionary history in primitive cortex , sub-cortex , and mid-brain , to mediate behaviors basic to the survival of individuals and the propagation of genes to coming generations . Thus , events associated with appetitive rewards , or that threaten danger or pain , engage attention and prompt information gathering more so than other input . Motive cues also occasion metabolic arousal , anticipatory responses , and mobilize the organism to prepare for action . Findings are presented from research with animals , elucidating these psychophysiological -LRB- e.g. , cardiovascular , neuro-humoral -RRB- and behavioral -LRB- e.g. , startle potentiation , `` freezing '' -RRB- patterns in emotion , and defining their mediating brain circuits . Parallel results are described from experiments with humans , showing similar activation patterns in brain and body in response to emotion cues , co-varying with participants ' reports of affective valence and increasing emotional arousal . Pain is an enormous problem globally . Estimates suggest that 20 % of adults suffer from pain globally and 10 % are newly diagnosed with chronic pain each year . Nevertheless , the problem of pain has primarily been regarded as a medical problem , and has been little addressed by the field of public health . Despite the ubiquity of pain , whether acute , chronic or intermittent , public health scholars and practitioners have not addressed this issue as a public health problem . The importance of viewing pain through a public health lens allows one to understand pain as a multifaceted , interdisciplinary problem for which many of the causes are the social determinants of health . Addressing pain as a global public health issue will also aid in priority setting and formulating public health policy to address this problem , which , like most other chronic non-communicable diseases , is growing both in absolute numbers and in its inequitable distribution across the globe . The prevalence , incidence , and vast social and health consequences of global pain requires that the public health community give due attention to this issue . Doing so will mean that health care providers and public health professionals will have a more comprehensive understanding of pain and the appropriate public health and social policy responses to this problem . Pain is a universal symptom of various pathologies and largely affects human well-being . Pain is therefore commonly observed by general practitioners -LRB- GPs -RRB- and its management is a useful indicator of quality . In our study we investigated the epidemiology and management of pain in Italian general practice . Participating GPs were asked to record the first out of every two contacts with pain during two working weeks between November 2000 and February 2001 . They entered information on type of pain , pain-related diagnosis , certainty of diagnosis and types of prescription . 89 GPs participated in the study . About one third of all reported contacts were with pain . The number of contacts analysed was 1432 . Nearly half the cases were diagnosed as acute . The main complaints were of musculoskeletal and abdominal origin . Pain was 1.5 times more frequent in women than men and the female to male ratios for acute and chronic pain were 1.2:1 and 1.8:1 respectively . The most frequent site of pain was the limbs . ` Arthropathies and related disorders ' , ` dorsopathies ' and ` rheumatism excluding the back ' were the commonest groups of diagnoses . Approximately two thirds of contacts with pain led to a drug prescription . The study identified a high proportion of contacts with pain in Italian general practice , with widespread use of drugs . The distribution of chronic and acute pain was rather similar and musculoskeletal pain was the most frequent form . Most types of prescriptions were closely related to certainty of diagnosis . This study aims to demonstrate the prevalence of pain as a reason for seeing a physician in primary care . We also performed an analysis of the localization , duration and frequency of pains , as well as the diagnoses of patients having pain . A total of 28 physicians at 25 health centers in Finland collected the data , comprising 5646 patient visits . Pain was identified as the reason for 2237 -LRB- 40 % -RRB- of the visits . The most common localizations were in the lower back , abdomen and head . One-fifth of the pain patients had experienced pain for over six months . Analysis of the diagnoses revealed half of the pains to be musculoskeletal . Patients experienced considerable limitations in various activities of life due to pain . A quarter of the pain patients of active working age received sick leave . Our results confirm that pain is a major primary health care problem , which has an enormous impact on public health . The European Pain in Cancer survey sought to increase understanding of cancer-related pain and treatment across Europe . Patients with all stages of cancer participated in a two-phase telephone survey conducted in 11
In the period 2004-2008 we recruited 2320 LBW children in Bissau . The children were visited at home at 2 , 6 , and 12 months of age . With a pretrial infant mortality of 250 per 1000 , we hypothesized a 25 % reduction in infant mortality for LBW children . Infant mortality was only 101 per 1000 during the trial . In the primary analysis , infant mortality was reduced insignificantly by 17 % -LRB- mortality rate ratio -LSB- MRR -RSB- = .83 -LSB- .63-1.08 -RSB- -RRB- . In secondary analyses , early BCG vaccine was safe with an MRR of .49 -LRB- .21-1.15 -RRB- after 3 days and .55 -LRB- .34-.89 -RRB- after 4 weeks . The reduction in neonatal mortality was mainly due to fewer cases of neonatal sepsis , respiratory infection , and fever . The impact of early BCG on infant mortality was marked for children weighing < 1.5 kg -LRB- MRR = .43 -LSB- .21-.85 -RSB- -RRB- who had lower coverage for diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis vaccinations . Though early BCG did not reduce infant mortality significantly , it may have a beneficial effect in the neonatal period . This could be important for public health because BCG is often delayed in low-income countries . A total of 105 low-birth-weight children presenting for first vaccination were randomized to receive bacillus Calmette-Guérin -LRB- BCG -RRB- immediately or later -LRB- current practice -RRB- . The mortality rate ratio for BCG was 0.17 -LRB- 95 % CI = 0.02-1.35 -RRB- within 3 days of enrollment , 0.28 -LRB- 0.06-1.37 -RRB- in the first month , and 0.27 -LRB- 0.07-0.98 -RRB- after 2 months of age . The mortality rate ratio was 0.41 -LRB- 0.14-1.18 -RRB- -LRB- P = 0.098 -RRB- in infancy . Administration of BCG vaccine at first contact may contribute to lower mortality . BCG vaccination is recommended at birth in low-income countries , but vaccination is often delayed . Often 20-dose vials of BCG are not opened unless at least ten children are present for vaccination -LRB- `` restricted vial-opening policy '' -RRB- . BCG coverage is usually reported as 12-month coverage , not disclosing the delay in vaccination . Several studies show that BCG at birth lowers neonatal mortality . We assessed BCG coverage at different ages and explored reasons for delay in BCG vaccination in rural Guinea-Bissau . Bandim Health Project -LRB- BHP -RRB- runs a health and demographic surveillance system covering women and their children in 182 randomly selected village clusters in rural Guinea-Bissau . BCG coverage was assessed for children born in 2010 , when the restricted vial-opening policy was universally implemented , and in 2012-2013 , where BHP provided BCG to all children at monthly visits in selected intervention regions . Factors associated with delayed BCG vaccination were evaluated using logistic regression models . Coverage between intervention and control regions were evaluated in log-binomial regression models providing prevalence ratios . Among 3951 children born in 2010 , vaccination status was assessed for 84 % . BCG coverage by 1 week of age was 11 % , 38 % by 1 month , and 92 % by 12 months . If BCG had been given at first contact with the health system , 1-week coverage would have been 35 % and 1-month coverage 54 % . Several factors , including socioeconomic factors , were associated with delayed BCG vaccination in the 2010-birth cohort . When BCG was available at monthly visits these factors were no longer associated with delayed BCG vaccination , only region of residence was associated with delayed BCG vaccination . BCG coverage during the first months of life is low in Guinea-Bissau . Providing BCG at monthly vaccination visits removes the risk factors associated with delayed BCG vaccination .
Preservation of nutritional status and of fat-free mass -LRB- FFM -RRB- and/or preventing of fat mass -LRB- FM -RRB- accumulation have a positive impact on well-being and prognosis in asthma patients . Physical inactivity is identified by World Health Organization as the fourth leading risk factor for global mortality . Physical activity -LRB- PA -RRB- may contribute to limit FM accumulation , but little information is available on the interactions between habitual PA and body composition and their association with disease severity in asthma severity.Associations between habitual PA , FM , FFM , and pulmonary function were investigated in 42 subjects -LRB- 24 patients with mild-moderate asthma and 18 matched control subjects -RRB- . Sensewear Armband was used to measure PA and metabolic equivalent of tasks -LRB- METs -RRB- continuously over 4 days , while body composition was measured by bioelectrical impedance analysis . Respiratory functions were also assessed in all study participants.FM and FFM were comparable in mild-moderate asthmatics and controls , but PA was lower in asthmatics and it was negatively correlated with FM and positively with the FFM marker body cell mass in all study subjects -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . Among asthmatics , treated moderate asthmatics -LRB- ICS , n = 12 -RRB- had higher FM and lower PA , METs , steps number/die , and forced expiratory volume in the 1st second -LRB- FEV1 -RRB- / forced vital capacity -LRB- FVC -RRB- than in untreated intermittent asthmatics -LRB- UA , n = 12 -RRB- . This pilot study assesses that in mild-moderate asthma patients , lower PA is associated with higher FM and higher disease severity . The current results support enhancement of habitual PA as a potential tool to limit FM accumulation and potentially contribute to preserve pulmonary function in moderate asthma , considering the physical inactivity a strong risk factor for asthma worsening . Asthma is a pathological condition comprising of a variety of symptoms which affect the ability to function in daily life . Due to the high prevalence of asthma and associated healthcare costs , it is important to identify low-cost alternatives to traditional pharmacotherapy . One of these low cost alternatives is the use of inspiratory muscle training -LRB- IMT -RRB- , which is a technique aimed at increasing the strength and endurance of the diaphragm and accessory muscles of respiration . IMT typically consists of taking voluntary inspirations against a resistive load across the entire range of vital capacity while at rest . In healthy individuals , the most notable benefits of IMT are an increase in diaphragm thickness and strength , a decrease in exertional dyspnea , and a decrease in the oxygen cost of breathing . Due to the presence of expiratory flow limitation in asthma and exercise-induced bronchoconstriction , dynamic lung hyperinflation is common . Therefore , the ability of these muscles to generate tension is reduced , and for any given level of ventilation , the work of breathing is increased as compared to non-asthmatics . Evidence that IMT is an effective treatment for asthma is inconclusive , due to limited data and a wide variation in study methodologies . However , IMT has been shown to decrease dyspnea , increase inspiratory muscle strength , and improve exercise capacity in asthmatic individuals . In order to develop more concrete recommendations regarding IMT as an effective low-cost adjunct in addition to traditional asthma treatments , we recommend that a standard treatment protocol be developed and tested in a placebo-controlled clinical trial with a large representative sample . The adequate control of asthma includes the absence of nocturnal symptoms , minimal use of medication , normal or nearly normal lung function and no limitations to physical activity . The choice of a more sedentary lifestyle can lead to physical de-conditioning , thereby aggravating asthma symptoms and increasing the risk of obesity . This study aimed at performing a battery of function-related assessments in patients with asthma and comparing them to a healthy control group . A prospective , transversal and case-control study was designed . It was set up at Santa Casa de Misericórdia Hospital - Sao Paulo and Nove de Julho University on a population of outpatients . Subjects of the study were patients affected by moderate to severe asthma . A case-control study was carried out involving 20 patients with moderate to severe asthma and 15 healthy individuals -LRB- control group -RRB- . All participants underwent body composition analysis -LRB- BMI and BIA -RRB- and a controlled walk test -LRB- Shuttle test -RRB- , resistance muscle test -LRB- 1RM -RRB- and answered a physical activity questionnaire -LRB- IPAQ -RRB- . The group with asthma also answered a questionnaire addressing the clinical control of the illness -LRB- ACQ -RRB- . A strong correlation was found between the distance completed and peripheral muscle strength -LRB- r : 0.57 , p < 0.05 -RRB- and METs -LRB- Metabolic equivalents - minutes/week -RRB- and peripheral muscle strength of 1RM -LRB- r : 0.61 , p = 0.009 -RRB- . The individuals with asthma had lower functional capacity and levels of physical activity as well as a higher percentage of body fat compared to healthy individuals . This suggests that such patients have a reduced physical performance stemming from a sedentary lifestyle . The most distinctive functional abnormality in asthma is increased airway resistance -LRB- Raw -RRB- , especially in those airways located peripherically -LRB- < 2 mm diameter -RRB- . Smooth muscle contraction , mucous hypersecretion and swelling of the airway wall due to inflammation and/or remodeling are major factors originating airway lumen diminution . However , two other factors also favoring airway closure in asthma are surfactant alterations produced by the inflammatory process and decrement of transpulmonary pressure -LRB- PL -RRB- , also known as elastic recoil pressure . In normal conditions , at the end of a passive expiration there is equilibrium between the lung tendency to collapse and of the chest wall tendency to expansion
Excess caloric intake can lead to insulin resistance . The underlying reasons are complex but likely related to ectopic lipid deposition in nonadipose tissue . We hypothesized that the inability to appropriately expand subcutaneous adipose tissue may be an underlying reason for insulin resistance and beta cell failure . Mice lacking leptin while overexpressing adiponectin showed normalized glucose and insulin levels and dramatically improved glucose as well as positively affected serum triglyceride levels . Therefore , modestly increasing the levels of circulating full-length adiponectin completely rescued the diabetic phenotype in ob/ob mice . They displayed increased expression of PPARgamma target genes and a reduction in macrophage infiltration in adipose tissue and systemic inflammation . As a result , the transgenic mice were morbidly obese , with significantly higher levels of adipose tissue than their ob/ob littermates , leading to an interesting dichotomy of increased fat mass associated with improvement in insulin sensitivity . Based on these data , we propose that adiponectin acts as a peripheral `` starvation '' signal promoting the storage of triglycerides preferentially in adipose tissue . As a consequence , reduced triglyceride levels in the liver and muscle convey improved systemic insulin sensitivity . These mice therefore represent what we believe is a novel model of morbid obesity associated with an improved metabolic profile . Body fat distribution is an important predictor of the metabolic consequences of obesity , but the cellular mechanisms regulating regional fat accumulation are unknown . We assessed the changes in adipocyte size -LRB- photomicrographs -RRB- and number in response to overfeeding in upper - and lower-body s.c. fat depots of 28 healthy , normal weight adults -LRB- 15 men -RRB- age 29 ± 2 y . We analyzed how these changes relate to regional fat gain -LRB- dual energy X-ray absorptiometry and computed tomography -RRB- and baseline preadipocyte proliferation , differentiation -LSB- peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ2 -LRB- PPARγ2 -RRB- and CCAAT/enhancer binding protein-α -LRB- C/EBPα -RRB- mRNA -RSB- -RRB- , and apoptotic response to TNF-α . However , lower-body fat responded to overfeeding by fat-cell hyperplasia , with adipocyte number increasing by 2.6 ± 0.9 × 10 -LRB- 9 -RRB- cells -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- . We found no depot-differences in preadipocyte replication or apoptosis that would explain lower-body adipocyte hyperplasia and abdominal s.c. adipocyte hypertrophy . However , baseline PPARγ2 and C/EBPα mRNA were higher in abdominal than femoral s.c. preadipocytes -LRB- P < 0.005 and P < 0.03 , respectively -RRB- , consistent with the ability of abdominal s.c. adipocytes to achieve a larger size .
Intravenous thrombolysis with alteplase is the only approved treatment for acute ischemic stroke , but its efficacy and safety when administered more than 3 hours after the onset of symptoms have not been established . We tested the efficacy and safety of alteplase administered between 3 and 4.5 hours after the onset of a stroke . After exclusion of patients with a brain hemorrhage or major infarction , as detected on a computed tomographic scan , we randomly assigned patients with acute ischemic stroke in a 1:1 double-blind fashion to receive treatment with intravenous alteplase -LRB- 0.9 mg per kilogram of body weight -RRB- or placebo . The primary end point was disability at 90 days , dichotomized as a favorable outcome -LRB- a score of 0 or 1 on the modified Rankin scale , which has a range of 0 to 6 , with 0 indicating no symptoms at all and 6 indicating death -RRB- or an unfavorable outcome -LRB- a score of 2 to 6 on the modified Rankin scale -RRB- . The secondary end point was a global outcome analysis of four neurologic and disability scores combined . Safety end points included death , symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage , and other serious adverse events . We enrolled a total of 821 patients in the study and randomly assigned 418 to the alteplase group and 403 to the placebo group . The median time for the administration of alteplase was 3 hours 59 minutes . More patients had a favorable outcome with alteplase than with placebo -LRB- 52.4 % vs. 45.2 % ; odds ratio , 1.34 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 1.02 to 1.76 ; P = 0.04 -RRB- . In the global analysis , the outcome was also improved with alteplase as compared with placebo -LRB- odds ratio , 1.28 ; 95 % CI , 1.00 to 1.65 ; P < 0.05 -RRB- . The incidence of intracranial hemorrhage was higher with alteplase than with placebo -LRB- for any intracranial hemorrhage , 27.0 % vs. 17.6 % ; P = 0.001 ; for symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage , 2.4 % vs. 0.2 % ; P = 0.008 -RRB- . Mortality did not differ significantly between the alteplase and placebo groups -LRB- 7.7 % and 8.4 % , respectively ; P = 0.68 -RRB- . There was no significant difference in the rate of other serious adverse events . As compared with placebo , intravenous alteplase administered between 3 and 4.5 hours after the onset of symptoms significantly improved clinical outcomes in patients with acute ischemic stroke ; alteplase was more frequently associated with symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage . -LRB- ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00153036 . -RRB- Among patients with a proximal vessel occlusion in the anterior circulation , 60 to 80 % of patients die within 90 days after stroke onset or do not regain functional independence despite alteplase treatment . We evaluated rapid endovascular treatment in addition to standard care in patients with acute ischemic stroke with a small infarct core , a proximal intracranial arterial occlusion , and moderate-to-good collateral circulation . We randomly assigned participants to receive standard care -LRB- control group -RRB- or standard care plus endovascular treatment with the use of available thrombectomy devices -LRB- intervention group -RRB- . Patients with a proximal intracranial occlusion in the anterior circulation were included up to 12 hours after symptom onset . Patients with a large infarct core or poor collateral circulation on computed tomography -LRB- CT -RRB- and CT angiography were excluded . Workflow times were measured against predetermined targets . The primary outcome was the score on the modified Rankin scale -LRB- range , 0 -LSB- no symptoms -RSB- to 6 -LSB- death -RSB- -RRB- at 90 days . A proportional odds model was used to calculate the common odds ratio as a measure of the likelihood that the intervention would lead to lower scores on the modified Rankin scale than would control care -LRB- shift analysis -RRB- . The trial was stopped early because of efficacy . At 22 centers worldwide , 316 participants were enrolled , of whom 238 received intravenous alteplase -LRB- 120 in the intervention group and 118 in the control group -RRB- . In the intervention group , the median time from study CT of the head to first reperfusion was 84 minutes . The rate of functional independence -LRB- 90-day modified Rankin score of 0 to 2 -RRB- was increased with the intervention -LRB- 53.0 % , vs. 29.3 % in the control group ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . The primary outcome favored the intervention -LRB- common odds ratio , 2.6 ; 95 % confidence interval , 1.7 to 3.8 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- , and the intervention was associated with reduced mortality -LRB- 10.4 % , vs. 19.0 % in the control group ; P = 0.04 -RRB- . Symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage occurred in 3.6 % of participants in intervention group and 2.7 % of participants in control group -LRB- P = 0.75 -RRB- . Among patients with acute ischemic stroke with a proximal vessel occlusion , a small infarct core , and moderate-to-good collateral circulation , rapid endovascular treatment improved functional outcomes and reduced mortality . -LRB- Funded by Covidien and others ; ESCAPE ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT01778335 . -RRB- . Randomized clinical trials suggest the benefit of intravenous tissue-type plasminogen activator -LRB- tPA -RRB- in acute ischemic stroke is time dependent . However , modest sample sizes have limited characterization of the extent to which onset to treatment -LRB- OTT -RRB- time influences outcome ; and the generalizability of findings to clinical practice is uncertain . To evaluate the degree to which OTT time is associated with outcome among patients with acute ischemic stroke treated with intraveneous tPA . Data were analyzed from 58,353 patients with acute ischemic stroke treated with tPA within 4.5 hours of symptom onset in 1395 hospitals participating in the Get With The Guidelines-Stroke Program , April
Perioperative care for cardiac surgery is undergoing rapid evolution . Many of the changes involve the application of novel technologies to tackle common challenges in optimizing perioperative management . Herein , we illustrate recent advances in perioperative management by focusing on a number of novel components that we judge to be particularly important . These include : the introduction of brain and somatic oximetry ; transesophageal echocardiographic hemodynamic monitoring and bedside focused ultrasound ; ultrasound-guided vascular access ; point-of-care coagulation surveillance ; right ventricular pressure monitoring ; novel inhaled treatment for right ventricular failure ; new approaches for postoperative pain management ; novel approaches in specialized care procedures to ensure quality control ; and specific approaches to optimize the management for postoperative cardiac arrest . Herein , we discuss the reasons that each of these components are particularly important in improving perioperative care , describe how they can be addressed , and their impact in the care of patients who undergo cardiac surgery . Intravenous fluids are widely administered to patients who have , or are at risk of , acute kidney injury -LRB- AKI -RRB- . However , deleterious consequences of overzealous fluid therapy are increasingly being recognized . Salt and water overload can predispose to organ dysfunction , impaired wound healing and nosocomial infection , particularly in patients with AKI , in whom fluid challenges are frequent and excretion is impaired . In this Review article , we discuss how interstitial edema can further delay renal recovery and why conservative fluid strategies are now being advocated . Applying these strategies in critical illness is challenging . Although volume resuscitation is needed to restore cardiac output , it often leads to tissue edema , thereby contributing to ongoing organ dysfunction . Conservative strategies of fluid management mandate a switch towards neutral balance and then negative balance once hemodynamic stabilization is achieved . However , hypovolemia and renal hypoperfusion can occur in patients with AKI if excessive fluid removal is pursued with diuretics or extracorporeal therapy . Thus , accurate assessment of fluid status and careful definition of targets are needed at all stages to improve clinical outcomes . A conservative strategy of fluid management was recently tested and found to be effective in a large , randomized , controlled trial in patients with acute lung injury . Similar randomized , controlled studies in patients with AKI now seem justified . Doppler ultrasonography -LRB- US -RRB- is usually the first-line modality for evaluating flow in native liver vessels and transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunts -LRB- TIPS -RRB- . Waveforms , which represent flow in each of the major vessels and in TIPS , have been well described . The appearance of these waveforms should be recognized , and the mechanisms behind their generation should be understood by those interpreting these examinations . Understanding how waveforms are formed -- that is , their mechanisms for generation -- is predicated on knowing basic vascular Doppler concepts and established nomenclature . This article is a review of these basic concepts and nomenclature as applied to the interpretation of liver Doppler US waveforms . Heart diseases can alter liver volume , morphology , and circulation . The Doppler pulsatility of the portal vein and its pulsatility ratio -LRB- PR -RRB- have been reported as being closely associated with the right atrial pressure and with the New York Heart Association -LRB- NYHA -RRB- class . We examined the relationships between measurements of liver and spleen dimensions and blood flow in portal and hepatic veins , assessed noninvasively by Doppler sonography , and compared them with echocardiographic data . The study group comprised 87 inpatients with heart failure . The mean age was 64 + / -12 years . Patients underwent duplex Doppler sonography of the heart and portal and hepatic veins . Patients with more severe left ventricular failure -LRB- NYHA class III-IV -RRB- showed more dilatation of the left ventricle and atrium , reduced systolic function , and reduced portal vein mean velocity compared with patients with milder heart failure -LRB- NYHA class I-II -RRB- ; in addition , the hepatic vein diameter was increased and portal vein PR was reduced . Considering all patients , significant positive correlations were found between portal vein PR and left ventricular shortening fraction -LRB- r = 0.34 , p < 0.01 -RRB- and ejection fraction -LRB- r = 0.38 , p < 0.001 -RRB- . Significant negative correlations were found between PR and hepatic vein diameter -LRB- r = -0.44 , p < 0.001 -RRB- , right ventricle diameter -LRB- r = -0.38 , p < 0.001 -RRB- , left ventricular end-diastolic volume -LRB- r = -0.31 , p < 0.01 -RRB- , and left atrium diameter -LRB- r = -0.33 , p < 0.01 -RRB- . Patients with hepatic vein dilatation had increased left ventricular volumes , reduced systolic function indices , and portal vein alterations -LRB- increased diameter , reduced mean velocity , and reduced PR -RRB- . The effects of cardiac failure on portal blood flow , which declines progressively with worsening cardiac function , is shown better by the pulsatility pattern of the portal vein than by morphologic caval and hepatic vein measurements . PR can be used as a reliable adjunctive sign of heart failure . Near-infrared spectroscopy is used during cardiac surgery to monitor the adequacy of cerebral perfusion . In this systematic review , we evaluated available data for adult patients to determine -LRB- 1 -RRB- whether decrements in cerebral oximetry during cardiac surgery are associated with stroke , postoperative cognitive dysfunction -LRB- POCD -RRB- , or delirium ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- whether interventions aimed at correcting cerebral oximetry decrements improve neurologic outcomes . We searched PubMed , Cochrane , and Embase databases from inception until January 31 , 2012 , without restriction on languages . Each article was examined for additional references . A publication was excluded if it did not include original data -LRB- e.g. , review ,
Routine haemodialysis is performed with systemic anticoagulation , usually with heparin , to prevent thrombosis in the extracorporeal blood circuit . However , systemic anticoagulation can produce haemorrhagic complications in patients at high risk of bleeding . To minimize the risk of bleeding , a number of alternative regimens have been proposed : regional heparinization with protamine reversal ; minimal heparinization ; no heparin with saline flushes ; regional anticoagulation with citrate ; or prostacyclin anticoagulation . Although the incidence of bleeding complications has been reduced , each of these methods has its own limitations and complications . Among the types of membrane used in dialysers , cellulose membranes have been made more biocompatible by attaching N,N-diethyl-aminoehtyl -LRB- DEAE -RRB- groups to cellulose backbone . Positively charged DEAE groups on Hemophan enable negative charged heparin to be bound with the membrane . Haemodialysis using heparin-bound Hemophan has been reported to be a possible modality for patients at risk of bleeding . We designed more simplified heparin binding technique and have performed haemodialysis using heparin-bound Hemophan in patients at risk of bleeding during the past 7 years . In this review , current strategies to minimize bleeding complications and our experience of haemodialysis using heparin-bound Hemophan will be discussed . The AN69 ST haemodialysis membrane , a new membrane resulting from coating polyethyleneimine upon the polyacrylonitrile surface , binds heparin . In patients at risk of bleeding , a pilot study has demonstrated the efficient anticoagulant effect of this heparin-coated membrane . Study design . In chronic haemodialyzed patients , we evaluated whether this anticoagulant effect can be validated in a controlled , prospective , open study . Pragmatically , we tested the hypothesis of no difference of the massive clotting rate in two groups of patients haemodialyzed either with 50 % reduced standard doses of nonfractionated heparin using the heparin-coated AN69 ST or with a full dose of heparin -LRB- 100 % -RRB- using another type of dialysis membrane that does not bind heparin . Secondary objectives included evaluation of partial clotting , changes in haemoglobin levels , erythropoietin consumption and dialyzer performances . One hundred and eighty-four patients were elected and 170 finally included in an 18-month follow-up study . They were allocated to one of the two arms of the study . In the heparin-reduced group -LRB- n = 85 , mean age : 73 + / - 11 years -RRB- , 12 472 sessions were performed after priming the AN69 ST dialyzer with 2 L of heparinized saline -LRB- 5000 IU/L heparin -RRB- and using 50 % reduced doses of previously administered heparin . In the control group with standard heparin -LRB- n = 85 , mean age : 74 + / - 13 years -RRB- , 14 154 sessions were analysed -LRB- NS -RRB- , and mean heparin doses were 2718 + / - 1388 and 4800 + / - 1564 IU per session , respectively -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . In the heparin-reduced group , massive clotting occurred in 1.4 per 1000 sessions , whereas it occurred in 1.6 per 1000 sessions in the standard heparin group -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . Mild to moderate partial clotting in the venous drip chamber and in the dialyzer was evaluated in a subset of patients , on a visual scale . The global mean death rate was 16.8 % per year and did not differ significantly between groups . The use of the heparin-coated AN69 ST membrane allows a 50 % reduction of standard doses of nonfractionated heparin administration for routine haemo - dialysis without increasing the risk of massive clotting of the extracorporeal circuit . This result needs confirmation since massive clotting questions clinical practice and is team dependent . Anticoagulation in hemodialysis -LRB- HD -RRB- patients with high risk of bleeding is still an intractable problem . A total of 80 HD sessions with high risk of bleeding were completed with either heparin-free -LRB- HF -RRB- or low dose of argatroban saline flushes -LRB- LASF -RRB- anticoagulation . Clinical clot formation in the pipeline and dialyzer was inspected to evaluate the local anticoagulation efficiency ; prothrombin time -LRB- PT -RRB- , activated partial thromboplastin time -LRB- aPTT -RRB- , and D-dimer were tested to investigate the influence on the whole body coagulation system ; urea reduction ratio -LRB- URR -RRB- and Kt/V were used to evaluate the efficiency of dialysis . Comparing with HF , LASF showed a satisfactory efficiency in reducing the clot formation and the URR and Kt/V of it were also higher . Low dose of argatroban saline flushes is a feasible and safe alternative anticoagulation protocol in HD patients with high risk of bleeding .
US Navy Seabees have been among the most symptomatic Gulf War veterans . Beginning in May 1997 , the authors mailed Gulf War-era Seabees a health survey in serial mailings . As of July 1 , 1999 , 68.6 % of 17,559 Seabees contacted had returned the questionnaire . Compared with other Seabees , Gulf War Seabees reported poorer general health , a higher prevalence of all 33 medical problems assessed , more cognition difficulties , and a higher prevalence of four physician-diagnosed multisymptom conditions : chronic fatigue syndrome , posttraumatic stress disorder , multiple chemical sensitivity , and irritable bowel syndrome . Because the four multisymptom conditions were highly associated with one another , the authors aggregated them into a working case definition of Gulf War illness . Among the 3,831 -LRB- 22 % cases -RRB- Gulf War Seabee participants , multivariable modeling revealed that female , Reserve , and enlisted personnel and participants belonging to either of two particular Seabee units were most likely to meet the case definition . While these data do not implicate a specific etiologic exposure , they demonstrate a strong association and a high prevalence of self-reported multisymptom conditions in a large group of symptomatic Gulf War veterans . Chronic Fatigue Syndrome -LRB- CFS -RRB- , Persian Gulf War Illness -LRB- PGI -RRB- , and fibromyalgia are overlapping symptom complexes without objective markers or known pathophysiology . Neurological dysfunction is common . We assessed cerebrospinal fluid to find proteins that were differentially expressed in this CFS-spectrum of illnesses compared to control subjects . Cerebrospinal fluid specimens from 10 CFS , 10 PGI , and 10 control subjects -LRB- 50 mul/subject -RRB- were pooled into one sample per group -LRB- cohort 1 -RRB- . Cohort 2 of 12 control and 9 CFS subjects had their fluids -LRB- 200 mul/subject -RRB- assessed individually . After trypsin digestion , peptides were analyzed by capillary chromatography , quadrupole-time-of-flight mass spectrometry , peptide sequencing , bioinformatic protein identification , and statistical analysis . Pooled CFS and PGI samples shared 20 proteins that were not detectable in the pooled control sample -LRB- cohort 1 CFS-related proteome -RRB- . Multilogistic regression analysis -LRB- GLM -RRB- of cohort 2 detected 10 proteins that were shared by CFS individuals and the cohort 1 CFS-related proteome , but were not detected in control samples . Detection of > or = 1 of a select set of 5 CFS-related proteins predicted CFS status with 80 % concordance -LRB- logistic model -RRB- . The proteins were alpha-1-macroglobulin , amyloid precursor-like protein 1 , keratin 16 , orosomucoid 2 and pigment epithelium-derived factor . Overall , 62 of 115 proteins were newly described . This pilot study detected an identical set of central nervous system , innate immune and amyloidogenic proteins in cerebrospinal fluids from two independent cohorts of subjects with overlapping CFS , PGI and fibromyalgia . Although syndrome names and definitions were different , the proteome and presumed pathological mechanism -LRB- s -RRB- may be shared . The risk of diabetic nephropathy is partially genetically determined . Diabetic nephropathy is linked to a gene locus on chromosome 18q22.3-q23 . We aimed to identify the causative gene on chromosome 18 and to study the mechanism by which the product of this gene could be involved in the development of diabetic nephropathy . DNA polymorphisms were determined in 135 case -LRB- diabetic nephropathy -RRB- and 107 control -LRB- diabetes without nephropathy -RRB- subjects . The effect of carnosine on the production of extracellular matrix components and transforming growth factor-beta -LRB- TGF-beta -RRB- after exposure to 5 and 25 mmol/l d-glucose was studied in cultured human podocytes and mesangial cells , respectively . A trinucleotide repeat in exon 2 of the CNDP1 gene , coding for a leucine repeat in the leader peptide of the carnosinase-1 precursor , was associated with nephropathy . The shortest allelic form -LRB- CNDP1 Mannheim -RRB- was more common in the absence of nephropathy -LRB- P = 0.0028 , odds ratio 2.56 -LSB- 95 % CI 1.36-4.84 -RSB- -RRB- and was associated with lower serum carnosinase levels . Carnosine inhibited the increased production of fibronectin and collagen type VI in podocytes and the increased production of TGF-beta in mesangial cells induced by 25 mmol/l glucose . Diabetic patients with the CNDP1 Mannheim variant are less susceptible for nephropathy . Carnosine protects against the adverse effects of high glucose levels on renal cells . L-Carnosine , a dipeptide , can enhance frontal lobe function or be neuroprotective . It can also correlate with gamma-aminobutyric acid -LRB- GABA -RRB- - homocarnosine interaction , with possible anticonvulsive effects . We investigated 31 children with autistic spectrum disorders in an 8-week , double-blinded study to determine if 800 mg L-carnosine daily would result in observable changes versus placebo . Outcome measures were the Childhood Autism Rating Scale , the Gilliam Autism Rating Scale , the Expressive and Receptive One-Word Picture Vocabulary tests , and Clinical Global Impressions of Change . Children on placebo did not show statistically significant changes . Improved trends were noted on other outcome measures . Although the mechanism of action of L-carnosine is not well understood , it may enhance neurologic function , perhaps in the enterorhinal or temporal cortex . About 25 % of 1990-1991 Persian Gulf War veterans experience disabling fatigue , widespread pain , and cognitive dysfunction termed Gulf War illness -LRB- GWI -RRB- or Chronic Multisymptom Illness -LRB- CMI -RRB- . A leading theory proposes that wartime exposures initiated prolonged production of reactive oxygen species -LRB- ROS -RRB- and central nervous system injury . The endogenous antioxidant L-carnosine -LRB- B-alanyl-L-histidine -RRB- is a potential treatment since it is a free radical scavenger in nervous tissue . To determine if nutritional supplementation with L-carnosine would significantly improve pain , cognition and fatigue in GWI , a randomized double blind placebo controlled 12 week dose escalation study involving 25 GWI subjects was employed . L-carnosine was given as 500 ,
A shortened 10-item scale for clinical quantitation of the severity of the alcohol withdrawal syndrome has been developed . This scale offers an increase in efficiency while at the same time retaining clinical usefulness , validity and reliability . It can be incorporated into the usual clinical care of patients undergoing alcohol withdrawal and into clinical drug trials of alcohol withdrawal . We examine and refine the Fagerström Tolerance Questionnaire -LRB- FTQ : Fagerström , 1978 -RRB- . The relation between each FTQ item and biochemical measures of heaviness of smoking was examined in 254 smokers . We found that the nicotine rating item and the inhalation item were unrelated to any of our biochemical measures and these two items were primary contributors to psychometric deficiencies in the FTQ . We also found that a revised scoring of time to the first cigarette of the day -LRB- TTF -RRB- and number of cigarettes smoked per day -LRB- CPD -RRB- improved the scale . We present a revision of the FTQ : the Fagerström Test for Nicotine Dependence -LRB- FTND -RRB- . Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin -LRB- CDT -RRB- has been widely investigated as a biological marker of heavy alcohol consumption . In general , it has been found to be at least as sensitive and probably more specific than gamma-glutamyltransferase -LRB- GGT -RRB- . Because the two analytes are not highly correlated , their use in parallel enhances the sensitivity of detection of heavy alcohol consumption , especially in clinical populations . Women as a group produce more CDT under natural conditions and may produce less CDT in response to heavy drinking . Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin has found a place in the monitoring of alcoholics during treatment . Changes in CDT levels from individualized baseline values seem to be more sensitive to lower level relapse drinking than is the use of raw cut-off values . There are some conditions such as severe liver disease in which higher than normal levels of CDT are produced , thereby reducing the specificity of this marker for detecting heavy drinking under certain conditions . How to combine CDT with both verbal tools of alcohol assessment and newer biological markers will also need more extensive evaluation . Background : Insomnia is a prevalent health complaint that is often difficult to evaluate reliably . There is an important need for brief and valid assessment tools to assist practitioners in the clinical evaluation of insomnia complaints.Objective : This paper reports on the clinical validation of the Insomnia Severity Index -LRB- ISI -RRB- as a brief screening measure of insomnia and as an outcome measure in treatment research . The psychometric properties -LRB- internal consistency , concurrent validity , factor structure -RRB- of the ISI were evaluated in two samples of insomnia patients.Methods : The first study examined the internal consistency and concurrent validity of the ISI in 145 patients evaluated for insomnia at a sleep disorders clinic . In the second study , the concurrent validity of the ISI was evaluated in a sample of 78 older patients who participated in a randomized-controlled trial of behavioral and pharmacological therapies for insomnia . Change scores on the ISI over time were compared with those obtained from sleep diaries and polysomnography . Comparisons were also made between ISI scores obtained from patients , significant others , and clinicians.Results : The results of Study 1 showed that the ISI has adequate internal consistency and is a reliable self-report measure to evaluate perceived sleep difficulties . The results from Study 2 also indicated that the ISI is a valid and sensitive measure to detect changes in perceived sleep difficulties with treatment . In addition , there is a close convergence between scores obtained from the ISI patient 's version and those from the clinician 's and significant other 's versions.Conclusions : The present findings indicate that the ISI is a reliable and valid instrument to quantify perceived insomnia severity . The ISI is likely to be a clinically useful tool as a screening device or as an outcome measure in insomnia treatment research . This study introduces the Penn Alcohol Craving Scale -LRB- PACS -RRB- , which has been used in several clinical trials at the University of Pennsylvania 's Treatment Research Center . The PACS is a five-item , self-report measure that includes questions about the frequency , intensity , and duration of craving , the ability to resist drinking , and asks for an overall rating of craving for alcohol for the previous week . Each question is scaled from 0 to 6 . To examine the questionnaire 's psychometric properties , we sampled responses from 147 individuals participating in a 9-month combined natrexone -LRB- 100 mg/day -RRB- / psychotherapy trial . The psychotherapy consisted of weekly sessions of nurse-administered medication compliance and supportive treatment . The PACS proved to have excellent internal consistency . Predictive validity was demonstrated via a logistic regression analysis of craving during the 2nd week of the study on alcohol relapse during weeks 3-12 of the trial . Construct validity of the PACS was demonstrated via its convergence with two commonly used measures for assessing craving , the Obsessive Compulsive Drinking Scale and the Alcohol Urge Questionnaire . Lack of correlation between PACS scores and several other noncraving , self-report measures indicates that the PACS also had good discriminant validity . Additional analyses revealed that there were significant differences in craving scores during the initial 3 weeks of the trial among those who did and those who did not relapse during weeks 3-12 . The PACS is a reliable and valid measure of alcohol craving and can predict which individuals are at risk for subsequent relapse . Using data from The Collaborative Study on the Genetics of Alcoholism , we compare direct interview diagnoses of alcohol dependence to those obtained by history from family members . Using a requirement of three or more positive implications by history , the specificity , sensitivity , and positive predictive values
All adult patients with solid tumours who died in our hospital in 2003 and received chemotherapy for advanced cancer , were included . Detailed data concerning chemotherapy and toxicity , in the last three months of life , were collected from patients ' clinical charts . Median age was 61 years . Median time from diagnosis of metastatic disease to death was 11 months . The proportion of patients who received chemotherapy in the last three months of life was 66 % -LRB- n = 211 -RRB- , in the last month 37 % and in the last two weeks 21 % . Among patients who received chemotherapy in the last three months of life , 50 % started a new chemotherapy regimen in this period and 14 % in the last month . There was an increased probability of receiving chemotherapy in the last three months of life in younger patients and in patients with breast , ovarian and pancreatic carcinomas . There was a large proportion of patients who received chemotherapy in the last three months of life , including initiation of a new regimen within the last 30 days . Thus , further study is needed to evaluate if such aggressive attitude results in better palliation of symptoms at the end of life . To identify factors associated with hospitalization of elderly hospice patients with cancer and to describe their hospital experiences . Retrospective analysis of the last year of life . Surveillance , Epidemiology , and End Results -LRB- SEER -RRB- - Medicare linked database . Medicare beneficiaries dying of lung or colorectal cancer between 1988 and 1998 who enrolled in hospice . Hospitalization after hospice entry . For hospitalized patients , we describe admission diagnoses , aggressiveness of care , and in-hospital death . Of the 23608 patients , 1423 -LRB- 6.0 % -RRB- were hospitalized after hospice enrollment . Hospitalization declined over time by 7.0 % per year of hospice enrollment . Factors associated with higher hospitalization rates were younger age , male gender , black race/ethnicity , local cancer stage at diagnosis , and hospice enrollment within 4 months of cancer diagnosis . The most common reasons for hospital admission were lung cancer , metastatic disease , bone fracture , pneumonia , and volume depletion . Of the 1423 patients hospitalized , 34.6 % received aggressive care and 35.8 % died in the hospital . The rates of hospitalization for elderly hospice patients with lung or colorectal cancer appear to be declining . However , patients who are hospitalized undergo aggressive care and often die in the hospital rather than at home .
Hidden low grade inflammation underlines various cardio-metabolic diseases . This type of inflammation is triggered by abnormal reaction to unwanted self products or deregulation of cellular response to cytokines . In the case of atherosclerosis hidden inflammation is induced by modified lipoproteins and develops under control of different cytokines including IL-4 and TGFβ . The key innate immune cells reacting on these factors are monocytes and macrophages . It is well established that monocytes represent a heterogeneous cell population that easily reacts to pathologic changes in the organism . The best studied marker which expression on monocytes is changed in inflammatory conditions is CD16 . Although this marker was shown to be associated with various pathologic conditions its specificity is highly questionable . Our analysis of type 2 activation of human monocytes resulted in identification of 3 novel biomarkers for hidden type 2 inflammation . These include stabilin-1 , FOXQ1 and IL17RB . These markers are expressed by monocytes/macrophages under stimulation with IL-4 or its combination with TGFβ - 2 cytokines playing important role in atherogenesis . Stabilin-1 was demonstrated on the monocytes in patients with hyperholisterolemia and in macrophages within atherosclerotic lesions . Association of FoxQ1 and IL17RB with atherosclerosis can be deduced from published data but requires experimental confirmation . Functions of all three proteins suggest that they are not only diagnostic markers , but also involved in atherogenesis and can be used as targets for novel therapeutic approaches . Inflammation is an important pathogenic factor of cardiovascular diseases . Inflammatory processes induce the organism systemic changes that are sensed by the cells of innate immune system . To date various parameters of circulating monocytes were associated with cardiovascular diseases . These comprise monocyte count , increased adhesive properties , alteration of lipid metabolism , phagocytosis and endocytosis of LDL . Search for markers , better suitable for clinical use led to identification of monocyte population heterogeneity . One of the best studied markers for identification of monocyte subpopulation is CD16 . Although there is no consensus regarding the origin and composition of various monocyte subpopulations , association of increased size of CD16 + monocyte population with atherosclerosis is well established . Further surface markers of monocytes found to be associated with cardiovascular diseases are CD18 , CD11b , CXCR1 , CD36 and STAB1 . Functional studies performed on primary human monocytes support the importance of these molecules for the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases . Continuous research on monocyte biology leads to identification of perspective markers that show significant potential of clinical use . These include analysis of monocyte response to a challenge and level of mitochondrial DNA heteroplasmy . Further research involving genomic , proteomic and cell biology techniques supplemented with systems biology approaches for data analysis and computer simulations are required for defining molecular and functional parameters of monocytes to be used as a diagnostic tool or therapeutic target .
The analgesic efficacy of sciatic nerve block -LRB- SNB -RRB- after total knee arthroplasty -LRB- TKA -RRB- is unclear . Proximal and distal SNB are each reported to provide posterior knee analgesia , whereas others suggest that posterior knee pain is not important after TKA . This prospective , randomized , double-blind , parallel-arm , placebo-controlled trial examined whether proximal or distal SNB provides superior analgesia in the posterior knee compared with no SNB after TKA . Sixty patients undergoing TKA were randomized to single-shot SNB using either the infragluteal -LRB- Proximal group -RRB- or popliteal -LRB- Distal group -RRB- technique , or no SNB -LRB- Placebo group -RRB- . All patients received spinal anesthesia and continuous-femoral nerve blockade . A blinded observer assessed posterior and anterior knee pain at 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 12 , and 24 h postoperatively . The primary outcome was moderate-to-severe posterior knee pain at 4 h postoperatively ; secondary outcomes included SNB procedural time , needle passes , and discomfort . Fifty-three patients were analyzed . The proportion of patients -LRB- Proximal : Distal : Placebo -RRB- who experienced moderate-to-severe posterior knee pain was 18 % : 22 % : 89 % -LRB- P < 0.00001 -RRB- at 2 h , 24 % : 28 % : 72 % -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- at 4 h , and 12 % : 17 % : 78 % -LRB- P = 0.00003 -RRB- at 6 h postoperatively . For the anterior knee , the proportion of patients reporting moderate-to-severe pain was 6 % : 11 % : 44 % -LRB- P = 0.02 -RRB- at 2 h , 6 % : 6 % : 39 % -LRB- P = 0.012 -RRB- at 4 h , and 12 % : 6 % : 44 % -LRB- P = 0.017 -RRB- at 6 h postoperatively . Moderate-to-severe pain did not differ between groups beyond 6 h. Both proximal and distal SNB reduced rest pain in the posterior and anterior knee up to 8 h postoperatively compared with no SNB . The popliteal technique required shorter procedural time , fewer needle passes , and produced less discomfort . Proximal and distal SNB each reduce posterior and anterior knee pain after TKA compared with no SNB . Total knee arthroplasty -LRB- TKA -RRB- is associated with moderate-to-severe postoperative pain despite the use of femoral nerve block -LRB- FNB -RRB- . The analgesic benefits of adding sciatic nerve block -LRB- SNB -RRB- to FNB following TKA are unclear . The aim of this meta-analysis was to quantify the analgesic effects of adding SNB to FNB following TKA . We searched the US National Library of Medicine -LRB- MEDLINE -RRB- , Excerpta Medica -LRB- Embase -RRB- , and Cochrane Central Controlled Trials Register databases in March 2015 for randomized and quasi-randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- that evaluated the analgesic advantages of adding SNB to FNB compared to FNB alone after TKA . The designated primary outcome was intravenous morphine consumption during the 24-hr postoperative interval . The severity of pain was evaluated at rest and with movement two , four , eight , 12 , 24 , 36 , and 48 hr postoperatively . Morphine consumption during the postoperative 24-48 hr interval , time to first analgesic request , opioid-related side effects , block-related complications , patient satisfaction , functional recovery , and time to hospital discharge were also evaluated . Trials were stratified based on whether a single-shot SNB -LRB- SSNB -RRB- or continuous SNB -LRB- CSNB -RRB- was used . Data were combined using random effects modelling . Eight RCTs , including 379 patients , were analyzed . Five trials examined SSNB , and three assessed CSNB . Together , SSNB and CSNB reduced the 0-24 hr weighted mean difference -LSB- 95 % confidence interval -RSB- of morphine consumption by 10.6 -LSB- -20.9 to -0.3 -RSB- mg -LRB- P = 0.042 ; I -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 97 % -RRB- and 20.5 -LSB- -28.6 to -12.4 -RSB- mg -LRB- P < 0.001 , I -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 86 % -RRB- , respectively . SSNB reduced pain at rest and during movement up to 8 hr postoperatively -LRB- P = 0.023 and P < 0.001 , respectively -RRB- , whereas CSNB reduced pain at rest up to 36 hr -LRB- P = 0.004 -RRB- and pain with movement up to 48 hr -LRB- P = 0.031 -RRB- . CSNB also decreased the odds of postoperative nausea and vomiting by 91 % -LRB- P = 0.011 -RRB- . The available evidence supporting the analgesic benefits of adding SNB to FNB following TKA is marked by significant heterogeneity . With this challenge in mind , our meta-analysis suggests that SNB can significantly reduce postoperative opioid consumption and diminish knee pain following TKA compared to no SNB in the setting of FNB . Total knee arthroplasty -LRB- TKA -RRB- is associated with severe pain , and effective analgesia is essential for the quality of postoperative care and ambulation . The analgesic effects of adding an obturator nerve block -LRB- ONB -RRB- to a femoral triangle block -LRB- FTB -RRB- after TKA have not been tested previously . We hypothesized that combined ONB and FTB will reduce opioid consumption and pain compared with those of a single FTB or local infiltration analgesia -LRB- LIA -RRB- . Seventy-eight patients were randomized to combined ONB and FTB , single FTB , or LIA after primary unilateral TKA . The primary outcome was morphine consumption during the first 24 postoperative hours . Secondary outcomes included morphine consumption during the first 48 postoperative hours , pain at rest and passive knee flexion , nausea and vomiting , cumulated ambulation score , and Timed Up and Go test . Seventy-five patients were included in the analysis . The total intravenous morphine consumption during the first 24 postoperative hours was 2 mg -LRB- interquartile range -LSB- IQR -RSB- , 0-15 -RRB- in the combined
Since December , 2019 , Wuhan , China , has experienced an outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 -LRB- COVID-19 -RRB- , caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 -LRB- SARS-CoV-2 -RRB- . Epidemiological and clinical characteristics of patients with COVID-19 have been reported but risk factors for mortality and a detailed clinical course of illness , including viral shedding , have not been well described . In this retrospective , multicentre cohort study , we included all adult inpatients -LRB- ≥ 18 years old -RRB- with laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 from Jinyintan Hospital and Wuhan Pulmonary Hospital -LRB- Wuhan , China -RRB- who had been discharged or had died by Jan 31 , 2020 . Demographic , clinical , treatment , and laboratory data , including serial samples for viral RNA detection , were extracted from electronic medical records and compared between survivors and non-survivors . We used univariable and multivariable logistic regression methods to explore the risk factors associated with in-hospital death . 191 patients -LRB- 135 from Jinyintan Hospital and 56 from Wuhan Pulmonary Hospital -RRB- were included in this study , of whom 137 were discharged and 54 died in hospital . 91 -LRB- 48 % -RRB- patients had a comorbidity , with hypertension being the most common -LRB- 58 -LSB- 30 % -RSB- patients -RRB- , followed by diabetes -LRB- 36 -LSB- 19 % -RSB- patients -RRB- and coronary heart disease -LRB- 15 -LSB- 8 % -RSB- patients -RRB- . Multivariable regression showed increasing odds of in-hospital death associated with older age -LRB- odds ratio 1 · 10 , 95 % CI 1 · 03-1 · 17 , per year increase ; p = 0 · 0043 -RRB- , higher Sequential Organ Failure Assessment -LRB- SOFA -RRB- score -LRB- 5 · 65 , 2 · 61-12 · 23 ; p < 0 · 0001 -RRB- , and d-dimer greater than 1 μg/mL -LRB- 18 · 42 , 2 · 64-128 · 55 ; p = 0 · 0033 -RRB- on admission . Median duration of viral shedding was 20 · 0 days -LRB- IQR 17 · 0-24 · 0 -RRB- in survivors , but SARS-CoV-2 was detectable until death in non-survivors . The longest observed duration of viral shedding in survivors was 37 days . The potential risk factors of older age , high SOFA score , and d-dimer greater than 1 μg/mL could help clinicians to identify patients with poor prognosis at an early stage . Prolonged viral shedding provides the rationale for a strategy of isolation of infected patients and optimal antiviral interventions in the future . Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences Innovation Fund for Medical Sciences ; National Science Grant for Distinguished Young Scholars ; National Key Research and Development Program of China ; The Beijing Science and Technology Project ; and Major Projects of National Science and Technology on New Drug Creation and Development . In December 2019 , novel coronavirus -LRB- 2019-nCoV -RRB- - infected pneumonia -LRB- NCIP -RRB- occurred in Wuhan , China . The number of cases has increased rapidly but information on the clinical characteristics of affected patients is limited . To describe the epidemiological and clinical characteristics of NCIP . Retrospective , single-center case series of the 138 consecutive hospitalized patients with confirmed NCIP at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan , China , from January 1 to January 28 , 2020 ; final date of follow-up was February 3 , 2020 . Documented NCIP . Epidemiological , demographic , clinical , laboratory , radiological , and treatment data were collected and analyzed . Outcomes of critically ill patients and noncritically ill patients were compared . Of 138 hospitalized patients with NCIP , the median age was 56 years -LRB- interquartile range , 42-68 ; range , 22-92 years -RRB- and 75 -LRB- 54.3 % -RRB- were men . Hospital-associated transmission was suspected as the presumed mechanism of infection for affected health professionals -LRB- 40 -LSB- 29 % -RSB- -RRB- and hospitalized patients -LRB- 17 -LSB- 12.3 % -RSB- -RRB- . Common symptoms included fever -LRB- 136 -LSB- 98.6 % -RSB- -RRB- , fatigue -LRB- 96 -LSB- 69.6 % -RSB- -RRB- , and dry cough -LRB- 82 -LSB- 59.4 % -RSB- -RRB- . Lymphopenia -LRB- lymphocyte count , 0.8 × 109/L -LSB- interquartile range -LCB- IQR -RCB- , 0.6-1.1 -RSB- -RRB- occurred in 97 patients -LRB- 70.3 % -RRB- , prolonged prothrombin time -LRB- 13.0 seconds -LSB- IQR , 12.3-13.7 -RSB- -RRB- in 80 patients -LRB- 58 % -RRB- , and elevated lactate dehydrogenase -LRB- 261 U/L -LSB- IQR , 182-403 -RSB- -RRB- in 55 patients -LRB- 39.9 % -RRB- . Chest computed tomographic scans showed bilateral patchy shadows or ground glass opacity in the lungs of all patients . Thirty-six patients -LRB- 26.1 % -RRB- were transferred to the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- because of complications , including acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- 22 -LSB- 61.1 % -RSB- -RRB- , arrhythmia -LRB- 16 -LSB- 44.4 % -RSB- -RRB- , and shock -LRB- 11 -LSB- 30.6 % -RSB- -RRB- . The median time from first symptom to dyspnea was 5.0 days , to hospital admission was 7.0 days , and to ARDS was 8.0 days . Patients treated in the ICU -LRB- n = 36 -RRB- , compared with patients not treated in the ICU -LRB- n = 102 -RRB- , were older -LRB- median age , 66 years vs 51 years -RRB- , were more likely to have underlying comorbidities -LRB- 26 -LSB- 72.2 % -RSB- vs 38 -LSB- 37.3 % -RSB- -RRB- , and were more likely to have dyspnea -LRB- 23 -LSB- 63.9 % -RSB- vs 20 -LSB- 19.6 % -RSB- -RRB- , and anorexia -LRB- 24 -LSB- 66.7 % -RSB- vs 31 -LSB- 30.4 % -RSB- -RRB- . Of the 36 cases in the ICU , 4 -LRB- 11.1 % -RRB- received high-flow oxygen therapy , 15 -LRB- 41.7 % -RRB- received noninvasive ventilation , and 17 -LRB- 47.2 %
Few data document current cardiovascular -LRB- CV -RRB- event rates in stable patients with atherothrombosis in a community setting . Differential event rates for patients with documented coronary artery disease -LRB- CAD -RRB- , cerebrovascular disease -LRB- CVD -RRB- , or peripheral arterial disease -LRB- PAD -RRB- or those at risk of these diseases have not been previously evaluated in a single international cohort . To establish contemporary , international , 1-year CV event rates in outpatients with established arterial disease or with multiple risk factors for atherothrombosis . The Reduction of Atherothrombosis for Continued Health -LRB- REACH -RRB- Registry is an international , prospective cohort of 68 236 patients with either established atherosclerotic arterial disease -LRB- CAD , PAD , CVD ; n = 55 814 -RRB- or at least 3 risk factors for atherothrombosis -LRB- n = 12 422 -RRB- , who were enrolled from 5587 physician practices in 44 countries in 2003-2004 . Rates of CV death , myocardial infarction -LRB- MI -RRB- , and stroke . As of July 2006 , 1-year outcomes were available for 95.22 % -LRB- n = 64 977 -RRB- of participants . Cardiovascular death , MI , or stroke rates were 4.24 % overall : 4.69 % for those with established atherosclerotic arterial disease vs 2.15 % for patients with multiple risk factors only . Among patients with established disease , CV death , MI , or stroke rates were 4.52 % for patients with CAD , 6.47 % for patients with CVD , and 5.35 % for patients with PAD . The incidences of the end point of CV death , MI , or stroke or of hospitalization for atherothrombotic event -LRB- s -RRB- were 15.20 % for CAD , 14.53 % for CVD , and 21.14 % for PAD patients with established disease . These event rates increased with the number of symptomatic arterial disease locations , ranging from 5.31 % for patients with risk factors only to 12.58 % for patients with 1 , 21.14 % for patients with 2 , and 26.27 % for patients with 3 symptomatic arterial disease locations -LRB- P < .001 for trend -RRB- . In this large , contemporary , international study , outpatients with established atherosclerotic arterial disease , or at risk of atherothrombosis , experienced relatively high annual CV event rates . Multiple disease locations increased the 1-year risk of CV events . Clinicians and trialists have difficulty with identifying which patients are highest risk for cardiovascular events . Prior ischemic events , polyvascular disease , and diabetes mellitus have all been identified as predictors of ischemic events , but their comparative contributions to future risk remain unclear . To categorize the risk of cardiovascular events in stable outpatients with various initial manifestations of atherothrombosis using simple clinical descriptors . Outpatients with coronary artery disease , cerebrovascular disease , or peripheral arterial disease or with multiple risk factors for atherothrombosis were enrolled in the global Reduction of Atherothrombosis for Continued Health -LRB- REACH -RRB- Registry and were followed up for as long as 4 years . Patients from 3647 centers in 29 countries were enrolled between 2003 and 2004 and followed up until 2008 . Final database lock was in April 2009 . Rates of cardiovascular death , myocardial infarction , and stroke . A total of 45,227 patients with baseline data were included in this 4-year analysis . During the follow-up period , a total of 5481 patients experienced at least 1 event , including 2315 with cardiovascular death , 1228 with myocardial infarction , 1898 with stroke , and 40 with both a myocardial infarction and stroke on the same day . Among patients with atherothrombosis , those with a prior history of ischemic events at baseline -LRB- n = 21,890 -RRB- had the highest rate of subsequent ischemic events -LRB- 18.3 % ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 17.4 % -19.1 % -RRB- ; patients with stable coronary , cerebrovascular , or peripheral artery disease -LRB- n = 15,264 -RRB- had a lower risk -LRB- 12.2 % ; 95 % CI , 11.4 % -12.9 % -RRB- ; and patients without established atherothrombosis but with risk factors only -LRB- n = 8073 -RRB- had the lowest risk -LRB- 9.1 % ; 95 % CI , 8.3 % -9.9 % -RRB- -LRB- P < .001 for all comparisons -RRB- . In addition , in multivariable modeling , the presence of diabetes -LRB- hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- , 1.44 ; 95 % CI , 1.36-1.53 ; P < .001 -RRB- , an ischemic event in the previous year -LRB- HR , 1.71 ; 95 % CI , 1.57-1.85 ; P < .001 -RRB- , and polyvascular disease -LRB- HR , 1.99 ; 95 % CI , 1.78-2.24 ; P < .001 -RRB- each were associated with a significantly higher risk of the primary end point . Clinical descriptors can assist clinicians in identifying high-risk patients within the broad range of risk for outpatients with atherothrombosis . Atherosclerotic peripheral arterial disease is associated with an increased risk of myocardial infarction , stroke , and death from cardiovascular causes . Antiplatelet drugs reduce this risk , but the role of oral anticoagulant agents in the prevention of cardiovascular complications in patients with peripheral arterial disease is unclear . We assigned patients with peripheral arterial disease to combination therapy with an antiplatelet agent and an oral anticoagulant agent -LRB- target international normalized ratio -LSB- INR -RSB- , 2.0 to 3.0 -RRB- or to antiplatelet therapy alone . The first coprimary outcome was myocardial infarction , stroke , or death from cardiovascular causes ; the second coprimary outcome was myocardial infarction , stroke , severe ischemia of the peripheral or coronary arteries leading to urgent intervention , or death from cardiovascular causes . A total of 2161 patients were randomly assigned to therapy . The mean follow-up time was 35 months . Myocardial infarction , stroke , or death
Anemia was defined by World Health Organization criteria ; causes of anemia included iron , folate , and B -LRB- 12 -RRB- deficiencies , renal insufficiency , anemia of chronic inflammation -LRB- ACI -RRB- , formerly termed anemia of chronic disease , and unexplained anemia -LRB- UA -RRB- . ACI by definition required normal iron stores with low circulating iron -LRB- less than 60 microg/dL -RRB- . After age 50 years , anemia prevalence rates rose rapidly , to a rate greater than 20 % at age 85 and older . Of older persons with anemia , evidence of nutrient deficiency was present in one third , ACI or chronic renal disease or both was present in one third , and UA was present in one third . Most occurrences of anemia were mild ; 2.8 % of women and 1.6 % of men had hemoglobin levels lower than 110 g/L -LRB- 11 g/dL -RRB- . Therefore , anemia is common , albeit not severe , in the older population , and a substantial proportion of anemia is of indeterminate cause . The impact of anemia on quality of life , recovery from illness , and functional abilities must be further investigated in older persons .
Hepatitis B virus -LRB- HBV -RRB- reactivation was reported to be induced by transcatheter arterial chemoembolization -LRB- TACE -RRB- in HBV-related hepatocellular carcinonma -LRB- HCC -RRB- patients with a high incidence . The effective strategy to reduce hepatitis flares due to HBV reactivation in this specific group of patients was limited to lamivudine . This retrospective study was aimed to investigate the efficacy of prophylactic entecavir in HCC patients receiving TACE . A consecutive series of 191 HBV-related HCC patients receiving TACE were analyzed including 44 patients received prophylactic entecavir . Virologic events , defined as an increase in serum HBV DNA level to more than 1 log10 copies/ml higher than nadir the level , and hepatitis flares due to HBV reactivation were the main endpoints . Patients with or without prophylactic were similar in host factors and the majorities of characteristics regarding to tumor factors , HBV status , liver function and LMR . Notably , cycles of TACE were parallel between the groups . Ten -LRB- 22.7 % -RRB- patients receiving prophylactic entecavir reached virologic response . The patients receiving prophylactic entecavir presented significantly reduced virologic events -LRB- 6.8 % vs 54.4 % , p = 0.000 -RRB- and hepatitis flares due to HBV reactivation -LRB- 0.0 % vs 11.6 % , p = 0.039 -RRB- compared with patients without prophylaxis . Female and Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group -LRB- ECOG -RRB- performance status 2 was the only significant predictors for virological events in patients without prophylactic antiviral . Rescue antiviral therapy did not reduce the incidence of hepatitis flares due to HBV reactivation . Prophylactic entecavir presented promising efficacy in HBV-related cancer patients receiving TACE . Lower performance status and female gender might be the predictors for HBV reactivation in these patients . Hepatectomy in hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- patients lead to postoperative hepatitis B virus -LRB- HBV -RRB- reactivation -LRB- PHR -RRB- as well as immunosuppression . This prospective study involved 135 HBV-related HCC patients and 42 control hepatic hemangioma patients . Among HCC patients , 26 -LRB- 19.3 % -RRB- suffered PHR . Risk factors for PHR were HBV-cAg S1 positivity -LSB- hazard ratio -LRB- HR -RRB- = 404.82 , P = 0.004 -RSB- , high preoperative total bilirubin level -LRB- HR = 186.38 , P = 0.036 -RRB- , small preoperative proportions of CD3-CD16 + CD56 + cells -LRB- HR = 0.01 , P = 0.014 -RRB- and CD19 + B cells -LRB- HR = 0.02 , P = 0.016 -RRB- , blood transfusion -LRB- HR = 157.03 , P = 0.006 -RRB- and high liver cirrhosis S score -LRB- HR = 270.45 , P = 0.004 -RRB- . On postoperative day -LRB- POD -RRB- 3 , PHR patients showed much greater immunosuppression than non-PHR patients based on proportions of T cells -LRB- CD3 + , CD3 + CD4 + , CD3 + CD8 + -RRB- , B cells -LRB- CD19 + -RRB- and on levels of IgG , IgA antibodies , complement proteins C3 , and C4 . By POD 7 , PHR patients had partially recovered but not as quickly as non-PHR patients : PHR patients still showed deficits in T cells -LRB- CD3 + , CD3 + CD4 + -RRB- , CD3-CD16 + CD56 + cells and in levels of IgM , C3 , C4 , and C-reactive protein . PHR may be associated with resection-induced immunosuppression in patients with HBV-related HCC . It is unclear whether the reactivation of hepatitis B virus -LRB- HBV -RRB- influences the prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- after resection in patients with chronic hepatitis B . The aim of this study was to identify the influence of HBV reactivation on the recurrence of hepatitis B-related HCC after curative resection in patients with low viral load -LRB- HBV DNA < 2000 IU/mL -RRB- . We retrospectively analysed a total of 130 patients who underwent curative resection for HBV-related early stage HCC -LRB- single nodule ; < 5 cm/two or three nodules ; < 3 cm -RRB- with pre-operative HBV DNA levels < 2000 IU/mL with serial HBV DNA tests . The predictive factors including HBV reactivation for the recurrence of HBV-related HCC after curative resection were investigated . Fifty-three patients -LRB- 41 % -RRB- had HBV reactivation after resection among 130 patients . HBV reactivation was observed in 22 of 53 patients with undetectable baseline HBV DNA and in 31 of 77 patients with detectable baseline HBV DNA . Cumulative recurrence rates after resection at 1 , 2 and 3 years were 17.0 % , 23.3 % and 31.4 % , respectively . The multivariable analysis demonstrated that the risk factors for the recurrence were the presence of microvascular invasion -LRB- hazard ratio -LRB- HR -RRB- 2.62 , P = 0.003 -RRB- , multinodularity -LRB- HR 4.61 , P = 0.005 -RRB- , HBV reactivation after resection -LRB- HR 2.03 , P = 0.032 -RRB- and HBeAg positivity -LRB- HR 2.06 , P = 0.044 -RRB- . HBV reactivation after curative resection is associated with the recurrence of HBV-related HCC in patients with low viral load . Hepatitis B virus -LRB- HBV -RRB- replication detected before the resection of hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- is to be controlled by antiviral agents . However , management strategy for patients with preoperatively undetectable HBV DNA without antiviral therapy is not clearly delineated . This study investigated viral reactivation after the liver resection in non-replicating HBV DNA-related HCC patients and its impact on the surgical outcome . From 198 patients that underwent liver resection due to HBV-related HCC , 101 patients who had serially checked serum HBV DNA were analyzed . From 101 patients , 33 patients had baseline undetectable HBV DNA . Eleven patients -LRB- 11/33 , 33.3 % -RRB- had viral replication after the liver resection . The postoperative viral reactivation -LRB- HR : 2.144 ; 95 % CI : 1.122-4.097 ; P = 0.021 -RRB- , along with the existence of satellite nodules -LRB-
To describe the incidence and aetiology of heart failure in out-of-hospital sudden circulatory arrest -LRB- SCA -RRB- in the Maastricht area of the Netherlands . All cases of SCA were studied in the age group 20 to 75 years between 1 January 1997 and 31 December 2000 . Demographic characteristics , aetiology and clinical features , related to heart failure were studied . Four hundred and ninety-two patients were included -LRB- 72 % men -RRB- , mean age of 62 + / -10 . The yearly incidence of SCA was 9.2 / 10,000 inhabitants . Sudden death represented 19 % of all deaths , occurring in the same time period . In 52 % of the men and 59 % of women , SCA was the first manifestation of heart disease . In the SCA group with a cardiac history overt heart failure was present in 26 % of the cases , the time interval between the first heart failure episode and SCA being 4.3 + / -6.3 year . In the heart failure group the majority had previously been in a poor functional class and LVEF . Concerning aetiology , of the SCA group , 77 % were known with CAD and 72 % with an old MI . Also in the group with a LVEF > 50 % CAD was the most frequent cause . There is an increased risk of SCA at poorer pump function and most SCA victims with previous heart failure are in a poor functional class SCA . However heart failure is seen in only a minority of the SCA population . CAD is by far the most common cause of SCA . To establish consensus recommendations among health care specialties for defining and establishing diagnostic criteria for the minimally conscious state -LRB- MCS -RRB- . There is a subgroup of patients with severe alteration in consciousness who do not meet diagnostic criteria for coma or the vegetative state -LRB- VS -RRB- . These patients demonstrate inconsistent but discernible evidence of consciousness . It is important to distinguish patients in MCS from those in coma and VS because preliminary findings suggest that there are meaningful differences in outcome . An evidence-based literature review of disorders of consciousness was completed to define MCS , develop diagnostic criteria for entry into MCS , and identify markers for emergence to higher levels of cognitive function . There were insufficient data to establish evidence-based guidelines for diagnosis , prognosis , and management of MCS . Therefore , a consensus-based case definition with behaviorally referenced diagnostic criteria was formulated to facilitate future empirical investigation . MCS is characterized by inconsistent but clearly discernible behavioral evidence of consciousness and can be distinguished from coma and VS by documenting the presence of specific behavioral features not found in either of these conditions . Patients may evolve to MCS from coma or VS after acute brain injury . MCS may also result from degenerative or congenital nervous system disorders . This condition is often transient but may also exist as a permanent outcome . Defining MCS should promote further research on its epidemiology , neuropathology , natural history , and management . To assess survival after cardiac arrest and to determine whether age is an independent determinant of late mortality or poor neurologic outcome . Analyses using results of Brain Resuscitation Clinical Trial I -LRB- 1979 to 1984 -RRB- and Brain Resuscitation Clinical Trial II -LRB- 1984 to 1989 -RRB- , two randomized , double-blind studies of outcome following cardiac arrest . A multicenter study in 12 acute care hospitals in nine countries -LRB- Brain Resuscitation Clinical Trial I -RRB- , and 24 hospitals in eight countries -LRB- Brain Resuscitation Clinical Trial II -RRB- . A total of 774 patients who were initially comatose after successful resuscitation from cardiac arrest . The analyses include both in - and out-of-hospital cardiac arrests . The 6-month mortality rate for the entire group was 81 % . Mortality rate was 94 % for the oldest group -LRB- > 80 yrs -RRB- compared with 68 % for the youngest group -LRB- < or = 45 yrs -RRB- -LRB- p < .01 -RRB- . Other independent predictors of mortality were history of diabetes mellitus , inhospital arrests , arrest time of > 5 mins , history of congestive heart failure , a noncardiac cause of arrest , and cardiopulmonary resuscitation time of > 20 mins . Of the 774 patients , 27 % recovered good neurologic function . There was no statistically significant difference in neurologic recovery rates by age . Multivariate analysis showed that independent predictors of good neurologic recovery were : no history of diabetes mellitus , a cardiac cause of arrest , short arrest time , and short cardiopulmonary resuscitation time . Increasing age was a factor in postresuscitation mortality , but was not an independent predictor of poor neurologic outcome . To systematically review outcomes in comatose survivors after cardiac arrest and cardiopulmonary resuscitation -LRB- CPR -RRB- . The authors analyzed studies -LRB- 1966 to 2006 -RRB- that explored predictors of death or unconsciousness after 1 month or unconsciousness or severe disability after 6 months . The authors identified four class I studies , three class II studies , and five class III studies on clinical findings and circumstances . The indicators of poor outcome after CPR are absent pupillary light response or corneal reflexes , and extensor or no motor response to pain after 3 days of observation -LRB- level A -RRB- , and myoclonus status epilepticus -LRB- level B -RRB- . Prognosis can not be based on circumstances of CPR -LRB- level B -RRB- or elevated body temperature -LRB- level C -RRB- . The authors identified one class I , one class II , and nine class III studies on electrophysiology . Bilateral absent cortical responses on somatosensory evoked potential studies recorded 3 days after CPR predicted poor outcome -LRB- level B -RRB- . Burst suppression or generalized epileptiform discharges on
Nonselective systemic vasodilators worsen ventilation perfusion -LRB- V/Q -RRB- matching and gas exchange in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- . Inhaled iloprost has the potential to act preferentially in ventilated regions of the lung , thereby reducing pulmonary hypertension -LRB- PH -RRB- while alveolar ventilation is still maintained . To investigate the acute effects of inhaled iloprost on V/Q matching in patients with COPD and PH. Ten males with COPD and PH on echocardiography were evaluated before and after inhaling 2 doses of iloprost -LRB- 2.5 microg -RRB- . Measurements included lung function , arterial blood gas , 6-min walk test -LRB- 6MWT -RRB- as well as ventilatory equivalents for oxygen -LRB- V -LRB- E -RRB- / VO -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- and carbon dioxide -LRB- V -LRB- E -RRB- / VCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- taken at baseline , 30 min following each dose of iloprost , and 2 h after the second dose . Arterial blood gas , venous admixture , dead space fraction and lung functions were maintained after iloprost . All measurements returned to baseline 2 h after the last dose . No adverse effects on systemic blood pressure or oxygen saturation were seen . Pulmonary hypertension is an important complication of COPD . A small subset of patients with COPD have severe pulmonary hypertension -LRB- PH -RRB- that is out of proportion to the mild increase in pulmonary arterial pressure observed commonly . Severe PH associated with COPD is associated with increased morbidity and mortality . Treatment options in this group of patients are limited with no conclusive evidence of benefit when drugs approved for treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension are used . We describe a patient with severe PH associated with COPD who improved clinically and hemodynamically when treated with inhaled iloprost . The improvement was sustained for 2 years . Severe PH in patients with COPD needs to be recognized and novel treatment approaches considered .
Understanding the physico-chemical relationship of lumenal lipids to one another is critical when elucidating the mechanism of components known to impact cholesterol absorption . Presently , there are no studies that describe the proportion of cholesterol carried as micelles or vesicles within human lumenal contents . Part of the reason for the scarceness of data is because of the lack of appropriate methodology required for reproducible sample collection and analysis . Thus , the object of the present studies was to develop a method to measure the amount of cholesterol carried as micelles or vesicles in human lumenal samples . The method includes the collection of lumenal samples from the ligament of Trietz through a Fredrick Miller tube , separation of the aqueous subphase from the nondigested lipids , separation of micelles and vesicles on Sepharose 4B columns within 48 h of collection using elution buffers consisting of the intermicellar bile acid composition , and finally quantitation of cholesterol eluted off of the columns . The distribution of cholesterol between micelles and vesicles obtained under different concentrations of bile acids and various lipids was comparable to results obtained from phase diagrams using the lumenal molar percentages of lipids obtained from the same samples . Qualitative and quantitative changes in intraluminal bile acid composition may alter cholesterol absorption and synthesis and LDL receptor expression . In a randomized crossover design outpatient study , 12 adults aged 24-36 years took 15 mg/kg/day ursodeoxycholic acid -LRB- UDCA -RRB- or no bile acid supplement -LRB- control -RRB- for 20 days while being fed a controlled diet -LRB- AHA Step II -RRB- . A liquid meal of defined composition was then given and luminal samples collected . Cholesterol absorption and cholesterol fractional synthetic rate -LRB- FSR -RRB- were assessed by stable isotopic methods . With UDCA treatment , bile was enriched significantly -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- to 40.6 + / - 2.6 % -LRB- mean + / - SEM -RRB- compared with 2.2 + / - 2.6 % for controls . Regardless , plasma total , HDL , and LDL cholesterol were unchanged with UDCA treatment . Intraluminal cholesterol solubilized in the aqueous phase during the entire collection was decreased -LRB- P = 0.012 -RRB- in UDCA-treated subjects -LRB- 101.0 + / - 7.2 mg/ml/120 min -RRB- compared with controls -LRB- 132.5 + / - 7.2 mg/ml/120 min . -RRB- . Percent micellar cholesterol was increased in UDCA-treated versus controls after meal ingestion . Thus , despite marked enrichment in luminal bile with UDCA and decreased cholesterol solubilization , no differences in cholesterol absorption or metabolism are found when diet and genetic differences in absorption are carefully controlled . Qualitative and quantitative changes in intralumenal bile acid composition may alter cholesterol absorption and synthesis and low-density lipoprotein -LRB- LDL -RRB- receptor expression . The role of cholic acid -LRB- CA -RRB- in cholesterol absorption in humans remains unclear and , thus , was examined in the current study . In a crossover design outpatient study , 12 adults aged 24-36 years took 15 mg/kg/day -LRB- CA -RRB- or no bile acid supplement -LRB- control -RRB- while being fed a controlled diet -LRB- AHA heart-healthy diet -RRB- . A liquid meal of defined composition was given on day 14 of the diet , and lumenal samples were collected . Thereafter , cholesterol absorption and cholesterol fractional synthetic rate -LRB- FSR -RRB- were assessed by stable isotopic methods from days 16 to 20 . With CA treatment , bile was enriched significantly with CA -LRB- P < 0.0004 -RRB- to 60.2 % + / - 2.4 % -LRB- mean + / - SEM -RRB- compared with 43.3 % + / - 2.4 % for controls . Percentage micellar cholesterol was increased by CA plus diet treatment vs. diet alone after meal ingestion -LRB- P = 0.004 -RRB- . Plasma total and high-density lipoprotein -LRB- HDL -RRB- and LDL cholesterol was unchanged with CA treatment . Thus , enrichment in lumenal bile with CA results in an increase in cholesterol absorption , an effect potentially mediated by enhanced cholesterol solubilization in micelles . Intralumenal bile acid -LRB- BA -RRB- concentrations have a profound effect on cholesterol absorption . We performed studies to assess the effects of markedly reduced lumenal BA on cholesterol absorption in children with inborn errors in BA synthesis and the role of micellar solubilisation of cholesterol on its absorption in an animal model using human intestinal contents . We studied five subjects : two with 3beta hydroxy-C27 steroid dehydrogenase isomerase deficiency -LRB- 3-HSD -RRB- , two with Delta -LRB- 4 -RRB- -3-oxosteroid 5beta reductase deficiency -LRB- 5beta reductase -RRB- , and one with 2-methylacyl CoA racemase deficiency -LRB- racemase -RRB- . Subjects were studied on supplemental BA therapy and three weeks after withdrawal of supplements . During each treatment period a liquid meal was consumed . Duodenal samples were collected and analysed , and cholesterol absorption and cholesterol fractional synthetic rates were measured . Human intralumenal contents were infused in a bile diverted rat lymph fistula model to assess micellar versus vesicular absorption of cholesterol . Without BA supplementation , intralumenal BA concentrations were below the critical micellar concentration -LRB- CMC -RRB- whereas intralumenal BAs increased to above the CMC in all subjects on BA supplementation . Lumenal cholesterol was carried primarily as vesicles in untreated subjects whereas it was carried as both micelles and vesicles in treated subjects . Cholesterol absorption increased approximately 55 % in treated compared with untreated subjects -LRB- p = 0.041 -RRB- , with a simultaneous 70 % decrease in synthesis rates -LRB- p = 0.029 -RRB- . In the rat lymph fistula model , minimal vesicular cholesterol was absorbed whereas vesicular and micellar fatty acid and phospholipid were comparably absorbed . Increasing micellar cholesterol solubilisation by supplemental BA in subjects with inborn errors of BA synthesis leads to an improvement in cholesterol absorption and reduction in cholesterol synthesis due to improved micellar solubilisation of cholesterol .
A genome-wide , whole brain approach to investigate genetic effects on neuroimaging phenotypes for identifying quantitative trait loci is described . The Alzheimer 's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative 1.5 T MRI and genetic dataset was investigated using voxel-based morphometry -LRB- VBM -RRB- and FreeSurfer parcellation followed by genome-wide association studies -LRB- GWAS -RRB- . One hundred forty-two measures of grey matter -LRB- GM -RRB- density , volume , and cortical thickness were extracted from baseline scans . GWAS , using PLINK , were performed on each phenotype using quality-controlled genotype and scan data including 530,992 of 620,903 single nucleotide polymorphisms -LRB- SNPs -RRB- and 733 of 818 participants -LRB- 175 AD , 354 amnestic mild cognitive impairment , MCI , and 204 healthy controls , HC -RRB- . Hierarchical clustering and heat maps were used to analyze the GWAS results and associations are reported at two significance thresholds -LRB- p < 10 -LRB- -7 -RRB- and p < 10 -LRB- -6 -RRB- -RRB- . As expected , SNPs in the APOE and TOMM40 genes were confirmed as markers strongly associated with multiple brain regions . Other top SNPs were proximal to the EPHA4 , TP63 and NXPH1 genes . Detailed image analyses of rs6463843 -LRB- flanking NXPH1 -RRB- revealed reduced global and regional GM density across diagnostic groups in TT relative to GG homozygotes . Interaction analysis indicated that AD patients homozygous for the T allele showed differential vulnerability to right hippocampal GM density loss . NXPH1 codes for a protein implicated in promotion of adhesion between dendrites and axons , a key factor in synaptic integrity , the loss of which is a hallmark of AD . A genome-wide , whole brain search strategy has the potential to reveal novel candidate genes and loci warranting further investigation and replication . The Alzheimer 's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative -LRB- ADNI -RRB- is a multi-center study assessing neuroimaging in diagnosis and longitudinal monitoring . Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment -LRB- MCI -RRB- often represents a prodromal form of dementia , conferring a 10-15 % annual risk of converting to probable AD . We analyzed baseline 1.5 T MRI scans in 693 participants from the ADNI cohort divided into four groups by baseline diagnosis and one year MCI to probable AD conversion status to identify neuroimaging phenotypes associated with MCI and AD and potential predictive markers of imminent conversion . MP-RAGE scans were analyzed using publicly available voxel-based morphometry -LRB- VBM -RRB- and automated parcellation methods . Measures included global and hippocampal grey matter -LRB- GM -RRB- density , hippocampal and amygdalar volumes , and cortical thickness values from entorhinal cortex and other temporal and parietal lobe regions . The overall pattern of structural MRI changes in MCI -LRB- n = 339 -RRB- and AD -LRB- n = 148 -RRB- compared to healthy controls -LRB- HC , n = 206 -RRB- was similar to prior findings in smaller samples . MCI-Converters -LRB- n = 62 -RRB- demonstrated a very similar pattern of atrophic changes to the AD group up to a year before meeting clinical criteria for AD . Finally , a comparison of effect sizes for contrasts between the MCI-Converters and MCI-Stable -LRB- n = 277 -RRB- groups on MRI metrics indicated that degree of neurodegeneration of medial temporal structures was the best antecedent MRI marker of imminent conversion , with decreased hippocampal volume -LRB- left > right -RRB- being the most robust . Neuroimaging measures and chemical biomarkers may be important indices of clinical progression in normal aging and mild cognitive impairment -LRB- MCI -RRB- and need to be evaluated longitudinally . To characterize cross-sectionally and longitudinally clinical measures in normal controls , subjects with MCI , and subjects with mild Alzheimer disease -LRB- AD -RRB- to enable the assessment of the utility of neuroimaging and chemical biomarker measures . The subjects with MCI were more memory impaired than the cognitively normal subjects but not as impaired as the subjects with AD . Nonmemory cognitive measures were only minimally impaired in the subjects with MCI . The subjects with MCI progressed to dementia in 12 months at a rate of 16.5 % per year . Approximately 50 % of the subjects with MCI were on antidementia therapies . There was minimal movement on the Alzheimer 's Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive Subscale for the normal control subjects , slight movement for the subjects with MCI of 1.1 , and a modest change for the subjects with AD of 4.3 . Baseline CSF measures of Abeta-42 separated the 3 groups as expected and successfully predicted the 12-month change in cognitive measures . The Alzheimer 's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative has successfully recruited cohorts of cognitively normal subjects , subjects with mild cognitive impairment -LRB- MCI -RRB- , and subjects with Alzheimer disease with anticipated baseline characteristics . The 12-month progression rate of MCI was as predicted , and the CSF measures heralded progression of clinical measures over 12 months . High-dimensional pattern classification was applied to baseline and multiple follow-up MRI scans of the Alzheimer 's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative -LRB- ADNI -RRB- participants with mild cognitive impairment -LRB- MCI -RRB- , in order to investigate the potential of predicting short-term conversion to Alzheimer 's Disease -LRB- AD -RRB- on an individual basis . MCI participants that converted to AD -LRB- average follow-up 15 months -RRB- displayed significantly lower volumes in a number of grey matter -LRB- GM -RRB- regions , as well as in the white matter -LRB- WM -RRB- . They also displayed more pronounced periventricular small-vessel pathology , as well as an increased rate of increase of such pathology . Individual person analysis was performed using a pattern classifier previously constructed from AD patients and cognitively normal -LRB- CN -RRB- individuals to yield an abnormality score that is positive for AD-like brains and negative otherwise . The abnormality scores measured from MCI non-converters -LRB- MCI-NC -RRB- followed a bimodal distribution , reflecting the heterogeneity of this group , whereas they were positive in almost all
The interrelationships between the pharmacokinetics of zidovudine alone and of zidovudine plus clarithromycin were evaluated with 18 volunteers with AIDS who had no infection with Mycobacterium avium complex or clinical evidence of gastroenteritis . Patients received 200 mg of zidovudine orally every 8 h on days 1 to 4 and 1,000 mg of clarithromycin every 12 h , given 2 h apart from zidovudine , on days 2 to 4 . Concentrations of zidovudine in plasma were measured at steady state both prior to -LRB- phase 1 , day 1 -RRB- and during -LRB- phase 2 , day 4 -RRB- administration of clarithromycin . Levels of clarithromycin were measured at steady state on day 4 . The maximum concentrations of zidovudine in plasma were significantly different in phases 1 and 2 -LRB- 616.6 and 949.0 ng/ml , respectively -RRB- , as were the times to the maximum concentrations of zidovudine -LRB- 2.1 and 1.0 h , respectively -RRB- . However , the minimum concentrations in plasma and the areas under the concentration-time curves from 0 to 6 h did not differ on days 1 and 4 . There is no significant impact on the overall bioavailability of zidovudine from the addition of clarithromycin in patients with AIDS . Clarithromycin may increase the rate of zidovudine absorption , but this is unlikely to have clinical relevance . This study evaluated the safety , tolerability , and pharmacokinetics of zidovudine administered intravenously and orally to infants born to women infected with the human immunodeficiency virus . Thirty-two symptom-free infants were enrolled before 3 months of age . The pharmacokinetics of zidovudine were evaluated in each infant after single intravenously and orally administered doses of zidovudine on consecutive days , and during long-term oral administration of the drug for 4 to 6 weeks . As new patients were enrolled , doses of zidovudine were progressively increased from 2 to 4 mg/kg . Therapy was continued for up to 12 months in 7 of the infants proved to be infected with human immunodeficiency virus . Zidovudine was generally well tolerated ; 20 children -LRB- 62.5 % -RRB- had anemia -LRB- hemoglobin level < 10.0 gm/dl -RRB- during therapy and 9 -LRB- 28.1 % -RRB- had neutropenia -LRB- neutrophil count < or = 750 cells/mm3 -RRB- ; these hematologic abnormalities usually resolved spontaneously . Oral absorption was satisfactory and bioavailability decreased significantly with age , from 89 % in infants < or = 14 days to 61 % in those > 14 days of age -LRB- p = 0.0002 -RRB- . Plasma concentrations of zidovudine were calculated to be in excess of 1 mumol/L -LRB- 0.267 micrograms/ml -RRB- for 4.12 + / - 1.86 hours and 2.25 + / - 0.78 hours after oral doses of 2 mg/kg in infants younger than 2 weeks and 3 mg/kg in older infants , respectively . We conclude that zidovudine administered at oral doses of 2 mg/kg every 6 hours to infants aged less than 2 weeks and 3 mg/kg every 6 hours to infants older than 2 weeks resulted in plasma concentrations that are considered virustatic against human immunodeficiency virus . Zidovudine was well tolerated by infants at these doses . Data obtained from neonates receiving zidovudine as part of a phase I study were used to estimate the population pharmacokinetic parameters of this drug and to determine the minimum number of data points necessary to provide accurate estimates of the kinetic parameters and their variability . Analysis was performed with 541 concentrations of zidovudine , obtained from 32 infants and with a variety of reduced data sets using NONMEM -LRB- nonlinear mixed effect model -RRB- . The reduced data sets were derived by randomly reducing the number of sampling time points per dosing interval and/or by randomly reducing the number of available subjects . We determined that accurate estimates of pharmacokinetic parameters and their variability were obtained with the inclusion of all 32 patients using only two concentration-time points per dose interval , provided that one of the points was obtained during the first 2 h after administration of the drug . The parameters themselves were adequately estimated with only 24 subjects and two concentration-time points per dose interval . We suggest that NONMEM should be used in addition to the traditional pharmacokinetic analysis to obtain more precise information directly in the population of interest with a minimum of blood sampling from each patient . This is especially critical in infants whose blood volumes are limited . The use of antiretroviral agents and drugs for the treatment and prophylaxis of opportunistic infections has lengthened the survival of persons with AIDS . In the era of multidrug therapy , drug interactions are important considerations in designing effective and tolerable regimens . Clarithromycin has had a significant impact on the treatment of disseminated Mycobacterium avium complex infection , and zidovudine is the best-studied and one of the most widely used antiretroviral agents in this population . We conducted a study to determine the maximally tolerated dose of clarithromycin and the pharmacokinetics of clarithromycin and zidovudine individually and in combination . Mixing studies were conducted to simulate potential interaction in the gastric environment . The simultaneous administration of zidovudine and clarithromycin had little impact on the pharmacokinetics of clarithromycin or of its major metabolite . However , coadministration of zidovudine and clarithromycin at three doses -LRB- 500 mg orally -LSB- p.o. -RSB- twice daily -LSB- b.i.d. -RSB- , 1,000 mg p.o. b.i.d. , and 2,000 mg p.o. b.i.d. -RRB- reduced the maximum concentration of zidovudine by 41 % -LRB- P < 0.005 -RRB- and the area under the concentration-time curve from 0 to 4 h for zidovudine by 25 % -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- and increased the time to maximum concentration of zidovudine by 84 % -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- , compared with zidovudine administered alone . Mixing studies did not detect the formation of insoluble complexes due to chelation , suggesting that the decrease in zidovudine
Most women of reproductive age have some physical discomfort or dysphoria in the weeks before menstruation . Symptoms are often mild , but can be severe enough to substantially affect daily activities . About 5-8 % of women thus suffer from severe premenstrual syndrome -LRB- PMS -RRB- ; most of these women also meet criteria for premenstrual dysphoric disorder -LRB- PMDD -RRB- . Mood and behavioural symptoms , including irritability , tension , depressed mood , tearfulness , and mood swings , are the most distressing , but somatic complaints , such as breast tenderness and bloating , can also be problematic . We outline theories for the underlying causes of severe PMS , and describe two main methods of treating it : one targeting the hypothalamus-pituitary-ovary axis , and the other targeting brain serotonergic synapses . Fluctuations in gonadal hormone levels trigger the symptoms , and thus interventions that abolish ovarian cyclicity , including long-acting analogues of gonadotropin-releasing hormone -LRB- GnRH -RRB- or oestradiol -LRB- administered as patches or implants -RRB- , effectively reduce the symptoms , as can some oral contraceptives . The effectiveness of serotonin reuptake inhibitors , taken throughout the cycle or during luteal phases only , is also well established . In studies of premenstrual syndrome -LRB- PMS -RRB- , a significant response to treatment is commonly defined as a 50 % reduction in symptom scores , but empirical support for this definition is lacking . We compared healthcare utilization in women with and without PMS according to the Daily Record of Severity of Problems -LRB- DRSP -RRB- scores in order to determine the degree of symptomatic variation in premenstrual symptoms associated with differences in the burden of illness . Participants were women aged 18-45 years enrolled in a medical group in southern California . Respondents completed the Medical Outcomes Study Short Form-36 -LRB- SF-36 -RRB- at baseline and the DRSP symptom and occupational productivity items daily . Luteal phase DRSP scores were averaged over two consecutive cycles . Respondents were categorized as having mild/no and moderate/severe PMS or premenstrual dysphoric disorder -LRB- PMDD -RRB- using a previously published , validated algorithm . Medical costs were estimated from medical claims data over the 2 years prior to study entry . Compared with women with moderate/severe PMS/PMDD -LRB- n = 117 -RRB- , those with mild/no PMS/PMDD -LRB- n = 271 -RRB- had 43 % lower DRSP scores -LRB- 29.7 and 52.4 , p < 0.05 -RRB- , higher SF-36 mental component summary -LRB- 49.9 and 40.5 , p < 0.0001 -RRB- and physical component summary -LRB- 52.6 and 50.8 , p = 0.04 -RRB- scores , and fewer workdays per month with reduced productivity -LRB- 13.3 and 22.0 , p < 0.0001 -RRB- and workdays missed due to health reasons -LRB- 1.2 and 2.7 , p = 0.001 -RRB- . A 43 % difference in premenstrual vs. postmenstrual symptom scores is associated with a significant difference in healthcare burden . These data support the use of a 50 % reduction in symptom ratings as a clinically relevant improvement in PMS/PMDD treatment trials , although smaller differences may also be meaningful . To assess symptom ratings on the first day of menses to identify women at high risk of clinically significant premenstrual syndrome -LRB- PMS -RRB- who should undergo further evaluation . The DRSP includes 21 symptom items grouped within 11 domains . DRSP scores on the first day of menses were calculated using the sum of all 21 items -LRB- standard method -RRB- , the sum of the highest rated items within each domain -LRB- alternative method -RRB- , and the sum of seven items derived from modeling . Seventy percent of the study sample was randomly assigned into a model-building set to identify optimal cutoff scores for PMS screening . The remaining 30 % comprised a testing set used to compare PMS screening results to a PMS diagnosis based on two cycles of daily DRSP ratings . Of the initial study sample , 388 participants -LRB- 55.7 % -RRB- completed two cycles of daily ratings . The prevalence of PMS was 30.4 % . In the model-building set , the positive and negative predictive values of the 21-item DRSP scores were 53.8 % and 83.4 % using the standard method and 52.7 % and 84.0 % using the alternative method . Corresponding values were 55.0 % and 84.9 % for an abbreviated seven-item DRSP version . These results were confirmed in the testing set . The DRSP administered on the first day of menses is an acceptable screening instrument to identify women who may have PMS . Premenstrual syndrome -LRB- PMS -RRB- encompasses a variety of symptoms appearing during the luteal phase of the menstrual cycle . Although PMS is widely recognized , the etiology remains unclear and it lacks definitive , universally accepted diagnostic criteria . To address these issues an international multidisciplinary group of experts evaluated the current definitions and diagnostic criteria of PMS and premenstrual dysphoric disorder -LRB- PMDD -RRB- . Following extensive correspondence , a consensus meeting was held with the aim of producing updated diagnostic criteria for PMS and guidelines for clinical and research applications . This report presents the conclusions and recommendations of the group . It is hoped that the criteria proposed by the group will become widely accepted and eventually be incorporated into the next edition of the World Health Organization 's International Classification of Diseases -LRB- ICD-11 -RRB- . It is also hoped that the proposed guidelines for quantification of criteria will be used by clinicians and investigators to facilitate diagnostic uniformity in the field as well as adequate treatment modalities when warranted . There is substantial information that premenstrual dysphoric disorder -LRB- PMDD -RRB- is a clinically significant disorder with biological underpinnings that differ from other psychiatric disorders . However , data regarding the symptoms noted in DSM-IV and timing of their expression in the menstrual cycle have had little empirical support . To
1alpha , 25-Dihydroxy-22-oxacalcitriol -LRB- maxacalcitol -RRB- is a vitamin D3 analogue which displays approximately 10 times greater efficacy at suppressing keratinocyte proliferation in vitro than calcipotriol and tacalcitol . To determine clinical efficacy , a phase II double-blind , randomized , left vs. right , concentration-response study was performed with once-daily topical maxacalcitol in patients with mild to moderate chronic plaque psoriasis . Primary efficacy parameters were psoriasis severity index -LRB- PSI -RRB- based on sum of scores for erythema , scaling and induration and investigators ' overall assessment of patients ' response to therapy at 8 weeks of treatment . One hundred and forty-four patients participated . All concentrations of maxacalcitol ointment -LRB- 6 , 12.5 , 25 and 50 microg/g -RRB- were significantly more effective at reducing PSI than placebo -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- , with greatest effect noted for maxacalcitol 25 microg/g . Calcipotriol ointment 50 microg/g once daily as active comparator had a similar effect . Marked improvement or clearance of psoriasis was greatest for maxacalcitol 25 microg/g -LRB- 55 % of subjects -RRB- which compared favourably with calcipotriol -LRB- 46 % -RRB- . Improvement continued throughout the study period , with no plateau at week 8 . Investigators ' and patients ' side preference -LRB- secondary efficacy parameters -RRB- rated maxacalcitol more effective than placebo and 25 microg/g maxacalcitol better than calcipotriol -LRB- P < 0.05 for investigators ' assessment -RRB- . Twelve patients withdrew from the study due to adverse events , of which four were judged to be due to study medication . This study indicates that once-daily maxacalcitol ointment is effective in the management of plaque psoriasis , with greatest effect noted at 25 microg/g . As no response plateau was noted at 8 weeks , these data suggest that further benefit might be obtained if maxacalcitol ointment were applied for longer . Finally , investigators ' overall assessment and side preference suggest that maxacalcitol 25 microg/g may be more effective than once-daily calcipotriol . Ten patients with extensive plaque psoriasis were treated with calcipotriol ointment -LRB- 50 micrograms/g -RRB- for 2 weeks -LRB- 200 g for 1 week , followed by 300 g during the second week -RRB- . Mean improvement in psoriasis area and severity index -LRB- PASI -RRB- was 71 % . Urine calcium returned towards baseline after stopping calcipotriol . Mean serum calcium also rose slightly , but significantly , from 2.26 mmol/l to 2.32 mmol/l -LRB- P < 0.005 -RRB- , and fell again in the washout phase . Individual serum calcium values remained within the normal range throughout the study . Topical calcipotriol is an effective , rapidly acting and safe in-patient treatment for extensive plaque psoriasis . Calcipotriol is a vitamin D analogue which is an effective topical treatment for chronic plaque psoriasis . It has been reported to have no effect on systemic calcium homeostasis provided the manufacturer 's guidelines are adhered to -LRB- maximum 100 g of calcipotriol ointment -LRB- 50 micrograms/g -RRB- per week -RRB- . However , there have been reports of hypercalcaemia in patients using topical calcipotriol even at recommended doses . The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of topical calcipotriol in vivo using the recently developed ` intact ' PTH assay as a more sensitive index of systemic calcium homeostasis . Seven patients with extensive psoriasis were recruited for the study . Each patient was admitted to hospital and applied 200 g of calcipotriol -LRB- 50 micrograms/g -RRB- ointment over the first week followed by 300 g over the second week . In the third week of treatment , patients were treated with 2 % crude coal tar which served as a biochemical washout phase . Serum total adjusted calcium was measured at baseline and three times a week during the study . Twenty-four-hour urinary calcium excretion was measured at baseline and twice a week throughout the study . Peak -LRB- 0400 h -RRB- and trough -LRB- 0900 h -RRB- PTH levels were measured at baseline and at the ends of weeks 2 and 3 . Serum PTH levels were reduced in every patient after 2 weeks ' treatment with calcipotriol and rose after withdrawal . Mean serum and urine calcium rose during treatment with calcipotriol and fell after withdrawal . Mean adjusted total calcium rose by 0.14 mmol/l -LRB- 95 % confidence interval 0.10-0.16 -RRB- from 2.25 to 2.39 mmol/l -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- . Mean 24 hour urine calcium excretion rose by 2.09 mmol/24 h -LRB- 0.51-3.26 -RRB- from 3.40 to 5.49 mmol/24 h -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . No patient developed hypercalcaemia at any stage of the study although hypercalcaemia was recorded transiently in three patients . Topical calcipotriol is likely to have a dose dependent effect on systemic calcium homeostasis . Vitamin D and its analogues are effective in the treatment of psoriasis . The principal concern about the use of these agents is the possibility of adverse effects on systemic calcium homeostasis . We review the effects of vitamin D and its analogues on systemic calcium homeostasis and discuss the implications for patients with psoriasis . Relatively little information is available in the literature concerning the cost of psoriasis in the United States , and much of that information is out of date . The present analyses estimate the direct cost of medical care for psoriasis -LRB- including psoriatic arthritis -RRB- from a societal perspective among adults in the United States . The costs of hospitalizations , outpatient and physician office visits , prescription and over-the-counter -LRB- OTC -RRB- medications , and medical procedures were estimated from the literature , analysis of publicly available health databases -LRB- Health and Nutrition Examination Survey , National Hospital Discharge Survey , Medicare Public Use Files , National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey , and the National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey -RRB- , and analysis of privately available health databases -LRB- United Health Care/Diversified Pharmaceutical Services , the Medstat Group diagnosis-related
Rapid urine tests , such as microscopy , for bacteria and white cells , and dipsticks , for leucocyte esterase and nitrites , are often used in children that are unwell to guide early diagnosis and treatment of urinary tract infection . We aimed to establish whether these tests were sufficiently sensitive to avoid urine culture in children with negative results and to compare the accuracy of dipsticks with microscopy . Medline , Embase , and reference lists were searched . Studies were included if urine culture results were compared with rapid tests in children . Data were analysed to obtain absolute and relative accuracy estimates . Data from 95 studies in 95 703 children were analysed . Summary estimates for sensitivity and specificity for microscopy for Gram-stained bacteria were 91 % -LRB- 95 % CI 80-96 -RRB- and 96 % -LRB- 92-98 -RRB- , for unstained bacteria were 88 % -LRB- 75-94 -RRB- and 92 % -LRB- 84-96 -RRB- , for urine white cells were 74 % -LRB- 67-80 -RRB- and 86 % -LRB- 82-90 -RRB- , for leucocyte esterase or nitrite positive dipstick were 88 % -LRB- 82-91 -RRB- and 79 % -LRB- 69-87 -RRB- , and for nitrite-only positive dipstick were 49 % -LRB- 41-57 -RRB- and 98 % -LRB- 96-99 -RRB- . Microscopy for bacteria with Gram stain had higher accuracy than other laboratory tests with relative diagnostic odds ratio compared with bacteria without Gram stain of 8.7 -LRB- 95 % CI 1.8-41.1 -RRB- , white cells of 14.5 -LRB- 4.7-44.4 -RRB- , and nitrite of 22.0 -LRB- 0.7-746.3 -RRB- . Microscopy for white cells should not be used for the diagnosis of urinary tract infection because its accuracy is no better than that of dipstick , laboratory facilities are needed , and results are delayed . Rapid tests are negative in around 10 % of children with a urinary tract infection and can not replace urine culture . If resources allow , microscopy with Gram stain should be the single rapid test used . To review systematically and to summarize the existing literature regarding performance of rapid diagnostic tests for urinary tract infection -LRB- UTI -RRB- in children . Systematic review and meta-analysis . Published articles reporting the performance of urine dipstick tests -LRB- leukocyte esterase -LSB- LE -RSB- and/or nitrite -RRB- , Gram stain , or microscopic analysis of spun or unspun urine in the diagnosis of UTI in children < / = 12 years of age . Articles were identified through a comprehensive MEDLINE search , and those articles meeting a priori inclusion criteria were selected . Eligibility criteria included the use of urine culture as the reference standard , independent comparison of urine culture with the results of one of the screening tests , definition of positive screening test results provided , only pediatric patients included or evaluable separately , and both gold standard and screening test performed on all patients . For each test , heterogeneity of reported sensitivity and specificity of all studies was determined . The subgroups of studies with similar definitions of UTI and age of study subjects were analyzed separately to account for some of the differences in reported results . When significant unexplained heterogeneity among studies precluded simple combining of results , a summary receiver-operator characteristic curve was fitted for each screening test , from which pooled estimates of true-positive rate -LRB- TPR ; ie , sensitivity -RRB- and false-positive rate -LRB- FPR ; 1-specificity -RRB- were calculated . A total of 1489 titles were identified by the MEDLINE search ; 26 articles met all criteria for inclusion . There was significant heterogeneity among studies for nearly all tests for both TPR and FPR , which was explained only partially by the stringency of the definition of UTI or age of subjects studied . Based on the pooled estimates , the presence of any bacteria on Gram stain on an uncentrifuged urine specimen had the best combination of sensitivity -LRB- 0.93 -RRB- and FPR -LRB- 0.05 -RRB- . Urine dipstick tests performed nearly as well , with a sensitivity of 0.88 for the the presence of either LE or nitrite and an FPR of 0.04 for the presence of both LE and nitrite . Pyuria had lower TPR and higher FPR : for presence of > 5 white blood cells/high-power field in a centrifuged urine sample , the TPR was 0.67 and the FPR was 0.21 , whereas for > 10 white blood cells per mm -LRB- 3 -RRB- in uncentrifuged urine , the TPR was 0.77 and the FPR was 0.11 . Both Gram stain and dipstick analysis for nitrite and LE perform similarly in detecting UTI in children and are superior to microscopic analysis for pyuria . We prospectively assessed the feasibility of two urinary markers of renal injury as potential diagnostic tests for acute febrile urinary tract infection -LRB- UTI -RRB- and subsequent renal scarring . The patient cohort comprised children aged 0 to 4 years who visited the emergency room . The children were divided into three groups , namely , a febrile UTI -LRB- fUTI -RRB- , febrile control -LRB- FC -RRB- and a non-febrile control -LRB- NFC -RRB- group , respectively , which were matched for sex and age . An enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin -LRB- NGAL -RRB- and kidney injury molecule-1 -LRB- KIM-1 -RRB- was performed on urine collected from each child . The urine levels of both markers were compared between the three groups , and the diagnostic accuracy was determined based on the area under the receiver-operator characteristic curve -LRB- AUC -RRB- . In the fUTI group , the predictability of subsequent renal scarring was assessed by associating urinary levels with dimercaptosuccinic acid findings 6 months after an UTI episode . Significantly elevated levels of urinary NGAL and KIM-1 were observed in the fUTI group , as well as with increased urine esterase , serum C-reactive protein , and pyuria . The AUC was
We completed a phase 1/2 trial to evaluate the safety and potential efficacy of direct intravesical instillation of a botulinum type A toxin/dimethyl sulfoxide -LRB- DMSO -RRB- solution for treatment of idiopathic detrusor overactivity in women . Twenty-five women with medication-resistant , urodynamic-confirmed idiopathic detrusor overactivity were enrolled . A total of 9 patients were treated in phase 1 of the study . Three patients were given a 66 % dosing of solution ; 22 patients received the full 300 units of botulinum toxin and 50 mL of DMSO -LRB- 50 % concentration -RRB- . Adverse effects , 24-hour pad weights , episodes of incontinence , postvoid residuals , and scores on the Blaivas-Groutz anti-incontinence scale , Indevus Urgency Severity Scale , Incontinence Impact Questionnaire-short form , and Urogenital Distress Inventory -LRB- 6 items -RRB- questionnaire were recorded at baseline , 1 month , and 3 months after instillation . Median scores improved from baseline to 1 month on the Incontinence Impact Questionnaire -LRB- from 13 to 7 ; P = .007 -RRB- and Urogenital Distress Inventory -LRB- from 10 to 5 ; P = .003 -RRB- . Although 11 women -LRB- 52 % -RRB- reported severe urgency based on the Indevus Urgency Severity Scale at baseline , only 1 -LRB- 5 % ; P < .001 -RRB- and 3 -LRB- 14 % ; P = .004 -RRB- women reported severe scores at 1 and 3 months , respectively . Direct instillation of botulinum toxin/DMSO solution is safe . Its promising clinical effect warrants further evaluation in a randomized , placebo-controlled phase 3 setting .
Unrelieved postoperative pain may result in pain/suffering , as well as multiple physiological and psychological consequences -LRB- e.g. , splinting , impaired gastrointestinal motility/ileus , and impaired wound healing -RRB- which may adversely affect perioperative outcomes and contribute to increased length of stay . Multimodal or balanced analgesia , utilizing regional analgesic techniques -LRB- where possible -RRB- and nonopioid analgesics appear to represent a viable strategy to decrease systemic opioid consumption and improve postoperative analgesia . The use of multimodal analgesic strategies may result in reduced frequency and severity of unwanted opioid-related adverse effects , better clinically meaningful pain relief , diminished opioid consumption , and an overall improvement of patient satisfaction as well as health outcomes -LRB- e.g. , earlier ambulation and discharge -RRB- . Review key aspects of intravenous -LRB- i.v. -RRB- acetaminophen -LRB- APAP -RRB- use in the postoperative setting . Focused literature review . Intravenous APAP is safe , effective for mild-to-moderate postoperative pain , well-tolerated , and has a very favorable side effect profile with no clearly demonstrated clinically significant drug-drug interactions . It does not exhibit any significant effects on platelet aggregation and therefore may be the preferred nonopioid analgesic when surgical bleeding is an issue . The i.v. formulation of APAP represents a safe and effective first-line analgesic agent for the treatment of acute mild-to-moderate pain in the perioperative setting when oral agents may be impractical or when rapid onset with predictable therapeutic dosing is required . Intravenous acetaminophen has been approved in Europe and elsewhere for the treatment of acute pain and fever , and was recently approved by the US Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- for the management of mild to moderate pain , the management of moderate to severe pain with adjunctive opioid analgesics , and the reduction of fever . The aim of this work was to evaluate the analgesic efficacy and safety of repeated doses of 2 dosing regimens of intravenous acetaminophen compared with placebo over 24 hours in subjects with moderate to severe pain after abdominal laparoscopic surgery . This double-blind , placebo-controlled , parallel-group study was conducted at 17 sites in the United States and enrolled adult subjects -LRB- aged 18-80 years -RRB- who were randomized to 4 groups -LRB- IV acetaminophen 1000 mg -LSB- 100 mL -RSB- q6h ; IV acetaminophen 650 mg -LSB- 65 mL -RSB- q4h ; IV placebo 100 mL q6h ; or IV placebo 65 mL q4h -RRB- , each given as a 15-minute infusion after surgery for 24 hours . An open-label extension was offered to all subjects who remained in the hospital beyond the study period . Two subjects -LRB- 1 in the placebo 100 mL q6h group and 1 in the IV acetaminophen 1000 mg q6h group -RRB- were enrolled in the open-label extension and were eligible to receive unblinded IV acetaminophen 1000 mg . Before randomization , the choice of opioid for patient-controlled analgesia -LRB- PCA -RRB- rescue was left to the investigator ; however , acetaminophen-containing products , NSAIDs , and aspirin were not allowed . The morning after abdominal laparoscopic surgery procedure , subjects ' PCA was withheld until pain intensity -LRB- PI -RRB- was moderate -LRB- 2 -RRB- or severe -LRB- 3 -RRB- on a categorical scale -LRB- range , 0-3 -RRB- and between 40 and 70 mm , inclusive , on a 100-mm visual analog scale , at which point they were randomized . After the first dose of study medication , intravenous rescue was restricted to morphine or hydromorphone , and oral rescue was restricted to morphine or oxycodone immediate-release tablets . Efficacy analyses were performed using the modified intent-to-treat -LRB- mITT -RRB- population , defined as all randomized subjects who received ≥ 1 complete dose of study medication before requesting rescue medication , and who had ≥ 1 completed PI/pain relief -LRB- PR -RRB- assessment after baseline . The primary efficacy end point was the weighted sum of PI differences over 24 hours -LRB- SPID24 -RRB- using an ANCOVA model . Time to meaningful PR was documented after the first dose of study medication using a double-stopwatch method : at T0 , 2 stopwatches were started , and subjects were instructed to stop the first stopwatch when they felt perceptible PR and the second when it became meaningful . Safety was assessed via spontaneous adverse event -LRB- AE -RRB- reporting and laboratory tests . A total of 349 subjects were screened before elective surgery for eligibility . Of these , 244 subjects were randomized to a study arm -LRB- IV acetaminophen 1000 mg -LSB- n = 92 -RSB- ; IV acetaminophen 650 mg -LSB- n = 42 -RSB- ; IV placebo 100 mL -LSB- n = 43 -RSB- ; or IV placebo 65 mL -LSB- n = 67 -RSB- -RRB- and included in the ITT population , of whom 81.1 % -LRB- 198/244 -RRB- were women and 87.3 % -LRB- 213/244 -RRB- were white ; the mean -LRB- SD -RRB- age was 46.2 -LRB- 12.51 -RRB- years -LRB- range , 18-78 years -RRB- , and the mean weight was 174.3 -LRB- 35.7 -RRB- lb -LRB- range , 103-284 lb -RRB- . There was an allocation error in the contract research organization 's program linking group assignment and kit randomization ; therefore , the original randomization procedure was replaced with a modified randomization schedule created by an independent biostatistician under the supervision of the FDA . The mITT population included 241 subjects ; of these , 227 completed 24 hours of treatment . Four subjects withdrew before completing treatment because of AEs -LRB- 1 subject in the placebo group because of fever and 3 in the IV acetaminophen 1000 mg q6h group because of infusion-site pain -LSB- n = 1 -RSB- or infiltration -LSB- n = 2 -RSB- -RRB- , 8 because of withdrawal of consent , 2 because of early discharge from the hospital , and 2 for other reasons . Only 2 subjects participated in the elective open-label
We compared a population-tailored approach to primary care for homeless veterans with a usual care approach . We conducted a retrospective prolective cohort study of homeless veterans enrolled in a population-tailored primary care clinic matched to a historical sample in general internal medicine clinics . Overall , 177 patients were enrolled : 79 in the Homeless-Oriented Primary Care Clinic and 98 in general internal medicine primary care . Homeless-oriented primary care-enrolled patients had greater improvements in hypertension , diabetes , and lipid control , and primary care use was higher during the first 6 months -LRB- 5.96 visits per person vs 1.63 for general internal medicine -RRB- but stabilized to comparable rates during the second 6 months -LRB- 2.01 vs 1.31 , respectively -RRB- . Tailoring primary care to homeless veterans can decrease unnecessary ED use and medical admissions and improve chronic disease management . For many high-risk patients , accessing primary care is challenged by competing needs and priorities , socioeconomics , and other circumstances . The resulting lack of treatment engagement makes these vulnerable patient populations susceptible to poor health outcomes and an over-reliance on emergency department-based care . We describe a quasi-experimental pre-post study examining a vulnerable population-based application of the patient-centered medical home applied to four high-risk groups : homeless veterans , cognitively impaired elderly , women veterans and patients with serious mental illness . We measured 6-month primary care , emergency department and inpatient care use and chronic disease management when care was based in a general internal medicine clinic -LRB- 2006 -RRB- and in a population-specific medical home -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . Overall 457 patients were studied , assessing care use and outcomes for the last 6 months in each study year . Compared with 2006 , in 2008 there was a significant increase in primary care use -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- and improvement in chronic disease monitoring and diabetes control -LRB- 2006 HBA1C : 8.5 vs. 2008 HBA1C 6.9 -RRB- in all four groups . However , there was also an increase in both emergency department use and hospitalizations , albeit with shorter lengths of stay in 2008 compared with 2006 . Most of the increased utilization was driven by a small proportion of patients in each group . Tailoring the medical home model to the specific needs and challenges facing high-risk populations can increase primary care utilization and improve chronic disease monitoring and diabetes management . More work is needed in directing this care model to reducing emergency department and inpatient use . Ending homelessness among veterans has been a goal of the Department of Veterans Affairs for some time , and it is now becoming a reality in many communities . Unprecedented strides have been made through the rapid implementation of evidence-based innovations , capacity building , and a comprehensive strategic focus on 4 goals : prevention , moving veterans into permanent housing , providing the population-tailored care and services needed to keep them housed , and providing the supports necessary to allow them to recover and be productive members of their communities .
Cancer incidence and deaths in the United States were projected for the most common cancer types for the years 2020 and 2030 based on changing demographics and the average annual percentage changes in incidence and death rates . Breast , prostate , and lung cancers will remain the top cancer diagnoses throughout this time , but thyroid cancer will replace colorectal cancer as the fourth leading cancer diagnosis by 2030 , and melanoma and uterine cancer will become the fifth and sixth most common cancers , respectively . Lung cancer is projected to remain the top cancer killer throughout this time period . However , pancreas and liver cancers are projected to surpass breast , prostate , and colorectal cancers to become the second and third leading causes of cancer-related death by 2030 , respectively . Advances in screening , prevention , and treatment can change cancer incidence and/or death rates , but it will require a concerted effort by the research and healthcare communities now to effect a substantial change for the future . Increasing cancer incidence is typically interpreted as an increase in the true occurrence of disease but may also reflect changing pathological criteria or increased diagnostic scrutiny . Changes in the diagnostic approach to thyroid nodules may have resulted in an increase in the apparent incidence of thyroid cancer . To examine trends in thyroid cancer incidence , histology , size distribution , and mortality in the United States . Retrospective cohort evaluation of patients with thyroid cancer , 1973-2002 , using the Surveillance , Epidemiology , and End Results -LRB- SEER -RRB- program and data on thyroid cancer mortality from the National Vital Statistics System . Thyroid cancer incidence , histology , size distribution , and mortality . The incidence of thyroid cancer increased from 3.6 per 100,000 in 1973 to 8.7 per 100,000 in 2002-a 2.4-fold increase -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 2.2-2.6 ; P < .001 for trend -RRB- . There was no significant change in the incidence of the less common histological types : follicular , medullary , and anaplastic -LRB- P > .20 for trend -RRB- . Virtually the entire increase is attributable to an increase in incidence of papillary thyroid cancer , which increased from 2.7 to 7.7 per 100,000-a 2.9-fold increase -LRB- 95 % CI , 2.6-3.2 ; P < .001 for trend -RRB- . Between 1988 -LRB- the first year SEER collected data on tumor size -RRB- and 2002 , 49 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 47 % -51 % -RRB- of the increase consisted of cancers measuring 1 cm or smaller ; 87 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 85 % -89 % -RRB- consisted of cancers measuring 2 cm or smaller . Mortality from thyroid cancer was stable between 1973 and 2002 -LRB- approximately 0.5 deaths per 100,000 -RRB- . The increasing incidence of thyroid cancer in the United States is predominantly due to the increased detection of small papillary cancers . These trends , combined with the known existence of a substantial reservoir of subclinical cancer and stable overall mortality , suggest that increasing incidence reflects increased detection of subclinical disease , not an increase in the true occurrence of thyroid cancer . Thyroid nodules are a common clinical problem , and differentiated thyroid cancer is becoming increasingly prevalent . Since the American Thyroid Association 's -LRB- ATA 's -RRB- guidelines for the management of these disorders were revised in 2009 , significant scientific advances have occurred in the field . The aim of these guidelines is to inform clinicians , patients , researchers , and health policy makers on published evidence relating to the diagnosis and management of thyroid nodules and differentiated thyroid cancer . The specific clinical questions addressed in these guidelines were based on prior versions of the guidelines , stakeholder input , and input of task force members . Task force panel members were educated on knowledge synthesis methods , including electronic database searching , review and selection of relevant citations , and critical appraisal of selected studies . Published English language articles on adults were eligible for inclusion . The American College of Physicians Guideline Grading System was used for critical appraisal of evidence and grading strength of recommendations for therapeutic interventions . We developed a similarly formatted system to appraise the quality of such studies and resultant recommendations . The guideline panel had complete editorial independence from the ATA . Competing interests of guideline task force members were regularly updated , managed , and communicated to the ATA and task force members . The revised guidelines for the management of thyroid nodules include recommendations regarding initial evaluation , clinical and ultrasound criteria for fine-needle aspiration biopsy , interpretation of fine-needle aspiration biopsy results , use of molecular markers , and management of benign thyroid nodules . Recommendations regarding the initial management of thyroid cancer include those relating to screening for thyroid cancer , staging and risk assessment , surgical management , radioiodine remnant ablation and therapy , and thyrotropin suppression therapy using levothyroxine . Recommendations related to long-term management of differentiated thyroid cancer include those related to surveillance for recurrent disease using imaging and serum thyroglobulin , thyroid hormone therapy , management of recurrent and metastatic disease , consideration for clinical trials and targeted therapy , as well as directions for future research . We have developed evidence-based recommendations to inform clinical decision-making in the management of thyroid nodules and differentiated thyroid cancer . They represent , in our opinion , contemporary optimal care for patients with these disorders . Papillary microcarcinoma -LRB- PMC -RRB- of the thyroid generally follows a benign clinical course . However , treatment strategies remain controversial . According to our previous retrospective review of 178 patients with PMC who underwent surgery between 1976 and 1993 , the most significant risk factors affecting cancer-specific survival were clinical symptoms at presentation due to invasion or metastasis . Distant metastasis and cancer-specific
This study aimed to determine the prevalence of sleep apnea in children with PHP1a . Nineteen patients with PHP1a between the age of 2 and 21 years were enrolled prospectively using online advertisements . Parents completed a medical history and surveys to assess sleep behavior . In addition , 18 subjects were identified in a retrospective chart review of de-identified medical records with 2.3 million patient charts . In the retrospective chart review , 39 % had a history of sleep apnea versus 8.8 % of a similarly obese control group . In the combined analysis -LRB- n = 31 -RRB- , 52 % had a history of snoring and 45 % had a diagnosis of sleep apnea . Patients were obese with a mean BMI z-score of 2.20 ± 0.59 . Patients with sleep apnea were significantly younger than those without a diagnosis -LRB- 8.1 ± 5.4 vs. 12.8 ± 5.0 years , p = 0.02 -RRB- . Children with PHP1a have a 4.4-fold greater relative risk of sleep apnea than similarly obese children .
Several drug-related problem classification systems can be found in the literature . However , it is generally agreed that a comprehensive , well constructed and validated instrument is currently lacking . The aim of this study is the development and validation of a comprehensive treatment-related problems assessment and classification tool for use in teaching , practicing and researching pharmaceutical care and to improve identification , resolving and preventing of treatment-related problems . The development and validation involved five steps starting with literature search to define a treatment related problem and also to form a database of treatment-related problems identified in the literature . In the next step , all problems that were identified in the first step and passed the evaluation of the three authors were pooled together and then divided into groups according to their common or shared construct , in the third step a suitable assessment method was developed according to the construct of the different problems , in the next step the developed instrument was validated for content , internal and external validity . Finally the tool was finalized and tested for reproducibility and inter-rater agreement . The final validated version included six main categories for treatment-related problems -LRB- Indication , Effectiveness , Safety , Knowledge , Adherence and Miscellaneous -RRB- . These categories include a total of nine subcategories and a total of 29 treatment related problems . The treatment-related problems assessment and classification tool introduced in this paper was applied to actual patient cases and proved to be valid . This tool also has several features that are new . Stroke is a major cause of disability and one of the leading causes of death among the elderly . Treatment related problems can lead to undesirable consequences . The Medication Management Review -LRB- MMR -RRB- service is aimed at identifying , resolving and preventing TRPs , subsiding the undesirable outcomes associated with TRPs . To explore the types , frequencies and severity of TRPs amongst post-stroke patients recruited through hospitals via conducting the MMR service by clinical pharmacists in Jordan . Associations between patient factors and the identified TRPs were explored . This cross-sectional descriptive study was conducted over three months in 2017 in different geographical areas throughout Jordan . Randomly recruited patients were interviewed at the hospitals to collect their demographic data and clinical characteristics . Types/frequencies/severity of TRPs for each stroke patient were identified by a clinical pharmacist . Associations between the identified TRPs and patient 's factors were explored through multiple regression analysis.Key findings : Out of 198 stroke patients -LRB- mean age : 56.6 ± 14.2 -RRB- who completed the study , 110 -LRB- 55.6 % -RRB- were males . Many of the patients -LRB- 82 -LRB- 41.6 % -RRB- -RRB- were smokers and 61 -LRB- 69.2 % -RRB- had hypertension and/or diabetes . The mean number of TRPs per patient was 2.5 ± 1.1 . The most common TRP categories involved efficacy issues -LRB- 198 -LRB- 40.6 % -RRB- -RRB- , inappropriate drug adherence -LRB- 136 -LRB- 27.9 % -RRB- -RRB- and inappropriate patient knowledge -LRB- 114 -LRB- 23.4 % -RRB- -RRB- . More than 70.0 % -LRB- 342/487 -RRB- of the identified TRPs were of major severity . Higher number of TRPs was found to be associated with being a male , having a lower educational level , being a current smoker , having a higher number of drugs and a poorer quality of life . Lack of drug efficacy , inappropriate drug adherence and patient knowledge were the major TRPs identified via delivering the MMR service to post-stroke patients . The identified TRPs highlights the importance of the MMR service , and supports planning future strategies aimed at decreasing the incidence of strokes . Clinical pharmacy service has evolved steadily over the past few decades and is contributing to the ` patient care journey ' at all stages . The service improves safety and effectiveness of medicines , thereby avoiding medication errors . As part of this global shift in pharmacy education and practice , Ethiopian Universities revamped the undergraduate pharmacy curriculum and the first graduates came out in July 2013 . These graduates were immediately deployed in public hospital settings , with the ultimate aim of providing clinical pharmacy services . A cross-sectional survey using self-administered questionnaire was conducted in six regions and one-city administration of the country . Physicians , Health officers and Nurses working along with the new pharmacy graduates formed the study population . Data were entered , cleaned and analyzed using appropriate statistical tools . Majority of the health care providers agreed that clinical pharmacy service could have a significant contribution to the patient care . A large proportion of them -LRB- 70-90 % -RRB- had a positive attitude , although there appeared to be some differences across professions . About 50 % of the professionals were of the opinion that patient care should be left to the health care providers and pharmacists should concentrate on drug products . In addition , the same proportion of respondents said that the setup in their respective hospital was appropriate for provision of clinical pharmacy service . Multivariable analysis indicated that attitude of the health care providers was significantly associated with year of experience . A large proportion of the health care providers had positive attitude towards the service , although the extent of the service was below their expectation . Hence , efforts should be in place to organize continuous professional training for pharmacists and awareness creation forums for other healthcare professionals . Because of concerns about patient safety and the quality of health care in America , in particular about drug therapy , pharmacists have unprecedented opportunities to increase their value and significance . When defining clinical pharmacy and pharmaceutical care , pharmacists long ago recognized the need to improve the safety and effectiveness of drug therapy . To describe how clinical pharmacy and pharmaceutical care , closely related concepts , can contribute to
This study sought to determine whether ablation of recently described stable atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- sources , either directly by Focal Impulse and Rotor Modulation -LRB- FIRM -RRB- or coincidentally when anatomic ablation passes through AF sources , may explain long-term freedom from AF . It is unclear why conventional anatomic AF ablation can be effective in some patients yet ineffective in others with similar profiles . The CONFIRM -LRB- Conventional Ablation for AF With or Without Focal Impulse and Rotor Modulation -RRB- trial prospectively revealed stable AF rotors or focal sources in 98 of 101 subjects with AF at 107 consecutive ablation cases . In 1:2 fashion , subjects received targeted source ablation -LRB- FIRM -RRB- followed by conventional ablation , or conventional ablation alone . We determined whether ablation lesions on electroanatomic maps passed through AF sources on FIRM maps . Subjects who completed follow-up -LRB- n = 94 ; 71.2 % with persistent AF -RRB- showed 2.3 ± 1.1 concurrent AF rotors or focal sources that lay near pulmonary veins -LRB- 22.8 % -RRB- , left atrial roof -LRB- 16.0 % -RRB- , and elsewhere in the left -LRB- 28.2 % -RRB- and right -LRB- 33.0 % -RRB- atria . AF sources were ablated directly in 100 % of FIRM cases and coincidentally -LRB- e.g. , left atrial roof -RRB- in 45 % of conventional cases -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . During a median -LRB- interquartile range -RRB- of 273 days -LRB- 138 to 636 days -RRB- after one procedure , AF was absent in 80.3 % of patients if sources were ablated but in only 18.2 % of patients if sources were missed -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . Elimination of stable AF rotors and focal sources may explain freedom from AF after diverse approaches to ablation . Patient-specific AF source distributions are consistent with the reported success of specific anatomic lesion sets and of widespread ablation . These results support targeting AF sources to reduce unnecessary ablation , and motivate studies on FIRM-only ablation . There is mounting evidence to support the influence of inflammation in the pathogenesis of atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- . Indeed , AF is associated with increased levels of known inflammatory markers , even after adjustment for confounding factors . The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system -LRB- RAAS -RRB- appears to play a key role in this process . Atrial biopsies from patients with AF have also confirmed the presence of inflammation . Furthermore , there is preliminary evidence to support a number of drug therapies that have the potential to reduce the clinical burden of AF . In this review , we present an overview of the evidence supporting a link between inflammation and AF , and some of the drug therapies , such as the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors , angiotensin II receptor blockers , steroids , fish oils , and vitamin C , that might be efficacious in the prevention of AF by modulating inflammatory pathways . Recent evidence suggests that atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- adversely affects endothelial function . The goal of this study was to assess endothelial function in patients with AF before and after restoration of sinus rhythm by catheter ablation -LRB- ABL -RRB- . Reactive hyperemia peripheral arterial tonometry -LRB- RH-PAT -RRB- measurements reflecting endothelial function were conducted with Endo-PAT2000 -LRB- Itamar Medical , Caesarea , Israel -RRB- in 27 patients with persistent AF before ABL and in 21 control subjects with sinus rhythm -LRB- SR -RRB- . According to cardiac rhythm on the morning after ABL , patients were divided into two groups : day 1-restored SR group -LRB- n = 19 -RRB- and day 1-recurred AF group -LRB- n = 8 -RRB- . Based on the cardiac rhythm at 6 months after ABL , the restored SR group was further subdivided into the month 6-maintained SR group -LRB- n = 11 -RRB- and the month 6-recurred AF group -LRB- n = 6 -RRB- . Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that persistent AF was the only independent predictor of impaired endothelial function defined as loge RHI < 0.6 -LRB- odds ratio , 4.96 ; 95 % CI , 1.2 to 21.3 ; p < 0.05 -RRB- . Loge RHI was significantly higher after ABL than before ABL -LRB- 0.53 ± 0.20 ; 0.73 ± 0.25 ; p < 0.01 -RRB- in the day 1-restored SR group . Loge RHI of the month 6-maintained SR group was comparable to that of the day 1-restored SR group . These results suggest that AF is associated with impairment of endothelial dysfunction and that this impairment is reversed by restoration of sinus rhythm .
To design and validate a questionnaire to measure visual symptoms related to exposure to computers in the workplace . Our computer vision syndrome questionnaire -LRB- CVS-Q -RRB- was based on a literature review and validated through discussion with experts and performance of a pretest , pilot test , and retest . Content validity was evaluated by occupational health , optometry , and ophthalmology experts . Rasch analysis was used in the psychometric evaluation of the questionnaire . Criterion validity was determined by calculating the sensitivity and specificity , receiver operator characteristic curve , and cutoff point . Test-retest repeatability was tested using the intraclass correlation coefficient -LRB- ICC -RRB- and concordance by Cohen 's kappa -LRB- κ -RRB- . The CVS-Q was developed with wide consensus among experts and was well accepted by the target group . It assesses the frequency and intensity of 16 symptoms using a single rating scale -LRB- symptom severity -RRB- that fits the Rasch rating scale model well . The CVS-Q has acceptable psychometric properties , making it a valid and reliable tool to control the visual health of computer workers , and can potentially be used in clinical trials and outcome research . To develop and evaluate the measurement properties of child-report and parent-proxy versions of the Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System -LRB- PROMIS -RRB- Pediatric Sleep Disturbance and Sleep-Related Impairment item banks . A national sample of 1104 children -LRB- 8-17 years old -RRB- and 1477 parents of children 5-17 years old was recruited from an internet panel to evaluate the psychometric properties of 43 sleep health items . A convenience sample of children and parents recruited from a pediatric sleep clinic was obtained to provide evidence of the measures ' validity ; polysomnography data were collected from a subgroup of these children . Factor analyses suggested two dimensions : sleep disturbance and daytime sleep-related impairment . The final item banks included 15 items for Sleep Disturbance and 13 for Sleep-Related Impairment . Of the 28 items , 16 are included in the parallel PROMIS adult sleep health measures . Reliability of the measures exceeded 0.90 . Validity was supported by correlations with existing measures of pediatric sleep health and higher sleep disturbance and sleep-related impairment scores for children with sleep problems and those with chronic and neurodevelopmental disorders . The sleep health measures were not correlated with results from polysomnography . The PROMIS Pediatric Sleep Disturbance and Sleep-Related Impairment item banks provide subjective assessments of child 's difficulty falling and staying asleep as well as daytime sleepiness and its impact on functioning . They may prove useful in the future for clinical research and practice . Future research should evaluate their responsiveness to clinical change in diverse patient populations . The Spence Children 's Anxiety Scale -LRB- SCAS -RRB- is a child self-report measure designed to evaluate symptoms relating to separation anxiety , social phobia , obsessive-compulsive disorder , panic-agoraphobia , generalized anxiety and fears of physical injury . The results of confirmatory and exploratory factor analyses supported six factors consistent with the hypothesized diagnostic categories . There was support also for a model in which the 1st-order factors loaded significantly on a single 2nd-order factor of anxiety in general . The internal consistency of the total score and subscales was high and 6 month test-retest reliability was acceptable . The SCAS correlated strongly with a frequently used child self-report measure of anxiety .
We completed a phase I trial of indole-3-carbinol -LRB- I3C -RRB- in 17 women -LRB- 1 postmenopausal and 16 premenopausal -RRB- from a high-risk breast cancer cohort . After a 4-week placebo run-in period , subjects ingested 400 mg I3C daily for 4 weeks followed by a 4-week period of 800 mg I3C daily . These chronic doses were tolerated well by all subjects . Hormonal variables were measured near the end of the placebo and dosing periods , including determination of the urinary 2-hydroxyestrone/16alpha-hydroxyestrone ratio . Measurements were made during the follicular phase for premenopausal women . Serum estradiol , progesterone , luteinizing hormone , follicle-stimulating hormone , and sex hormone binding globulin showed no significant changes in response to I3C . Caffeine was used to probe for cytochrome P450 1A2 -LRB- CYP1A2 -RRB- , N-acetyltransferase-2 -LRB- NAT-2 -RRB- , and xanthine oxidase . Comparing the results from the placebo and the 800 mg daily dose period , CYP1A2 was elevated by I3C in 94 % of the subjects , with a mean increase of 4.1-fold . In subjects with high NAT-2 activities , these were decreased to 11 % by I3C administration but not altered if NAT-2 activity was initially low . Xanthine oxidase was not affected . Lymphocyte glutathione S-transferase activity was increased by 69 % in response to I3C . The apparent induction of CYP1A2 was mirrored by a 66 % increase in the urinary 2-hydroxyestrone/16alpha-hydroxyestrone ratio in response to I3C . The maximal increase was observed with the 400 mg daily dose of I3C , with no further increase found at 800 mg daily . If the ratio of hydroxylated estrone metabolites is a biomarker for chemoprevention , as suggested , then 400 mg I3C daily will elicit a maximal protective effect . Dietary indoles , present in Brassica plants such as cabbage , broccoli , and Brussels sprouts , have been shown to provide potential protection against hormone-dependent cancers . 3,3 ' - Diindolylmethane -LRB- DIM -RRB- is under study as one of the main protective indole metabolites . Postmenopausal women aged 50-70 yr from Marin County , California , with a history of early-stage breast cancer , were screened for interest and eligibility in this pilot study on the effect of absorbable DIM -LRB- BioResponse-DIM -RRB- supplements on urinary hormone metabolites . The treatment group received daily DIM -LRB- 108 mg DIM/day -RRB- supplements for 30 days , and the control group received a placebo capsule daily for 30 days . Urinary metabolite analysis included 2-hydroxyestrone -LRB- 2-OHE1 -RRB- , 16-alpha hydroxyestrone -LRB- 16alpha-OHE1 -RRB- , DIM , estrone -LRB- El -RRB- , estradiol -LRB- E2 -RRB- , estriol -LRB- E3 -RRB- , 6beta-hydroxycortisol -LRB- 6beta-OHC -RRB- , and cortisol in the first morning urine sample before intervention and 31 days after intervention . Nineteen women completed the study , for a total of 10 in the treatment group and 9 in the placebo group . 020 -RRB- , DIM -LRB- P = 0 . In this pilot study , DIM increased the 2-hydroxylation of estrogen urinary metabolites . Sixty women at increased risk for breast cancer were enrolled in a placebo-controlled , double-blind dose-ranging chemoprevention study of indole-3-carbinol -LRB- I3C -RRB- . Fifty-seven of these women with a mean age of 47 years -LRB- range 22-74 -RRB- completed the study . Each woman took a placebo capsule or an I3C capsule daily for a total of 4 weeks ; none of the women experienced any significant toxicity effects . The urinary estrogen metabolite ratio of 2-hydroxyestrone to 16 alpha-hydroxyestrone , as determined by an ELISA assay , served as the surrogate endpoint biomarker -LRB- SEB -RRB- . Perturbation in the levels of SEB from baseline was comparable among women in the control -LRB- C -RRB- group and the 50 , 100 , and 200 mg low-dose -LRB- LD -RRB- group . Similarly , it was comparable among women in the 300 and 400 mg high-dose -LRB- HD -RRB- group . Regression analysis showed that peak relative change of SEB for women in the HD group was significantly greater than that for women in the C and LD groups by an amount that was inversely related to baseline ratio ; the difference at the median baseline ratio was 0.48 with 95 % confidence interval -LRB- 0.30 , 0.67 -RRB- . No other factors , such as age and menopausal status , were found to be significant in the regression analysis . The results in this study suggest that I3C at a minimum effective dose schedule of 300 mg per day is a promising chemopreventive agent for breast cancer prevention . A larger study to validate these results and to identify an optimal effective dose schedule of I3C for long-term breast cancer chemoprevention will be necessary .
There is little information about factors modulating bone mineral density -LRB- BMD -RRB- in survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia -LRB- ALL -RRB- . We analyzed data from 57 survivors -LRB- 26 male , 52 Caucasian -RRB- who underwent two serial quantitative computed tomography -LRB- QCT -RRB- studies of BMD . Using multiple linear regression , we evaluated the association of BMD change with demographic variables , treatment history , hormone therapy , exercise , and tobacco and alcohol use . The median age was 3.4 years -LRB- range , 0.9-17.4 years -RRB- at diagnosis of ALL ; the median age at the first QCT -LRB- Study I -RRB- was 15.0 years -LRB- range , 10.6-31.0 years -RRB- and at the second QCT -LRB- Study II -RRB- was 18.2 years -LRB- range , 14.2-35.3 years -RRB- . Mean height increased 4.7 cm and mean weight increased 8.8 kg between Studies I and II . Factors independently associated with unfavorable BMD changes included older age at diagnosis -LRB- P = 0.001 -RRB- , female sex -LRB- P = 0.018 -RRB- , and nutritional supplementation -LRB- 0.032 -RRB- . Alcohol -LRB- P = 0.009 -RRB- was an unfavorable factor in a univariable analysis . Bone mineral accretion during adolescence is attenuated in childhood ALL survivors by a comparative deficit in trabecular versus cortical bone deposition . BMD is influenced favorably by exercise in early adolescence and unfavorably by the use of nutritional supplements and alcohol . These results provide new information about behavioral factors that affect bone accrual in survivors of childhood ALL and warrant definitive evaluation in a larger cohort . Attrition in longitudinal studies of survivors of childhood cancer reduces these studies ' statistical power , introduces bias and threatens internal and external validity . This study investigated the variables associated with dropout of survivors of acute lymphoblastic leukemia in a trial investigating the effect of vitamin D and calcium supplementation and nutritional counseling on bone mineral density -LRB- BMD -RRB- . Twenty-five participants withdrew from the study . Common reasons given for withdrawing were intolerance of the study drug , family hardship and schedule conflicts . Few statistically and clinically significant differences identified participants who completed the study . Nurses need to be aware of the reasons that participants withdraw from clinical trials , as they are in a strategic position to encourage patients to participate in health promotion studies .
We performed a randomized , double-blind , double-dummy , placebo -LRB- PL -RRB- - controlled , four-way crossover trial in subjects with seasonal allergic rhinitis out of season . Subjects were randomized to receive 1 week pretreatment with intranasal PL and intraocular -LRB- PL/PL -RRB- , intranasal PL and intraocular olopatadine -LRB- PL/OLO -RRB- , intranasal fluticasone furoate -LRB- FF -RRB- and intraocular PL -LRB- FF/PL -RRB- , and the combination -LRB- FF/OLO -RRB- . Subjects then underwent NAC on 2 consecutive days . The number of sneezes and nasal and ocular symptoms were recorded , and levels of tryptase and histamine were measured in nasal lavages . There was a reduction in eye symptoms on the 2nd day of challenge from 6.0 after PL/PL to 0 after FF/PL -LRB- p = 0.001 -RRB- , 2.5 after PL/OLO -LRB- p = 0.3 -RRB- , and 1.5 after FF/OLO -LRB- p = 0.003 -RRB- . Furthermore , there was no significant difference between the response after FF/PL versus FF/OLO and a significant difference between FF/PL and PL/OLO -LRB- p = 0.02 -RRB- . Levels of tryptase followed a similar trend . The number of eosinophils in nasal lavages on the 2nd day of challenge were also reduced by the treatment arms containing FF compared with PL . Our data confirm the existence of a nasal ocular reflex after NAC . OLO alone or the addition of OLO to FF does not impact ocular symptoms caused by the naso-ocular reflex , suggesting that mast cells are not activated to release histamine in the conjunctiva during this process .
The follicular microenvironment is an important determinant of oocyte development . The aim of this study was to examine whether the myo-inositol -LRB- MI -RRB- content in human follicular fluid -LRB- FF -RRB- was associated with better oocyte quality . A total of 53 patients treated with IVF was recruited to a prospective observational study . FF and serum samples collected were divided into two groups : group A consisted of FF associated with matured and fertilized oocytes , whilst group B was from follicles with immature and unfertilized oocytes . Patient 's age , total ampoules of HMG used , days of stimulation , basal levels of FSH , estradiol -LRB- E -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- levels on the day of HCG , and serum MI content were not significantly different between the two groups . FF volume and its MI content were significantly higher in group A compared with group B -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . The levels of MI in FF were positively correlated with the amount of E -LRB- 2 -RRB- in their corresponding FF samples and also correlated with embryo quality . We propose that higher concentrations of MI and E -LRB- 2 -RRB- in human FF appear to play a role in follicular maturity and provide a marker of good quality oocytes . Several factors can affect oocyte quality and therefore pregnancy outcome in assisted reproductive technology -LRB- ART -RRB- cycles . Recently , a number of studies have shown that the presence of several compounds in the follicular fluid positively correlates with oocyte quality and maturation -LRB- i.e. , myo-inositol and melatonin -RRB- . In the present study , we aim to evaluate the pregnancy outcomes after the administration of myo-inositol combined with melatonin in women who failed to conceive in previous in vitro fertilization -LRB- IVF -RRB- cycles due to poor oocyte quality . Forty-six women were treated with 4 g/day myo-inositol and 3 mg/day melatonin -LRB- inofolic ® and inofolic ® Plus , Lo.Lipharma , Rome -RRB- for 3 months and then underwent a new IVF cycle . After treatment , the number of mature oocytes , the fertilization rate , the number of both , total and top-quality embryos transferred were statistically higher compared to the previous IVF cycle , while there was no difference in the number of retrieved oocyte . After treatment , a total of 13 pregnancies occurred , 9 of them were confirmed echographically ; four evolved in spontaneous abortion . The treatment with myo-inositol and melatonin improves ovarian stimulation protocols and pregnancy outcomes in infertile women with poor oocyte quality . The aim of the study was to evaluate the efficacy of a treatment with myo-inositol plus folic acid plus melatonin compared with myo-inositol plus folic acid alone on oocyte quality in women underwent in vitro fertilization -LRB- IVF -RRB- cycles . A prospective , clinical trial . Starting on the day of GnRH administration , 65 women undergoing IVF cycles were randomized in two groups to receive myo-inositol plus folic acid plus melatonin -LRB- 32 women , group A -RRB- , and myo-inositol plus folic acid -LRB- 33 women , group B -RRB- , administered continuously . Primary endpoints were number of morphologically mature oocytes retrieved -LRB- MII oocytes -RRB- , embryo quality , and pregnancy rate . Secondary endpoints were the total number of oocytes retrieved -LRB- immature and mature oocytes -RRB- , fertilization rate per number of retrieved oocytes and embryo cleavage rate . The mean number of oocytes retrieved did not differ between the two groups -LRB- 7.88 + / - 1.76 vs 7.67 + / - 1.88 ; P = 0.65 -RRB- . Whereas the group cotreated with melatonin reported a significantly greater mean number of mature oocytes -LRB- 6.56 + / - 1.64 vs 5.76 + / - 1.56 ; P = 0.047 -RRB- and a lower mean number of immature oocytes -LRB- 1.31 + / - 0.74 vs. 1.91 + / - 0.68 ; P = 0.001 -RRB- . The mean number of embyos of top-quality -LRB- class 1 and 2 -RRB- resulted higher in the group A -LRB- 1.69 + / - 0.64 vs 1.24 + / - 0.75 ; P = 0.01 -RRB- . Fertilization rate did not differ between the two groups . A total of 22 pregnancies were obtained -LRB- 13 in group A and 9 in group B ; P = 0.26 -RRB- . Clinical pregnancy rate and implantation rate were in tendency higher in the group cotreated with melatonin , although the differences did not reach statistical significance . Biochemical pregnancy rate and abortion rate were similar in both groups . melatonin ameliorates the activity of myo-inositol and folic acid by improving oocyte quality and pregnancy outcome in women with low oocyte quality history . Myo-inositol is involved in several aspects of human reproduction . Elevated concentrations of myo-inositol in human follicular fluids appear to play a positive function in follicular maturity and provide a marker of good quality oocytes . Nevertheless its positive role in PCOS women is a consequence of a defect in the insulin signaling pathway -LRB- inositol-containing phosphoglycan mediators -RRB- that seems to be primarily implicated in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance . This article will review the involvement of inositol in female reproduction . After describing the biologic function of inositol and its derivatives , studies are quoted in which the role of inositol in fertility , oogenesis , and polycystic ovary syndrome are examined . To determine the effects of myo-inositol on oocyte quality in polycystic ovary syndrome -LRB- PCOS -RRB- patients undergoing intracytoplasmic sperm injection -LRB- ICSI -RRB- cycles . A prospective , controlled , randomized trial . Assisted reproduction centers . Sixty infertile PCO patients undergoing ovulation induction for ICSI . All participants underwent standard long protocol . Starting on the day of GnRH administration , 30 participants received myo-inositol combined with folic acid -LRB- Inofolic -RRB- 2 g twice a day and
New immunosuppression protocols have resulted in decreased rates of biopsy-proven acute rejection ; however , it is unclear whether recipients without biopsy-proven acute rejection are still at risk for immune complication and chronic allograft dysfunction . The aim of our studies was to determine whether pretransplant immune parameters were associated with posttransplant early acute rejection , unstable creatinine courses , and poor graft outcome . Immune parameters , including human leukocyte antigen -LRB- HLA -RRB- mismatch , HLA-specific antibodies , global CD4 + cellular response as measured by intracellular adenosine triphosphate -LRB- iATP -RRB- synthesis , and IFN-gamma precursor frequencies to donor or third-party cells as measured by ELISPOT were determined for a total of 126 kidney recipients treated with a protocol , including rapid discontinuation of prednisone . The donor specific pretransplant parameters of HLA class I mismatches -LRB- P = 0.04 -RRB- and total HLA mismatches -LRB- P = 0.04 -RRB- with the donor as well as the pretransplant HLA-donor specific antibodies -LRB- P = 0.002 -RRB- were associated with biopsy-proven acute rejection . Recipients with a pretransplant iATP value greater than 375 ng/ml were 3.67 times more likely to experience acute rejection -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- . Pretransplant assessment of donor specific and nonspecific immune parameters may identify recipients who can benefit from closer clinical and immunological surveillance to allow for tailored immunsuppression and selective intervention aimed at optimizing both short and long-term graft outcome .
Before a meta-analysis by Hoffman et al was published , polyurethane dressings were used at insertion sites for peripheral i.v. catheters at our institution . On the basis of the results of the meta-analysis , we began to use gauze dressings . The purpose of this study was to compare the effects of the use of transparent polyurethane dressings and gauze dressings at insertion sites for peripheral i.v. catheters on the frequency of phlebitis , infiltration , and catheter dislodgment by patients . The frequency of catheter dislodgment by the patient was significantly higher -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- in patients with the gauze dressing -LRB- 15 % -RRB- than in patients with the transparent polyurethane dressing -LRB- 6 % -RRB- . A trend toward lower frequencies of phlebitis -LRB- 1.8 % vs 3.3 % -RRB- and infiltration -LRB- 17.6 % vs 20.7 % -RRB- was noted in the patients with the transparent polyurethane dressings . The clinical advantages of the transparent polyurethane dressings lie in the ease of direct visualization of the i.v. insertion site and the securement of the i.v. catheter . At our institution , given the decreased disruption of the i.v. therapy with the transparent polyurethane dressings and the lack of differences in the rates of phlebitis or infiltration with the two types of dressings , we prefer to use transparent polyurethane rather than gauze dressings at insertion sites for peripheral i.v. catheters .
Nineteen people without prior history of documented heart disease were studied for 8 months to determine the effect of treatment based on an immunologic unified theory of vascular disease . Subjects underwent myocardial perfusion imaging to quantify the extent and severity of coronary artery disease , along with assessment of wall motion abnormalities and ejection fraction by both nuclear and echocardiographic methods . These tests were repeated at the end of the study . Treatment consisted of dietary changes , treatment of cholesterol , triglycerides , homocysteine , lipoprotein -LRB- a -RRB- , fibrinogen , C-reactive protein , and infection . Patients who followed the dietary recommendations demonstrated statistically reduced disease in all three major coronary arteries , whereas those individuals who followed high-protein diets demonstrated statistically greater levels of disease . Over 60 % of Americans are overweight and a number of popular diets have been advocated , often without evidence , to alleviate this public health hazard . This study was designed to investigate the effects of several diets on weight loss , serum lipids , and other cardiovascular disease risk factors . One hundred men and women followed one of four dietary programs for 1 year : a moderate-fat -LRB- MF -RRB- program without calorie restriction -LRB- 28 patients -RRB- ; a low-fat -LRB- LF -RRB- diet -LRB- phase I -RRB- -LRB- 16 -RRB- ; a MF , calorie-controlled -LRB- phase II -RRB- diet -LRB- 38 patients -RRB- ; and a high-fat -LRB- HF -RRB- diet -LRB- 18 subjects -RRB- -LSB- corrected -RSB- . Weight , total cholesterol -LRB- TC -RRB- , low-density lipoprotein cholesterol -LRB- LDL-C -RRB- , high-density lipoprotein cholesterol -LRB- HDL-C -RRB- , triglycerides -LRB- TG -RRB- , homocysteine -LRB- Ho -RRB- , and lipoprotein -LRB- a -RRB- -LSB- Lp -LRB- a -RRB- -RSB- , were measured every 4th month . The TC/HDL-C ratio was calculated and fibrinogen levels were measured at baseline and after one year . The MF diet resulted in a 2.6 % -LRB- NS -RRB- decrease in weight compared with 18.4 % -LRB- p = 0.045 -RRB- decrease in patients on phase I , 12.6 % -LRB- p = 0.0085 -RRB- decrease in patients on phase II , and 13.7 % -LRB- p = 0.025 -RRB- decrease in those on the HF diet . TC was reduced by 5 % -LRB- NS -RRB- in the MF group , 39.1 % -LRB- p = 0.0005 -RRB- in the phase I group , and 30.4 % -LRB- p = 0.0001 -RRB- in the phase II group . HF group had a 4.3 % -LRB- NS -RRB- increase in TC . LDL-C was reduced by 6.1 % -LRB- NS -RRB- on MF , 52.0 % -LRB- p = 0.0001 -RRB- on phase I , and 38.8 % -LRB- p = 0.0001 -RRB- on phase II . Patients on HF had a 6.0 % -LRB- NS -RRB- increase in LDL-C . There were nonsignificant reductions in HDL-C in those on MF -LRB- -1.5 % -RRB- and HF -LRB- -5.8 % -RRB- . Patients on phase I showed an increase in HDL-C of 9.0 % -LRB- NS -RRB- , while those on phase II diet had a 3.6 % increase -LRB- NS -RRB- in HDL-C . TC/HDL-C increased -LRB- 9.8 % -RRB- only in patients following the high-fat diets -LRB- NS -RRB- . Patients on MF had a 5.3 % -LRB- NS -RRB- reduction in TC/HDL-C , while those on LF had significant reductions on the phase I -LRB- -45.8 % ; p = 0.0001 -RRB- diet and phase II diet -LRB- -34.7 % ; p = 0.0001 -RRB- . Ho levels increased by 9.7 % when people followed the MF diet and by 12.4 % when they followed the HF diet . Patients following the phase I and phase II diets showed reductions of 13.6 % and 14.6 % , respectively . Only those following phase II diets showed a tendency toward significant improvement -LRB- p = 0.061 -RRB- . Lp -LRB- a -RRB- levels increased by 4.7 % following the MF -LRB- NS -RRB- diet and by 31.0 % -LRB- NS -RRB- on the HF diet . Patients following phase I showed a 7.4 % -LRB- NS -RRB- reduction and a 10.8 % reduction -LRB- NS -RRB- following phase II . Fibrinogen levels increased only in individuals following HF diets -LRB- 11.9 % -RRB- , while patients following MF -LRB- -0.6 % -RRB- , phase I -LRB- -11.0 % -RRB- , and phase II -LRB- -6.3 % -RRB- diets showed nonsignificant reductions in fibrinogen . Patients on MF demonstrated nonsignificant reductions in weight , LDL-C , TC , HDL-C , TC/HDL-C ratios , and fibrinogen and nonsignificant increases in TGs , Lp -LRB- a -RRB- , and homocysteine . There was significant weight loss in patients on phase I and II and HF diets after 1 year . Reductions in TC , LDL-C , TGs , and TC/HDL ratios were significant only in patients either following a LF diet or a MF , calorically reduced diet . Only patients following HF diets showed a worsening of each cardiovascular disease risk factor -LRB- LDL-C , TG , TC , HDL-C , TC/HDL ratio , Ho , Lp -LRB- a -RRB- , and fibrinogen -RRB- , despite achieving statistically significant weight loss .
This study assessed the thermoregulatory responses of hemodialysis patients under four different hemodialysis protocols : a -RRB- one typical dialysis -LRB- TD -RRB- protocol -LRB- dialysate temperature at 37 °C -RRB- , b -RRB- one cold dialysis -LRB- CD -RRB- protocol -LRB- dialysate temperature at 35 °C -RRB- , c -RRB- one typical dialysis protocol which included a single exercise bout -LRB- TD + E -RRB- , d -RRB- one cold dialysis protocol which included a single exercise bout -LRB- CD + E -RRB- . Ten hemodialysis patients -LRB- 57.2 ± 14.9 years -RRB- participated in this randomized , cross-over study . Core and skin temperatures were measured using an ingestible telemetric pill and by four wireless iButtons attached on the skin , respectively . The TD and TD + E protocols were associated with increased S leading to moderate effect size increases in core body temperature -LRB- as high as 0.4 °C -RRB- . The low temperature of the dialysate during the CD and the CD + E protocols prevented the rise in S and core temperature -LRB- p > 0.05 -RRB- , even during the period that IET took place .
The objective of the study is to estimate the incidence and risk factors of axillary web syndrome -LRB- AWS -RRB- in early postoperative period -LRB- 45 days -RRB- . From the prospective cohort of women undergoing breast cancer surgery , we collected the variables related to patient characteristics , treatment , tumor , and postoperative complications . We performed bivariate and logistic regression . A total of 193 patients are included with a mean age of 58.26 years , majority of which are women who are overweight or obese -LRB- 72.3 % -RRB- . The incidence of AWS was 28.1 % . The presence of pain in the ipsilateral upper-limb associated with AWS was reported in 5.4 % of the patients , and the shoulder joint restriction was observed in 11.4 % . When controlling for confounding between AWS and the factors that showed statistical significance in bivariate analysis , the variables that explain the occurrence of the AWS were the type of axillary surgery , where women who underwent sentinel lymph node biopsy showed 68 % less risk compared with those that underwent axillary lymphadenectomy -LRB- AL -RRB- -LRB- RR = 0.32 ; 95 % CI , 0.13-0.79 ; P value = 0.014 -RRB- and numbness in the arm after an injury of the intercostobrachial nerve , which is 3.19 times the risk of the AWS -LRB- RR = 3.19 ; 95 % CI , 1.40-7.29 , P value = 0.006 -RRB- . From the above findings , we concluded that the incidence of AWS was 28.1 % , and it was associated with AL and numbness in the arm after injury of the intercostobrachial nerve . Surgery is a mainstay of primary breast cancer therapy . Alterations in surgical technique have reduced normal tissue injury , yet pain and functional compromise continue to occur following treatment . A tenuous evidence base bolstered by considerable expert opinion suggests that early intervention with conventional rehabilitative modalities can reduce surgery-associated pain and dysfunction . Barriers to the timely rehabilitation of functionally morbid sequelae are discussed at length in this article . Barriers arise from a wide range of academic , human , logistic , and financial sources . This experience has given rise to anecdotal information on the management of common sequelae that may undermine function . The epidemiology , pathophysiology , and management of these sequelae are outlined in this article with an emphasis on the caliber of supporting evidence . Myofascial dysfunction , axillary web syndrome , frozen shoulder , lymphostasis , post-mastectomy syndrome , and donor site morbidity following breast reconstruction are addressed . A critical need for more definitive evidence to guide patient management characterizes the current treatment algorithms for surgical sequelae . The objective of this study was to evaluate the association between axillary web syndrome and the development of lymphoedema after 10 years of follow-up . A prospective observational study in a hospital cohort of women diagnosed with breast cancer and treated at a referral centre for cancer . In addition , a review of medical records was conducted for the period between 5 and 10 years of follow-up . Data on patient characteristics , treatment , tumour and postoperative complications were collected . In all , 964 patients were included , mostly < 65 years old -LRB- 75 % -RRB- and classified as being overweight -LRB- 68 % -RRB- . Disease was diagnosed as being up to stage IIA in 54.9 % of the cases ; 65.1 % underwent mastectomy and 83.8 % had total axillary dissection . As adjuvant treatment , 61 % underwent chemotherapy , 63.5 % radiotherapy and 68 % hormone therapy . Among surgical complications , 62.6 % of patients had seroma , 40.7 % had necrosis , 35.9 % axillary web syndrome and 31.4 % lymphoedema . There was no association between axillary web syndrome and the development of lymphoedema -LRB- OR = 0.87 , 95 % CI 0.65 to 1.15 , p = 0.329 -RRB- . The occurrence of axillary web syndrome was not a risk factor for lymphoedema after 10 years of follow-up . The axillary web syndrome is a self-limiting and frequently overlooked cause of significant morbidity in the early post-operative period after breast cancer axillary surgery , which is characterized by axillary pain that runs down the medial arm , limited shoulder range of motion affecting mainly shoulder abduction , and cords of subcutaneous tissue extending from axilla into the medial arm , made visible or palpable and painful by shoulder abduction . We evaluated the incidence of axillary web syndrome after axillary lymph-node dissection . Altogether 116 patients who underwent axillary lymph-node dissection were assessed for axillary web syndrome . Range of shoulder abduction , pain , and the subjective feeling of tightness along the arm were recorded . Axillary web syndrome was found in 56 patients , which means an incidence of 48.3 % -LRB- CI95 % : 38.9 , 57.7 -RRB- . Axillary web syndrome is a significant self-limited cause of morbidity of axillary surgery ocurring not only in the early post-operative period . Some patients undergoing axillary lymph node dissection -LRB- ALND -RRB- experience postoperative pain and limited range of motion associated with a palpable web of tissue extending from the axilla into the ipsilateral arm . The purpose of this study is to characterize the previously undescribed axillary web syndrome -LRB- AWS -RRB- . To identify patients with AWS , a retrospective review was performed of all invasive breast cancer patients treated by a single surgeon -LRB- REM -RRB- between 1980 and 1996 . Records were also reviewed of 4 more recent patients who developed AWS after undergoing sentinel node lymph node dissection -LRB- SLND -RRB- without ALND . Among 750 sequentially treated patients , 44 -LRB- 6 % -RRB- developed AWS between 1 and 8 weeks after their axillary procedure . The palpable subcutaneous cords extended from the axillary crease down the ipsilateral arm , across the antecubital space
Peer-led education interventions have the potential to provide mental health consumers with the knowledge , skills and support they need to live successful and rewarding self-determined lives . However , few studies have explored whether and how these interventions enhance recovery . This study addresses this knowledge gap by examining changes among 160 participants in the Building Recovery of Individual Dreams and Goals -LRB- BRIDGES -RRB- education program . BRIDGES is a peer-led 8-week course taught by trained instructors who publicly disclose the fact that they are in recovery from mental illness . Structured interviews assessing recovery outcomes were conducted with participants in the month prior to their receipt of BRIDGES , and immediately after receipt of the intervention . Paired t-tests were conducted to examine changes in psychiatric symptoms , hopefulness , social support , self-advocacy , empowerment , adaptive coping , and recovery pre-receipt and post-receipt of BRIDGES . Post-receipt of BRIDGES , participants reported significantly fewer psychiatric symptoms , decreased use of maladaptive coping behaviors , and increased feelings of hopefulness , self-advocacy , empowerment , and recovery . These promising early results from our ongoing study of BRIDGES suggest that peer-led education interventions are a valuable resource . Additional research is needed to better understand the effectiveness of these interventions , including potential long-term post-program participation benefits . This study examined the effectiveness of the Building Recovery of Individual Dreams and Goals -LRB- BRIDGES -RRB- peer-led education intervention in empowering mental health consumers to become better advocates for their own care . Interviews were conducted at enrollment , at the end of the intervention , and 6-months post-intervention . Peer-led education interventions may provide participants with the information , skills and support they need to become more actively involved in the treatment decision-making process . Depression has been shown to moderate the effects of physical illness self-management -LRB- ISM -RRB- programs . We attempted to replicate these findings for a mental ISM intervention . Outpatients with serious mental illness -LRB- N = 428 -RRB- from eight Tennessee communities were randomly assigned to receive a peer-led self-management intervention called Building Recovery of Individual Dreams and Goals Through Education and Support or services as usual . Psychiatric symptoms were assessed with the Brief Symptom Inventory ; the outcome of personal empowerment was measured by the Empowerment Scale . Intent-to-treat analysis using mixed-effects random regression found significant interaction effects between study condition and three moderating symptom profiles . Empowerment was greater for the intervention participants with high levels of depressive symptoms , anxiety symptoms , and general symptom distress than for the experimental participants with low symptom levels and the control subjects with high or low levels of symptoms . These results shed light on how mental ISM programs operate and ways these can be improved .
We compared the effects of different protocols of blood-flow restriction training -LRB- BFRT -RRB- with different occlusion pressures and/or exercise intensities on muscle mass and strength . We also compared BFRT protocols with conventional high-intensity resistance training -LRB- RT -RRB- . Twenty-six subjects had each leg allocated to two of five protocols . BFRT protocols were performed at either 20 or 40 % 1-RM with either 40 or 80 % occlusion pressure : BFRT20/40 , BFRT20/80 , BFRT40/40 , and BFRT40/80 . Conventional RT was performed at 80 % 1-RM -LRB- RT80 -RRB- without blood-flow restriction . Maximum dynamic strength -LRB- 1-RM -RRB- and quadriceps cross-sectional area -LRB- CSA -RRB- were assessed at baseline and after 12 weeks . Regarding muscle mass , increasing occlusion pressure was effective only at very low intensity -LRB- BFRT20/40 0.78 % vs. BFRT20/80 3.22 % -RRB- . No additional increase was observed at higher intensities -LRB- BFRT40/40 4.45 % vs. BFRT40/80 5.30 % -RRB- , with no difference between the latter protocols and RT80 -LRB- 5.90 % -RRB- . Exercise intensity played a role in CSA when comparing groups with similar occlusion pressure . Muscle strength was similarly increased among BFRT groups -LRB- ~ 12.10 % -RRB- but to a lesser extent than RT80 -LRB- 21.60 % -RRB- . In conclusion , BFRT protocols benefit from higher occlusion pressure -LRB- 80 % -RRB- when exercising at very low intensities . Conversely , occlusion pressure seems secondary to exercise intensity in more intense -LRB- 40 % 1-RM -RRB- BFRT protocols . Finally , when considering muscle strength , BFRT protocols seem less effective than high-intensity RT. . Our aim was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of a low-intensity resistance training program combined with partial blow flow restriction -LRB- BFR training -RRB- in a cohort of patients with polymyositis -LRB- PM -RRB- and dermatomyositis -LRB- DM -RRB- . In total , 13 patients with PM and DM completed a 12-week twice a week low-intensity -LRB- that is , 30 % one-repetition-maximum -LRB- 1RM -RRB- -RRB- resistance exercise training program combined with partial blood flow restriction -LRB- BFR -RRB- . Assessments of muscle strength , physical function , quadriceps cross sectional -LRB- CSA -RRB- area , health-related quality of life , and clinical and laboratory parameters were assessed at baseline and after the intervention . Similarly , all of the components of the Short Form-36 Health Survey , the Health Assessment Questionnaire scores , and the patient - and physician reported Visual Analogue Scale were significantly improved after training -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . Importantly , no clinical evidence or any other self-reported adverse event were found . Laboratory parameters -LRB- creatine kinase and aldolase -RRB- were also unchanged -LRB- P > 0.05 -RRB- after the intervention . We demonstrated that a 12-week supervised low-intensity resistance training program associated with partial blood flow restriction may be safe and effective in improving muscle strength and function as well as muscle mass and health-related quality of life in patients with PM and DM . Clinicaltrials.gov NCT01501019 . Registered November 29 , 2011 . To determine what factors should be accounted for when setting the blood flow restriction -LRB- BFR -RRB- cuff pressure for the upper and lower body . One hundred and seventy one participants visited the laboratory for one testing session . Arm circumference , muscle -LRB- MTH -RRB- and fat -LRB- FTH -RRB- thickness were measured on the upper arm . Next , brachial systolic -LRB- SBP -RRB- and diastolic -LRB- DBP -RRB- blood pressure measurements were taken in the supine position . Upper body arterial occlusion was then determined using a Doppler probe . Following this , thigh circumference and lower body arterial occlusion were determined . Models of hierarchical linear regression were used to determine the greatest predictor of arterial occlusion in the upper and lower body . Two models were employed in the upper body , a Field -LRB- arm size -RRB- and a Laboratory model -LRB- arm composition -RRB- . The Laboratory model explained 58 % of the variance in arterial occlusion with SBP -LRB- β = 0.512 , part = 0.255 -RRB- , MTH -LRB- β = 0.363 , part = 0.233 -RRB- , and FTH -LRB- β = 0.248 , part = 0.213 -RRB- contributing similarly to explained variance . The Field model explained 60 % of the variance in arterial occlusion with arm circumference explaining the greatest amount -LRB- β = 0.419 , part = 0.314 -RRB- compared to SBP -LRB- β = 0.394 , part = 0.266 -RRB- and DBP -LRB- β = 0.147 , part = 0.125 -RRB- . For the lower body model the third block explained 49 % of the variance in arterial occlusion with thigh circumference -LRB- β = 0.579 , part = 0.570 -RRB- and SBP -LRB- β = 0.281 , part = 0.231 -RRB- being significant predictors . Our findings indicate that arm circumference and SBP should be taken into account when determining BFR cuff pressures . In addition , we confirmed our previous study that thigh circumference is the greatest predictor of arterial occlusion in the lower body .
The state of wound oxygenation is a key determinant of healing outcomes . From a diagnostic standpoint , measurements of wound oxygenation are commonly used to guide treatment planning such as amputation decision . In preventive applications , optimizing wound perfusion and providing supplemental O -LRB- 2 -RRB- in the perioperative period reduces the incidence of postoperative infections . Correction of wound pO -LRB- 2 -RRB- may , by itself , trigger some healing responses . Importantly , approaches to correct wound pO -LRB- 2 -RRB- favorably influence outcomes of other therapies such as responsiveness to growth factors and acceptance of grafts . Chronic ischemic wounds are essentially hypoxic . Primarily based on the tumor literature , hypoxia is generally viewed as being angiogenic . This is true with the condition that hypoxia be acute and mild to modest in magnitude . Extreme near-anoxic hypoxia , as commonly noted in problem wounds , is not compatible with tissue repair . Adequate wound tissue oxygenation is required but may not be sufficient to favorably influence healing outcomes . Success in wound care may be improved by a personalized health care approach . The key lies in our ability to specifically identify the key limitations of a given wound and in developing a multifaceted strategy to specifically address those limitations . In considering approaches to oxygenate the wound tissue it is important to recognize that both too little as well as too much may impede the healing process . Oxygen dosing based on the specific need of a wound therefore seems prudent . Therapeutic approaches targeting the oxygen sensing and redox signaling pathways are promising . An implanted Silastic catheter technique was used to measure partial pressure of oxygen in mastectomy wounds and needle-induced wounds in the subcutaneous tissue of the arms of 33 postoperative patients to assess tissue-wound oxygenation and perfusion on the day of operation and daily through postoperative day five . Characteristic patterns were observed . Wound hypoxia was common and most pronounced after abdominal , vascular , and cardiac procedures . It was most severe immediately after operation . Tissue hypoxia was not easily detected by clinical evaluation and was unknowingly tolerated by experienced surgeons . The relationship between arterial and tissue PO2 is biphasic and presumably curvilinear at the lower range of PaO2 and rises linearly even above the point of full saturation of hemoglobin . Supplemental bolus fluid infusion elevated depressed tissue PO2 in 19 out of 19 measurements , implicating hypovolemia as a common cause of postoperative tissue hypoxia . Measurements of tissue oxygen tension , coupled with a single arterial oxygen determination , constitute a clinically useful means of monitoring tissue perfusion . Oxygen quenches phosphorescence by energy transfer from the phosphor when oxygen molecules collide with molecules of the phosphor in the excited triplet state . Thus increasing oxygen pressure causes an increase in the rate of decay of phosphorescence -LRB- shorter lifetimes -RRB- and a decrease in total phosphorescence intensity . Phosphors have been selected which decay with a single exponential and for which the relationship between phosphorescence lifetime and oxygen pressure is quantitatively described by the Stern-Volmer equation . The use of phosphorescence lifetime as the measure of oxygen pressure makes the method insensitive to the absorbance changes of other chromophores in the system . This method has permitted quantitative , rapid -LRB- less than 10 msec -RRB- and sensitive -LRB- to less than 10 -LRB- -8 -RRB- Torr -RRB- measurements of oxygen pressure in suspensions of cells or subcellular organelles . In tissues , oxygen pressure has been evaluated by measuring phosphorescence using an intensified CCD camera . Maps of oxygen pressure in the vasculature of the cortex of the brain and of other tissues demonstrate the method is limited only by the optics of the system and resolutions of a few microns are readily attained . About 160 publications -LRB- 1978-1992 -RRB- dealing either directly or indirectly with transcutaneous oxygen partial pressure measurements -LRB- tcpO2 -RRB- in peripheral arterial occlusive disease -LRB- PAOD -RRB- are reviewed . Thereby , various clinical applications and results are related to the theory and methodology of the tcpO2 technique . In PAOD patients , the tcpO2 reflects local hyperemic skin blood supply . The clinically relevant intersection of the tcpO2-flow hyperbola is of considerably non-linear shape and partially insensitive to flow . In view of macrocirculatory pathology , tcpO2 values depend particularly on PAOD staging , hemodynamic compensation , and calf artery patency . Pathophysiological and pharmacological microcirculatory effects , however , can not be read unequivocally from corresponding tcpO2 responses due to the heat-induced local vasoparalysis . In daily practice , the tcpO2 does not provide substantial information in patients with asymptomatic obstructions -LRB- Fontaine stage I -RRB- or intermittent claudication -LRB- stage II -RRB- but is of clinical impact in limbs with rest pain and skin lesions -LRB- stages III and IV -RRB- . In such a complicated PAOD , diagnostic and prognostic capabilities can be essentially improved by provocational manoeuvres which narrow the flow-insensitive range . A critical limb ischaemia may be assumed if supine and dependent foot tcpO2 values exceed neither 10 mmHg nor 45 mmHg , respectively . The pulse oximeter estimates arterial hemoglobin saturation by measuring the light absorbance of pulsating vascular tissue at two wavelengths . The relationship between measured light absorbances and saturation was developed empirically and is built into the oximeter software . Studies in human volunteers have shown good performance of the device in healthy adults for saturations in the range of 70 to 100 % . Studies in the operating room and intensive care unit have established its clinical accuracy and usefulness . The pulse oximeter has already found a number of clinical applications outside of the operating room , such as monitoring during patient transport , respiratory monitoring during narcotic administration , and evaluation of home-oxygen therapy . To use this monitor to its full potential , we must be aware
Asymptomatic patients with chronic aortic regurgitation -LRB- AR -RRB- have an excellent prognosis in the presence of preserved systolic function . It is a challenge to recognize patients with subclinical myocardial dysfunction in AR . Pulsed-wave tissue Doppler imaging -LRB- PW-TDI -RRB- is a useful noninvasive technique for evaluating global and regional LV systolic function . In this study , we aimed to assess clinical usefulness of TDI in predicting early disturbance of myocardial contractility in asymptomatic patients with significant AR and preserved left ventricular systolic function . In addition to conventional parameters , regional myocardial velocities , isovolumetric contraction time -LRB- mICT -RRB- , isovolumetric relaxation time -LRB- mIRT -RRB- , and ejection time -LRB- mET -RRB- of left ventricle were obtained by TDI and modified LV myocardial performance index -LRB- MPI -RRB- was calculated . In AR , peak systolic velocity -LRB- Sm -RRB- of septal and anterior mitral annulus , and mean Sm was significantly lower , and LVMPI was significantly higher compared to control group . The data obtained by TDI show that LV MPI is lengthened , and systolic myocardial velocities are shortened in patients having chronic AR with normal LV systolic function according to conventional echocardiographic parameters . This suggests that LV long-axis contraction and global LV performance are preciously and noticeably decreased in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic AR despite normal LV ejection fraction .
Coronary artery disease is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes . Screening for asymptomatic coronary artery disease with treatment by means of revascularization seems to be an appealing option for prevention . The utility of such a strategy has never been challenged in a randomized trial . In the present study a cohort of diabetic patients without any symptoms and without known coronary artery disease will be screened at two diabetes outpatients services . Those with intermediate or high risk -LRB- equal or greater than 10 % according to the Italian risk chart -RRB- will be asked to participate and enrolled . Half of the patients will be randomized to undergo an exercise tolerance testing while the other group will continue to be regularly seen at diabetes outpatients services . Best medical/behavioral therapy will be offered to both groups . Those patients with a positive exercise tolerance testing will be studied by coronary angiography and treated according to the severity of coronary lesions by percutaneous stenting or surgery.The objective of the study is to evaluate the efficacy of the screening strategy aimed at revascularization . A cost-effectiveness analysis will be performed at the end of the follow up . It will be made clearer if detection of silent coronary artery disease has to be recommended and followed by treatment . Given the simplicity of the study protocol , it will be easily transferable to the real world . -LRB- ClinicalTrials.gov -RRB- : NCT00547872 .
To report mature results of a randomized trial that compared extended-field radiotherapy -LRB- EFRT -RRB- versus pelvic radiotherapy with concomitant fluorouracil and cisplatin -LRB- CTRT -RRB- in women with locoregionally advanced carcinomas of the uterine cervix . Four hundred three women with cervical cancer were randomly assigned to receive either EFRT or CTRT . Patients were eligible if they had stage IIB to IVA disease , stage IB to IIA disease with a tumor diameter > or = 5 cm , or positive pelvic lymph nodes . Patients were stratified by stage and by method of lymph node evaluation . The median follow-up time for 228 surviving patients was 6.6 years . The overall survival rate for patients treated with CTRT was significantly greater than that for patients treated with EFRT -LRB- 67 % v 41 % at 8 years ; P < .0001 -RRB- . There was an overall reduction in the risk of disease recurrence of 51 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 36 % to 66 % -RRB- for patients who received CTRT . Patients with stage IB to IIB disease who received CTRT had better overall and disease-free survival than those treated with EFRT -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- ; 116 patients with stage III to IVA disease had better disease-free survival -LRB- P = .05 -RRB- and a trend toward better overall survival -LRB- P = .07 -RRB- if they were randomly assigned to CTRT . The rate of serious late complications of treatment was similar for the two treatment arms . Mature analysis confirms that the addition of fluorouracil and cisplatin to radiotherapy significantly improved the survival rate of women with locally advanced cervical cancer without increasing the rate of late treatment-related side effects . The global burden of cancer continues to increase largely because of the aging and growth of the world population alongside an increasing adoption of cancer-causing behaviors , particularly smoking , in economically developing countries . Based on the GLOBOCAN 2008 estimates , about 12.7 million cancer cases and 7.6 million cancer deaths are estimated to have occurred in 2008 ; of these , 56 % of the cases and 64 % of the deaths occurred in the economically developing world . Breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed cancer and the leading cause of cancer death among females , accounting for 23 % of the total cancer cases and 14 % of the cancer deaths . Lung cancer is the leading cancer site in males , comprising 17 % of the total new cancer cases and 23 % of the total cancer deaths . Breast cancer is now also the leading cause of cancer death among females in economically developing countries , a shift from the previous decade during which the most common cause of cancer death was cervical cancer . Further , the mortality burden for lung cancer among females in developing countries is as high as the burden for cervical cancer , with each accounting for 11 % of the total female cancer deaths . Although overall cancer incidence rates in the developing world are half those seen in the developed world in both sexes , the overall cancer mortality rates are generally similar . Cancer survival tends to be poorer in developing countries , most likely because of a combination of a late stage at diagnosis and limited access to timely and standard treatment . A substantial proportion of the worldwide burden of cancer could be prevented through the application of existing cancer control knowledge and by implementing programs for tobacco control , vaccination -LRB- for liver and cervical cancers -RRB- , and early detection and treatment , as well as public health campaigns promoting physical activity and a healthier dietary intake . Clinicians , public health professionals , and policy makers can play an active role in accelerating the application of such interventions globally . To determine tumor response rate , patterns of failure , toxicity , and survival in advanced squamous head and neck cancer after a combined treatment program that consists of induction chemotherapy , organ-sparing surgery , and concurrent chemoradiation . Long-term outcome data are presented . Between July 1991 and March 1993 , 93 patients received three cycles of induction chemotherapy that consisted of cisplatin , fluorouracil -LRB- 5-FU -RRB- , l-leucovorin , and alpha-interferon2b -LRB- PFLl-alpha -RRB- followed by optional limited surgery and six to eight cycles of 5-FU , hydroxyurea , and concurrent radiation -LRB- FHX -RRB- to a total radiation dose of 65 to 75 Gy . Ninety-three patients were entered onto this study and 97 % had stage IV disease , with 66 patients who were N2 or N3 . Sixty-one patients -LRB- 66 % -RRB- achieved a clinical complete remission -LRB- CR -RRB- after induction therapy . Thirty-four patients underwent surgery . Seventy-nine patients proceeded to FHX . With a median follow-up time of 43 months for surviving patients , 20 patients have had disease progression -LRB- 13 local , two distant , five both -RRB- , and there have been 35 deaths -LRB- 18 from disease , six treatment-related , two from a second primary , and nine for other medical reasons -RRB- . At 5 years , progression-free survival is 68 % , and overall survival is 62 % . Surgery was organ-preserving , as only a single laryngectomy and no glossectomies were performed in primary management . Acute toxicity related to PFLl-alpha consisted of severe or life-threatening mucositis in 57 % and leucopenia in 65 % of patients . During FHX , 81 % of patients had grade 3 or 4 mucositis . PFLl-alpha is a highly active regimen that induced clinical CR in two thirds of patients . When followed by limited surgery and FHX , resultant local and distant disease control , organ preservation , and overall 5-year survival are very promising in high-risk stage IV patients . Based on these local control and survival data , further evaluation of this
Previous studies on rehabilitation following total knee arthroplasty -LRB- TKA -RRB- demonstrated limited efficacy in increasing long-term outcomes . More recently , several rehabilitation approaches have demonstrated greater efficacy for increasing long-term strength and functional performance outcomes following TKA . Neuromuscular electrical stimulation -LRB- NMES -RRB- , applied to the surgical limb 's quadriceps muscle for the first 6 weeks following surgery , has been shown to improve the speed of recovery from TKA and leads to long-term increases in strength and functional performance . Rehabilitation programs that incorporate higher intensity , progressive resistive exercises that target all major muscle groups of the lower extremity have demonstrated superior long-term strength and functional gains compared with lower intensity programs . Finally , although the greatest strength and functional losses occur immediately after surgery , there is emerging evidence that strength and functional gains can be made after the acute postoperative recovery period with programs focusing on the use of progressive aquatic exercise or eccentric exercise . Proprioception and body balance after knee arthroplasty have a considerable impact on restoration of joint function and a normal gait pattern . Kinesiology Taping -LRB- KT -RRB- is a method that may be able to influence these factors . The aim of this study was to assess the effects of KT application on sensorimotor efficiency , balance and gait in patients undergoing rehabili-ta -- tion after knee replacement surgery . The study involved 120 male and female patients -LRB- mean age was 69 years -RRB- after total knee repla-cement . The patients were randomly assigned to one of two groups : Experimental Group -LRB- n = 51 -RRB- and Control Group -LRB- n = 60 -RRB- . Both groups underwent standard rehabilitation lasting 20 days . In addition , the Experimental Group received KT applications . Statistically significant improvements were noted across all the parameters assessed in the Experimental Group -LRB- p < 0.005 -RRB- . Significant improvements were also seen in the Control Group -LRB- p < 0.005 -RRB- , but , in percentage terms , the improvement was higher in the Experimental Group . The only exception was the right/left foot load distribution , whose symmetry improved proportionally in both groups . 1 . Patients after knee replacement surgery have considerable proprioception deficits , impaired body balance and reduced functional performance , which may increase the risk of falls in this group of patients . 2 . Both standard physiotherapy and combination therapy with Kinesiology Taping -LRB- modified by the present authors -RRB- used in patients after knee arthroplasty may considerably improve the level of proprioception , body balance and overall functional performance . 3 . The technique of dynamic taping proposed in this paper may optimise standard physiotherapy used in patients after knee arthroplasty and increase its clinical efficacy . Further studies are required .
Elevated levels of circulating tissue factor-bearing microparticles -LRB- TFMP -RRB- have been associated with an increased risk of developing venous thromboembolism -LRB- VTE -RRB- in cancer patients . We performed a randomized phase II study to evaluate the cumulative incidence of VTE in advanced cancer patients with lower levels of TFMP not receiving thromboprophylaxis and those with higher levels of circulating TFMP randomized to enoxaparin or observation . The cumulative incidence of VTE at 2 months in the higher TFMP group randomized to enoxaparin -LRB- N = 23 -RRB- was 5 · 6 % while the higher TFMP group observation arm -LRB- N = 11 -RRB- was 27 · 3 % -LRB- Gray test P = 0 · 06 -RRB- . The median survival for patients with higher levels of TFMP followed by observation was 11 · 8 months compared with 17 · 8 months on enoxaparin -LRB- P = 0 · 58 -RRB- . In a prospective randomized trial , increased numbers of circulating TFMP detected by impedance flow cytometry identified cancer patients with a high incidence of VTE . Enoxaparin demonstrated a clear trend towards reducing the rate of VTE in patients with elevated levels of TFMP , with an overall rate of VTE similar in magnitude to the lower TFMP group .
Neglected tropical diseases are co-endemic in many areas of the world , including sub Saharan Africa . Currently lymphatic filariasis -LRB- albendazole/ivermectin -RRB- and trachoma -LRB- azithromycin -RRB- are treated separately . Consequently , financial and logistical benefit can be gained from integration of preventive chemotherapy programs in such areas . 4 villages in two co-endemic districts -LRB- Kolondièba and Bougouni -RRB- of Sikasso , Mali , were randomly assigned to coadministered treatment -LRB- ivermectin/albendazole/azithromycin -RRB- or standard therapy -LRB- ivermectin/albendazole with azithromycin 1 week later -RRB- . These villages had previously undergone 4 annual MDA campaigns with ivermectin/albendazole and 2 with azithromycin . One village was randomly assigned to each treatment arm in each district . No serious adverse events occurred , and the majority of adverse events were mild in intensity -LRB- mainly headache , abdominal pain , diarrhoea and `` other signs/symptoms '' -RRB- . The median time to the onset of the first event , of any type , was later -LRB- 8 days -RRB- in the two standard treatment villages than in the co-administration villages . Overall the number of subjects reporting any event was similar in the co-administration group compared to the standard treatment group -LSB- 18.7 % -LRB- 281/1501 -RRB- vs. 15.8 % -LRB- 239/1510 -RRB- -RSB- . However , the event frequency was higher in the coadministration group -LRB- 30.4 % -RRB- than in the standard treatment group -LRB- 11.0 % -RRB- in Kolondièba , while the opposite was observed in Bougouni -LRB- 7.1 % and 20.9 % respectively -RRB- . Additionally , the overall frequency of adverse events in the co-administration group -LRB- 18.7 % -RRB- was comparable to or lower than published frequencies for ivermectin + albendazole alone . These data suggest that co-administration of ivermectin + albendazole and azithromycin is safe ; however the small number of villages studied and the large differences between them resulted in an inability to calculate a meaningful overall estimate of the difference in adverse event rates between the regimens .
Trigeminal/neuronal hyperexcitability and spreading depression activating the trigemino-vascular system are discussed in migraine-pathophysiology . This study investigated trigeminal and olfactory event-related potentials in migraineurs . Nasal chemosensitivity was assessed in 19 female migraineurs with or without aura > 72 h before or after an attack and in 19 healthy females employing event-related cortical potentials -LRB- ERPs -RRB- after specific trigeminal stimulation of nasal nociceptors with short pulses of CO2 , and specific olfactory stimulation with H2S . Migraineurs exhibited greater responses to trigeminal stimulation , indicated by significantly larger ERP amplitudes N1 . In contrast , olfactory ERP amplitudes P1N1 were significantly smaller in migraineurs . A leave-one-out classification procedure on the basis of these two parameters assigned 76.3 % cases correctly . Our data suggest trigeminal hyperexcitability in migraineurs . A general increase of nasal chemosensitivity is not supported because of smaller olfactory ERP amplitudes in migraineurs . Olfactory ERPs discriminate better than trigeminal ERPs between migraineurs and controls , emphasizing the significance of the olfactory system in migraine . Migraine is a common disabling disease but its economic burden has not been adequately quantified . To estimate the burden of migraine in the United States with respect to disability and economic costs . The following data sources were used : published data , the Baltimore County Migraine Study , MEDSTAT 's MarketScan medical claims data set , and statistics from the Census Bureau and the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Disability was expressed as bedridden days . Charges for migraine-related treatment were used as direct cost inputs . The human capital approach was used in the estimation of indirect costs . Migraineurs required 3.8 bed rest days for men and 5.6 days for women each year , resulting in a total of 112 million bedridden days . Migraine costs American employers about $ 13 billion a year because of missed workdays and impaired work function ; close to $ 8 billion was directly due to missed workdays . Patients of both sexes aged 30 to 49 years incurred higher indirect costs compared with younger or older employed patients . Annual direct medical costs for migraine care were about $ 1 billion and about $ 100 was spent per diagnosed patient . Physician office visits accounted for about 60 % of all costs ; in contrast , emergency department visits contributed less than 1 % of the direct costs . The economic burden of migraine predominantly falls on patients and their employers in the form of bedridden days and lost productivity . Various screening and treatment regimens should be evaluated to identify opportunities to reduce the disease burden . The Migraine Disability Assessment -LRB- MIDAS -RRB- instrument is a five-item questionnaire developed to measure headache-related disability and improve doctor-patient communication about the functional consequences of migraine . To examine the test-retest reliability and internal consistency of the five items and of the overall MIDAS score in population-based samples of migraine sufferers in two countries and to compare consistency across countries . Using a clinically validated telephone interview , population-based samples of migraine-headache sufferers were identified in the United States -LRB- Baltimore , MD -RRB- and the United Kingdom -LRB- Merton and Sutton , Surrey -RRB- . Eligible individuals completed the MIDAS questionnaire on two occasions an average of 3 weeks apart . The MIDAS score is derived from five questions about missed time from work and household work -LRB- one question each about missed days and days with at least 50 % reduced productivity -RRB- and missed days of nonwork activities . A total of 97 migraine-headache sufferers from the United States and 100 from the United Kingdom completed the MIDAS questionnaire twice . Mean and median item values and overall MIDAS scores were similar between the United States and the United Kingdom . Test-retest Spearman correlations of individual items ranged from 0.46 to 0.78 . No significant differences in item-specific correlations were observed between the United States and United Kingdom . The test-retest Pearson correlation of the MIDAS score -LRB- i.e. , sum of lost days and reduced-effectiveness days in each domain -RRB- was 0.80 in the United States and 0.83 in the United Kingdom . The Cronbach alpha , a measure of internal consistency , was 0.76 in the United States and 0.73 in the United Kingdom . This is the first international population-based study to assess the reliability of a disability-related illness severity score for migraine . The reliability and internal consistency of the Migraine Disability Assessment score are similar to that of a previous questionnaire -LRB- Headache Impact Questionnaire -RRB- . However , the Migraine Disability Assessment score requires fewer questions , is easier to score , and provides intuitively meaningful information on lost days of activity in three domains .
To evaluate their safety and efficacy , we compared epinephrine and theophylline combined with ephedrine with inhaled metaproterenol and the placebo . Twelve asthmatic patients were studied in a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , crossover trial comparing forced expiratory volume in 1 second -LRB- FEV1 -RRB- after two inhalations of epinephrine -LRB- 0.2 mg/inh -RRB- , 1 minute apart , followed in 15 minutes by theophylline -LRB- 130 mg -RRB- with ephedrine -LRB- 24 mg -RRB- versus two inhalations of metaproterenol -LRB- 0.65 mg/inh -RRB- , 1 minute apart , versus placebo inhaler and tablets . Onset of FEV1 greater than 15 % above baseline values occurred within 15 seconds after inhalations for 100 % of epinephrine-treated patients , 92 % of metaproterenol-treated patients , and 33 % of placebo-treated patients . FEV1 responses were significantly greater -LRB- P less than .05 -RRB- for epinephrine at 0.66 to 1.66 minutes compared with the responses of metaproterenol , and epinephrine and theophylline that was combined with ephedrine compared with metaproterenol beginning at 2 hours . Mean duration of activity was 5.7 hours for the epinephrine - and theophylline with ephedrine-treated patients , 4.9 hours for metaproterenol-treated patients , and 2 hours for the placebo group . There were statistically significant differences for patients receiving epinephrine and theophylline with ephedrine versus the placebo group -LRB- P less than .001 -RRB- , metaproterenol patients versus the placebo group -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- , and patients receiving epinephrine and theophylline with ephedrine versus metaproterenol-treated patients -LRB- P less than .05 -RRB- . -LRB- ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS -RRB- Many health care professionals believe that a nonprescription epinephrine metered-dose inhaler is less effective and shorter acting and has more cardiovascular adverse effects than prescription beta2-agonists . To determine if increasing the epinephrine dose improves efficacy safely . Eight patients with nocturnal asthma -LRB- age range , 20-46 years -RRB- were treated in a randomized , crossover manner on 2 different nights while sleeping in a clinical research center . On awakening from asthma symptoms , 2 , 4 , and 8 actuations of epinephrine or albuterol were administered at 17-minute intervals -LRB- 14 cumulative actuations -RRB- . Forced expiratory volume in 1 second -LRB- FEV1 -RRB- , asthma symptoms , and systemic effects were measured before the first dose , during the 9 - to 17-minute period after each dose , and 30 minutes after the last dose . The mean + / - SD FEV1 at the onset of symptoms was 45 % + / - 11 % and 44 % + / - 12 % predicted before epinephrine and albuterol , respectively , and increased to a maximum of 86 % + / - 11 % and 93 % + / - 10 % , respectively -LRB- P = .04 -RRB- . Symptoms decreased as FEV1 improved and did not return after either treatment ; 6 patients were symptom free after 14 cumulative actuations of epinephrine compared with 6 cumulative actuations of albuterol . Heart rate decreased to 71 + / - 10/min after epinephrine but increased to 92 + / - 14/min after albuterol -LRB- P = .001 -RRB- . After the last dose , serum potassium concentration was 3.6 + / - 0.3 micromol/L after epinephrine and 3.2 + / - 0.4 micromol/L after albuterol -LRB- P = .01 -RRB- . Epinephrine was nearly as effective as albuterol in terminating an acute episode of airway obstruction but without cardiovascular effects in these otherwise healthy young adults . To determine the systemic absorption of epinephrine when it is given by inhalation , six normal volunteers were given 15 puffs , followed by 30 puffs , of epinephrine from a pressurized aerosol -LRB- 160 micrograms epinephrine/puff -RRB- . The peak mean -LRB- + / - SE -RRB- plasma epinephrine levels were 1.50 -LRB- + / - 0.61 -RRB- and 4.22 -LRB- + / - 1.93 -RRB- nmol/L 1 minute after each dose , respectively . The effect on physiologic finger tremor correlated with the plasma epinephrine level and returned to baseline 20 minutes after taking the higher dose . On a separate occasion an injection of 0.3 ml of 1/1000 -LRB- 300 micrograms -RRB- epinephrine was given subcutaneously to the same individuals . This caused a peak plasma epinephrine level of 2.43 -LRB- + / - 0.47 -RRB- nmol/L at 10 minutes , and this was still raised at 2.05 -LRB- + / - 0.41 -RRB- nmol/L after 40 minutes . The maximum fall in the mean plasma potassium level was 0.43 mmol/L after the injection . The production of ozone-depleting chlorofluorocarbons -LRB- CFCs -RRB- was discontinued on 1 January 1996 for all uses deemed non-essential under the Montreal Protocol . However , the use of CFCs as propellants in pressurized metered dose inhalers -LRB- pMDIs -RRB- was classed as essential , providing an exemption from the agreement . Following extensive research , the hydrofluoroalkanes -LRB- HFA -RRB- 134a and 227 were identified as the only suitable replacements for CFC propellants in pMDIs . The drug delivery of pMDIs formulated with HFA 134a as a propellant and containing either salbutamol -LRB- 100 microg per actuation -RRB- or fluticasone propionate -LRB- 125 and 250 microg per actuation -RRB- have been assessed for dose uniformity and particle size distribution . All of the HFA 134a pMDIs delivered doses throughout the life of the canisters that were reproducible and within specified regulatory requirements . Each of the products provided an emitted dose which was within + / - 25 % of the mean value indicating accurate and consistent dosing -LRB- 93 , 112 and 221 microg per metered dose for the salbutamol 100 microg and fluticasone propionate 125 and 250 microg HFA 134a pMDIs , respectively -RRB- . These findings were unaffected by changing the storage orientation of the pMDI or by using the device in a manner designed to simulate typical patient use . The particle size distributions of HFA 134a pMDI
183 thumbs with trapeziometacarpal osteoarthritis were randomized for treatment by either simple trapeziectomy , trapeziectomy with palmaris longus interposition , or trapeziectomy with ligament reconstruction and tendon interposition using 50 % of the flexor carpi radialis tendon . A K-wire was passed across the trapezial void during each of the 183 surgeries to hold the base of the thumb metacarpal at the level of the index carpometacarpal joint and was retained for 4 weeks in every case . All patients wore a thumb splint for 6 weeks . Each patient had subjective and objective assessments of thumb pain , stiffness , and strength before surgery and at 3 months and 1 year after surgery . The 3 treatment groups were well matched for age , dominance , and presence of associated conditions . Complications were distributed evenly among the 3 groups and no cases of subluxation/dislocation of the pseudarthrosis were observed . Of the 183 thumbs 82 % achieved good pain relief and 68 % regained sufficient strength to allow normal activities of daily living at the 1-year follow-up evaluation . Neither of these subjective outcomes nor the range of thumb movement was influenced by the type of surgery performed . Thumb key-pinch strength improved significantly from 3.5 kg before surgery to 4.6 kg at 1 year but the improvement in strength was not influenced by the type of surgery performed . The outcomes of these 3 variations of trapeziectomy were very similar at 1-year follow-up evaluation . New technology has the potential to greatly impact the medical field because it may lead to a greater quality of life , decreased pain , or increased function for our patients . This manuscript will discuss the introduction of one such advance in hand surgery and hand therapy . This technique is described as an example of the advantages of considering new techniques and technologies when treating established problems . This article discusses the responsibility of health professionals in considering the adoption of new technologies over current ones in the context of describing a new type of CMC suspensionplasty procedure . Further , a description of the surgical technique , the hand therapy postoperatively , and a case study to demonstrate some of the features of the Tightrope suspensionplasty procedure is presented . In the author 's experience , the reduced healing time , reduced weeks of immobility , and fewer therapy visits following the procedure suggest that the Tightrope procedure should be considered as an option for patients needing thumb CMC arthroplasty .
A total of 14,381 MM patients -LRB- 7,643 males ; 6,738 females -RRB- were diagnosed in Sweden from 1973 to 2003 -LRB- median age , 69.9 years ; range 19 to 101 years -RRB- . Patients were categorized into six age categories and four calendar periods -LRB- 1973 to 1979 , 1980 to 1986 , 1987 to 1993 , and 1994 to 2003 -RRB- . We computed relative survival ratios -LRB- RSRs -RRB- as measures of patient survival . One-year survival improved -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- over time in all age groups and RSRs were 0.73 , 0.78 , 0.80 , and 0.82 for the four calendar periods ; however , improvement in 5-year -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- and 10-year -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- RSR was restricted to patients younger than 70 years and younger than 60 years , respectively . For the first time , in analyses restricted to MM patients diagnosed at age younger than 60 years , we found a 29 % -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- reduced 10-year mortality in the last calendar period -LRB- 1994 to 2003 -RRB- compared with the preceding calendar period -LRB- 1987 to 1993 -RRB- . Females with MM had a 3 % -LRB- P = .024 -RRB- lower excess mortality than males . One-year MM survival has increased for all age groups during the last decades ; 5-year and 10-year MM survival has increased in younger patients -LRB- younger than 60 to 70 years -RRB- . High-dose melphalan with subsequent autologous stem-cell transplantation , thalidomide , and a continuous improvement in supportive care measures are probably the most important factors contributing to this finding . New effective agents with a more favorable toxicity profile are needed to improve survival further , particularly in the elderly . We examined the outcome of 2 groups of patients seen at a single institution , one from time of diagnosis and the other from the time of relapse , to examine the survival trends over time . Among 387 patients relapsing after stem-cell transplantation , a clear improvement in overall survival from the time of relapse was seen , with those relapsing after 2000 having a median overall survival of 23.9 versus 11.8 months -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- for those who relapsed prior to this date . This improvement was independent of other prognostic factors . Patients treated with one or more of the newer drugs -LRB- thalidomide , lenalidomide , bortezomib -RRB- had longer survival from relapse -LRB- 30.9 vs 14.8 months ; P < .001 -RRB- . In a larger group of 2981 patients with newly diagnosed myeloma , those diagnosed in the last decade had a 50 % improvement in overall survival -LRB- 44.8 vs 29.9 months ; P < .001 -RRB- . In this study , we demonstrate improved outcome of patients with myeloma in recent years , both in the relapsed setting as well as at diagnosis . Monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance -LRB- MGUS -RRB- is a premalignant plasma-cell proliferative disorder associated with a life-long risk of progression to multiple myeloma -LRB- MM -RRB- . It is not known whether MM is always preceded by a premalignant asymptomatic MGUS stage . Among 77,469 healthy adults enrolled in the nationwide population-based prospective Prostate , Lung , Colorectal , and Ovarian -LRB- PLCO -RRB- Cancer Screening Trial , we identified 71 subjects who developed MM during the course of the study in whom serially collected -LRB- up to 6 -RRB- prediagnostic serum samples obtained 2 to 9.8 years prior to MM diagnosis were available . Using assays for monoclonal -LRB- M -RRB- - proteins -LRB- electrophoresis/immunofixation -RRB- and kappa-lambda free light chains -LRB- FLCs -RRB- , we determined longitudinally the prevalence of MGUS and characterized patterns of monoclonal immunoglobulin abnormalities prior to MM diagnosis . MGUS was present in 100.0 % -LRB- 87.2 % -100.0 % -RRB- , 98.3 % -LRB- 90.8 % -100.0 % -RRB- , 97.9 % -LRB- 88.9 % -100.0 % -RRB- , 94.6 % -LRB- 81.8 % -99.3 % -RRB- , 100.0 % -LRB- 86.3 % -100.0 % -RRB- , 93.3 % -LRB- 68.1 % -99.8 % -RRB- , and 82.4 % -LRB- 56.6 % -96.2 % -RRB- at 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , and 8 + years prior to MM diagnosis , respectively . In approximately half the study population , the M-protein concentration and involved FLC-ratio levels showed a yearly increase prior to MM diagnosis .
Dual antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention -LRB- PCI -RRB- reduces ischemia but increases bleeding . To develop a clinical decision tool to identify patients expected to derive benefit vs harm from continuing thienopyridine beyond 1 year after PCI . Among 11,648 randomized DAPT Study patients from 11 countries -LRB- August 2009-May 2014 -RRB- , a prediction rule was derived stratifying patients into groups to distinguish ischemic and bleeding risk 12 to 30 months after PCI . Validation was internal via bootstrap resampling and external among 8136 patients from 36 countries randomized in the PROTECT trial -LRB- June 2007-July 2014 -RRB- . Twelve months of open-label thienopyridine plus aspirin , then randomized to 18 months of continued thienopyridine plus aspirin vs placebo plus aspirin . Ischemia -LRB- myocardial infarction or stent thrombosis -RRB- and bleeding -LRB- moderate or severe -RRB- 12 to 30 months after PCI . Among DAPT Study patients -LRB- derivation cohort ; mean age , 61.3 years ; women , 25.1 % -RRB- , ischemia occurred in 348 patients -LRB- 3.0 % -RRB- and bleeding in 215 -LRB- 1.8 % -RRB- . Derivation cohort models predicting ischemia and bleeding had c statistics of 0.70 and 0.68 , respectively . The prediction rule assigned 1 point each for myocardial infarction at presentation , prior myocardial infarction or PCI , diabetes , stent diameter less than 3 mm , smoking , and paclitaxel-eluting stent ; 2 points each for history of congestive heart failure/low ejection fraction and vein graft intervention ; -1 point for age 65 to younger than 75 years ; and -2 points for age 75 years or older . Among PROTECT patients -LRB- validation cohort ; mean age , 62 years ; women , 23.7 % -RRB- , ischemia occurred in 79 patients -LRB- 1.0 % -RRB- and bleeding in 37 -LRB- 0.5 % -RRB- , with a c statistic of 0.64 for ischemia and 0.64 for bleeding . In this cohort , the high-score patients -LRB- n = 2848 -RRB- had increased ischemic events compared with the low-score patients and no significant difference in bleeding . Among patients not sustaining major bleeding or ischemic events 1 year after PCI , a prediction rule assessing late ischemic and bleeding risks to inform dual antiplatelet therapy duration showed modest accuracy in derivation and validation cohorts . This rule requires further prospective evaluation to assess potential effects on patient care , as well as validation in other cohorts . clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT00977938 .
We conducted a randomized clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness of augmenting the effect of atropine by changing the lens over the fellow eye to plano in children with residual amblyopia . A total of 73 children 3 to < 8 years of age -LRB- mean , 5.8 years -RRB- with stable residual amblyopia -LRB- range , 20/32 to 20/160 , mean 20/63 -LRB- +1 -RRB- -RRB- were enrolled after at least 12 weeks of atropine treatment of the fellow eye . Participants were randomly assigned to continuing weekend atropine alone or wearing a plano lens over the fellow eye -LRB- while continuing atropine -RRB- . The primary outcome was assessed at 10 weeks , and participants were followed until improvement ceased . At the primary outcome or later visit when the best-measured visual acuity was observed , the mean amblyopic-eye improvement from baseline was 1.9 lines with the plano lens and 0.8 lines with atropine only . However , the effect was not statistically significant , and the large confidence interval raises the possibility of no benefit or a benefit larger than we observed .
Although sleep deprivation has been shown to impair neurobehavioral performance , few studies have measured its effects on medical errors . We conducted a prospective , randomized study comparing the rates of serious medical errors made by interns while they were working according to a traditional schedule with extended -LRB- 24 hours or more -RRB- work shifts every other shift -LRB- an `` every third night '' call schedule -RRB- and while they were working according to an intervention schedule that eliminated extended work shifts and reduced the number of hours worked per week . Incidents were identified by means of a multidisciplinary , four-pronged approach that included direct , continuous observation . Two physicians who were unaware of the interns ' schedule assignments independently rated each incident . During a total of 2203 patient-days involving 634 admissions , interns made 35.9 percent more serious medical errors during the traditional schedule than during the intervention schedule -LRB- 136.0 vs. 100.1 per 1000 patient-days , P < 0.001 -RRB- , including 56.6 percent more nonintercepted serious errors -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . The total rate of serious errors on the critical care units was 22.0 percent higher during the traditional schedule than during the intervention schedule -LRB- 193.2 vs. 158.4 per 1000 patient-days , P < 0.001 -RRB- . Interns made 20.8 percent more serious medication errors during the traditional schedule than during the intervention schedule -LRB- 99.7 vs. 82.5 per 1000 patient-days , P = 0.03 -RRB- . Interns also made 5.6 times as many serious diagnostic errors during the traditional schedule as during the intervention schedule -LRB- 18.6 vs. 3.3 per 1000 patient-days , P < 0.001 -RRB- . Interns made substantially more serious medical errors when they worked frequent shifts of 24 hours or more than when they worked shorter shifts . Eliminating extended work shifts and reducing the number of hours interns work per week can reduce serious medical errors in the intensive care unit . Our understanding of the effect of the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education -LRB- ACGME -RRB- - mandated work-hour limitation on physicians ' quality of life , sleepiness , and sleep-work habits is evolving . In this study , we sought to determine the effect of work-hour reduction on quality of life in residents and fellows -LRB- ICU housestaff -RRB- when subject to the ACGME-compliant schedule of one institution . To determine the effect of work-hour reduction on subjective and objective measures of sleepiness in ICU housestaff at a center . A single-center study of 34 residents and 10 fellows who were studied before and after the ACGME-mandated work-hour limitation went into effect in July 2003 . In a single center , after the work-hour reduction , residents reported statistically significant but minor improvements in sleep time , subjective sleepiness , and some aspects of quality of life -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . Both before and after work-hour limitations , subjective sleepiness and quality-of-life indexes deteriorated during the course of the ICU rotation . Following work-hour reductions , subjective sleepiness improved -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- , but objective sleepiness was unchanged -LRB- p = 0.6 -RRB- . Moreover , after the implementation of work-hour reductions , 59 % , 43 % , and 25 % of the ICU team had mean sleep latency < 10 , 7 , and 5 min , respectively , with 14 % of the team manifesting sleep-onset rapid eye movement periods -LRB- signifying severe sleepiness -RRB- before beginning their extended work-hour period . In ICU housestaff , at a single center , small benefits to quality of life and subjective sleepiness were realized by an ACGME-compliant work-hour schedule . Significant levels of objective sleepiness , however , remained . Further measures may need to be undertaken to address the persistence of sleepiness in ICU housestaff . These findings may not be generalized outside of the scheduling system studied . Long work hours and work shifts of an extended duration -LRB- > or = 24 hours -RRB- remain a hallmark of medical education in the United States . Yet their effect on health and safety has not been evaluated with the use of validated measures . We conducted a prospective nationwide , Web-based survey in which 2737 residents in their first postgraduate year -LRB- interns -RRB- completed 17,003 monthly reports that provided detailed information about work hours , work shifts of an extended duration , documented motor vehicle crashes , near-miss incidents , and incidents involving involuntary sleeping . The odds ratios for reporting a motor vehicle crash and for reporting a near-miss incident after an extended work shift , as compared with a shift that was not of extended duration , were 2.3 -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 1.6 to 3.3 -RRB- and 5.9 -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 5.4 to 6.3 -RRB- , respectively . In a prospective analysis , every extended work shift that was scheduled in a month increased the monthly risk of a motor vehicle crash by 9.1 percent -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 3.4 to 14.7 percent -RRB- and increased the monthly risk of a crash during the commute from work by 16.2 percent -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 7.8 to 24.7 percent -RRB- . In months in which interns worked five or more extended shifts , the risk that they would fall asleep while driving or while stopped in traffic was significantly increased -LRB- odds ratios , 2.39 -LSB- 95 percent confidence interval , 2.31 to 2.46 -RSB- and 3.69 -LSB- 95 percent confidence interval , 3.60 to 3.77 -RSB- , respectively -RRB- . Extended-duration work shifts , which are currently sanctioned by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education , pose safety hazards for interns . These results have implications for medical residency programs , which routinely schedule physicians to work more than 24 consecutive hours . Prospective cohort study . Three urban freestanding children 's hospitals in the United States .
We used 5 opt-in -LRB- potential participants have to do something active to contact or be contacted by the researcher -RRB- and 2 opt-out -LRB- potential participants have the option to decline being contacted about a study -RRB- recruitment strategies from February 2013 until July 2014 to contact 1562 cancer patient candidates for participation in a randomized controlled trial . Of the 1562 candidates , 22.6 % were ineligible on initial contact , 56.7 % declined to participate on initial contact , and 8.9 % agreed orally to participate but did not complete the enrollment . The 2 opt-out strategies , on-site recruitment and routine care letters recruitment , yielded the highest number of recruited participants with 79 dyads and 58 dyads respectively , constituting 42.7 % and 31.4 % of the total number of enrolled candidates . The 5 opt-in recruitment approaches yielded 49 dyads for the study . Almost half of these dyads were recruited using the approach termed `` relying on providers at the hospital . ''
The cell lines continuously produce these viruses , which are collectively referred to as HTLV , strain CR -LRB- HTLV -LRB- CR -RRB- -RRB- . Cell line CTCL-3 has been a constitutive producer of virus from its second passage in culture . Both mature and immature extracellular virus particles were seen in thin-section electron micrographs of fixed , pelleted cellular material ; on occasion , typical type C budding virus particles were seen . No form of intracellular virus particle has been seen . Mature particles were 100-110 nm in diameter , consisted of an electron-dense core surrounded by an outer membrane separated by an electron-lucent region , banded at a density of 1.16 g/ml on a continuous 25-65 % sucrose gradient , and contained 70S RNA and a DNA polymerase activity typical of viral reverse transcriptase -LRB- RT ; RNA-dependent DNA nucleotidyltransferase -RRB- . Under certain conditions of assay , HTLV -LRB- CR -RRB- RT showed cation preference for Mg -LRB- 2 + -RRB- over Mn -LRB- 2 + -RRB- , distinct from the characteristics of cellular DNA polymerases purified from human lymphocytes and the RT from most type C viruses . Six major proteins , with sizes of approximately 10,000 , 13,000 , 19,000 , 24,000 , 42,000 , and 52,000 daltons , were apparent when doubly banded , disrupted HTLV -LRB- CR -RRB- particles were chromatographed on a NaDodSO -LRB- 4 -RRB- / polyacrylamide gel . The number of these particle-associated proteins is consistent with the expected proteins of a retrovirus , but the sizes of some are distinct from those of most known retroviruses of the primate subgroups .
During CPR , chest compressions help circulate blood and have been shown in animal models to be a means of short-term oxygenation . In this study , we tested whether gentle chest pressure can generate meaningful tidal volume in paediatric subjects . This prospective cohort pilot study recruited children under the age of 17 years and undergoing any surgery requiring general anaesthetic and endotracheal intubation . Mean tidal volumes were compared for unprotected versus protected airway and for type of surgery . Mean tidal volume generated with an unprotected and protected airway was 2.7 -LRB- 1.7 -RRB- and 2.9 -LRB- 2.3 -RRB- mL/kg , respectively . No statistical significance was found when comparing tidal volumes generated with an unprotected or protected airway -LRB- p = 0.20 -RRB- , type of surgery -LRB- tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy versus other surgery -RRB- -LRB- unprotected , p = 0.09 ; protected , p = 0.37 -RRB- , and when age difference between groups was taken into account -LRB- p = 0.34 -RRB- . Using gentle chest pressure , we were able to generate over 20 % of the tidal volume achieved with mechanical ventilation . Our results suggest that gentle chest pressure may be a means to support temporary airflow in children .
A new spacer for the trapeziometacarpal joint -LRB- TMC -RRB- based on a biological and tissue-preserving concept for the treatment of TMC osteoarthritis -LRB- OA -RRB- has been evaluated . The purpose was to combine a spacing effect with stabilization of the TMC joint . Artelon -LRB- Artimplant AB , Sweden -RRB- TMC Spacer is synthesized of a degradable polyurethaneurea -LRB- Artelon -RRB- , which has been shown to be biocompatible over time and currently is used in ligament augmentation procedures . Fibers of the polymer were woven into a T-shaped device in which the vertical portion separates the bone edges of the TMC joint and the horizontal portion stabilizes the joint . Fifteen patients with disabling pain and isolated TMC OA were included in the study . Ten patients received the spacer device and the remaining 5 -LRB- control group -RRB- were treated with a trapezium resection arthroplasty with abductor pollicis longus -LRB- APL -RRB- stabilization . The median ages of the 2 groups were 60 and 59 years , respectively . Pain , strength , stability , and range of motion were measured before and after surgery . Radiographic examination was performed in all patients before and after surgery . At follow-up evaluation 3 years after surgery an unbiased observer evaluated all patients . Biopsy specimens were obtained from 1 patient 6 months after surgery . All patients were stable clinically without signs of synovitis . In both groups all patients were pain free . The biopsy examinations showed incorporation of the device in the surface of the adjacent bone and the surrounding connective tissue . No signs of foreign-body reaction were seen . This study showed significantly better pinch strength after Artelon TMC Spacer implantation into the TMC joint compared with APL arthroplasty . We report the results of cryopreserved meniscus allograft transplantations with 10 or more years of follow-up . Fourteen medial and 8 lateral meniscus allografts were evaluated with a mean follow-up of 141 months -LRB- range , 115 to 167 months -RRB- . The clinical outcome and failure rate was evaluated by use of a Lysholm score and modified pain score in 22 patients . The results of radiographic and magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- analysis were reported in 15 and 7 patients , respectively . Overall , 25 % of medial allografts and 50 % of lateral allografts failed . The combined failure rate was 35 % . There were no discernible Lysholm or pain score differences for both lateral and medial allografts . Furthermore , there was no discernible difference in both Lysholm and pain scores between bone plug and soft-tissue methods of graft fixation . Ten of fifteen allografts showed radiographic joint space narrowing , and twelve had progression of degenerative joint disease . On MRI , all grafts had moderate meniscus shrinkage and five had grade III signal intensities . Eighty-five percent of patients underwent subsequent procedures , 5 of whom required total allograft resection and 2 of whom required partial allograft resection . One allograft required repair . Although transplantation of cryopreserved allografts improved knee pain and function , the average knee function was fair at long-term follow-up . Fifty-five percent of allografts failed when failure criteria for second-look surgery , knee improvement surveys , and MRI were added to Lysholm and pain score failures . The protective benefits of meniscus allografts remain debatable , and inferences can not be made from this study . Level IV , therapeutic case series .
Scarring is considered a major medical problem that leads to cosmetic and functional sequelae . Scar tissue is clinically distinguished from normal skin by an aberrant color , rough surface texture , increased thickness -LRB- hypertrophy -RRB- , occurrence of contraction , and firmness . Many assessment tools are available for analysis of pathologic conditions of the skin ; however , there is no general agreement as to the most appropriate tools for evaluation of scar tissue . This review critically discusses currently available objective measurement tools , subjective assessment tools , and potential devices that may be available in the future for scar assessment . Craniofacial procedures commonly use scalp incisions to optimize surgical access and aesthetic results . Although the use of traditional electrocautery instruments on hair-bearing tissue has been limited secondary to the width of resulting alopecia , needle-tipped electrocautery devices with decreased energy transmission have been developed . This study investigates the cosmetic effect of such instruments on scalp incisions . Twelve children undergoing craniosynostotic correction via bicoronal incisions were included . One side of the incision was completed with the cold scalpel whereas the contralateral portion was effected using the Colorado MicroDissection Needle -LRB- Colorado Biomedical Inc. , Evergreen , CO , U.S.A. -RRB- according to optimal usage instructions . At the conclusion of the study period , precise measurements of the resultant width of alopecia were obtained from the parietal and temporal regions bilaterally , and were analyzed statistically . Also , parents completed a questionnaire concerning subjective observations of the surgical incision and its healing . The portions of the incision completed with the Colorado MicroDissection Needle demonstrated a wider area of peri-incisional alopecia -LRB- 5.8 + / - 1.8 mm -RRB- than that produced by the cold scalpel -LRB- 3.5 + / - 0.87 mm -RRB- . Not only was this increased width significant statistically -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- , in addition the disparity was noted by the majority of parents -LRB- 10 of 12 -RRB- either on the patient questionnaire or with nonsuggestive verbal questioning . Diathermy is used widely in neurosurgical procedures , mainly for subcutaneous and deeper layers dissection . The use on scalp and skin of other body parts has been precluded by the fear of scar formation and wound dehiscence . One-hundred-and-seventy-seven skin incisions for neurosurgical procedures have been performed using the micro-needle electrocautery scalpel -LRB- MES -RRB- and the steel scalpel . The elements in this study included : electrocautery generator unit , cutting mode , power , waveform , size and shape of the MES , depth of the incision , the speed of the electrode movement through tissue , amount of blood loss , physical inspection of the wound edges and wound complication . Patients tolerated the procedures well , with no increased risk from the use of the MES . Only two incisions had wound infection and dehiscence . All other patients had usual wound healing . Time taken during skin opening was significantly shorter when using the MES . Blood loss during skin opening was three to five times less when the micro-needle electrocautery scalpel was used . The MES is both safe and useful in neurosurgical procedures . The findings of this study recommend the use of the MES in all neurosurgical procedures , especially when blood loss has significant importance , such as in paediatric cases . The CO2 laser is a common surgical modality in dermatology . To clarify conflicting reports on the histological healing properties of CO2 laser on incisional or ablative wounds , we have applied it in a miniature hairless porcine skin model at power settings similar to those used in clinical practice . Histological parameters of wound healing in skin incisions using the CO2 laser were compared with those using scalpel , hot scalpel , and electrosection , and in dermal ablation using CO2 laser , fraize , wire brush , and electrofulguration alone or with curettage . In incisional wounds , tissue damage was most extensive in CO2 laser wounds , with delayed dermal healing and reepithelialization . In ablative wounds , CO2 laser caused a similar degree of tissue damage as did the electrosurgical modalities , and more damage than did fraize or wire brush . Reepithelialization was complete in CO2 laser , fraize , and wire brush wounds before electrosurgical wounds . Final histology of both incisional and ablative wounds at 6 weeks was similar with all surgical modalities . The CO2 laser and electrosurgery both produce greater focal tissue damage in incisional and ablative applications than the other modalities . Delayed epithelialization of the wound occurs with both modalities in incisional wounds but only with electrosurgery in ablative wounds . At 6 weeks , the appearance of the scar in all incisional and ablative modalities is similar grossly and histologically . Confirmation of these findings requires standardization of power density of the CO2 laser in incision and ablation . Surgical instruments capable of sealing blood vessels while incising skin were compared to standard scalpel incisions in rats and the resultant scars examined in the early stages of wound healing for both gross and histological appearances . Those instruments which provide for hemostasis appear to do so with a delay in the early phases of wound healing .
Cytomegalovirus -LRB- CMV -RRB- infection may cause serious disease after hematopoietic cell transplantation -LRB- HCT -RRB- and solid organ transplantation -LRB- SOT -RRB- , but few reports describe ganciclovir -LRB- GCV -RRB- resistance in pediatric patients . This study was performed to describe the clinical impact of CMV infection with UL97 mutation in pediatric transplant recipients . Quantitative surveillance data for CMV infection in pediatric patients between October 2001 and February 2007 at the University of Washington were analyzed . Testing for UL97 mutation was performed in selected patients with prolonged CMV viremia despite therapy . Data associated with the detection of UL97 mutations were reviewed . CMV was detected in 89 pediatric transplant recipients . Among these , 39 had undergone HCT and 50 SOT -LRB- 12 heart , 22 kidney , 15 liver , and 1 bilateral lung transplants -RRB- . CMV with at least one UL97 sequence variation was detected in 5 patients : 4 HCT recipients -LRB- 4/39 , 10 % -RRB- and 1 heart transplant recipient -LRB- 1/50 , 2 % -RRB- . All 5 pediatric patients were CMV seropositive before transplantation . Underlying conditions included chronic myelogenous leukemia , primary immunodeficiency disorders , and hypoplastic left heart syndrome . One known GCV drug-resistant mutation was detected in 2 HCT recipients -LRB- A594V -RRB- . Three strain variants with mutations considered to have no significant impact on UL97 function -LRB- H469Y , N510S , and D605E -RRB- were detected . Two of these 5 patients died , 1 because of uncontrolled CMV infection and 1 with other complications . UL97 drug-resistant mutations occur in pediatric transplant recipients with CMV viremia and can cause serious disease . Screening for mutations conferring resistance to CMV antivirals should be considered for patients with persistent viremia during therapy and the sequences of UL97 mutations evaluated . Cytomegalovirus -LRB- CMV -RRB- disease and infection refractory to antiviral treatment after allogeneic stem cell transplantation -LRB- allo-SCT -RRB- is associated with a high mortality . Adoptive transfer of CMV-specific T cells could reconstitute viral immunity after SCT and could protect from CMV-related complications . However , logistics of producing virus-specific T-cell grafts limited the clinical application . We treated 18 patients after allo-SCT from human leukocyte antigen-mismatched/haploidentical or human leukocyte antigen-matched unrelated donors with polyclonal CMV-specific T cells generated by ex vivo stimulation with pp65 , followed by isolation of interferon-γ-producing cells . Patients with CMV disease or viremia refractory to antiviral chemotherapy or both were eligible for adoptive T-cell transfer and received a mean of 21 × 10 ³ / kg pp65-specific T cells . In 83 % of cases CMV infection was cleared or viral burden was significantly reduced , even in cases of CMV encephalitis -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- . Viral control was associated with in vivo expansion of CMV-specific T lymphocytes in 12 of 16 evaluable cases , resulting in reconstitution of antiviral T-cell responses , without graft-versus-host disease induction or acute side effects . Our findings indicate that the infusion of low numbers of CMV-specific T cells is safe , feasible , and effective as a treatment on demand for refractory CMV infection and CMV disease after allo-SCT . Adoptive transfer of virus-specific T cells may accelerate reconstitution of antigen-specific immunity and limit the morbidity and mortality of viral infections following allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation . The logistics of producing virus-specific T cells has , however , limited the application of cellular therapies , particularly following the introduction of more-recent regulatory stipulations . We investigated the ability of cytomegalovirus-specific T cells , directly isolated from donor leucapheresates on the basis of interferon γ secretion , to restore antiviral immunity in a group of 25 patients following related-donor transplantation in a single-arm phase I-II study . Selected cells were administered early following transplantation , either after the detection of cytomegalovirus DNA by polymerase chain reaction-based surveillance or prophylactically between day 40 and day 50 . Cell selection was successful in all cases , yielding a product biased towards CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- over CD8 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells . The target cell dose of 1 × 10 -LRB- 4 -RRB- CD3 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells/kg of recipient weight contained a median of 2840 cytomegalovirus-specific CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- cells/kg and 630 cytomegalovirus-specific CD8 -LRB- + -RRB- cells/kg , with a median purity of 43.9 % interferon γ-secreting cells . Expansions of both CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- and CD8 -LRB- + -RRB- cytomegalovirus-specific T cells were observed in vivo within days of adoptive transfer . These cells were predominantly terminally differentiated effector-memory cells and showed the same T cell receptor variable β chain -LRB- TCRBV -RRB- - restriction as the infused cells . They offered protection from reinfection in the majority of patients . These data indicate that application of cytomegalovirus-specific T cells generated by direct selection using γ-capture is both feasible and effective in a clinical environment . These simple in vitro methodologies should allow more widespread application of virus-specific T cell immunotherapies . The profound immunodeficiency associated with allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation is permissive to uncontrolled replication of latent human herpesviridae such as cytomegalovirus . Morbidity and mortality associated with viral dissemination or its treatment are significant . Although adoptive cellular therapy with virus-specific T cells offers the potential for accelerating pathogen-specific immune reconstitution , the risk of induction of graft-versus-host disease and the logistics of production of clonal T cell populations restrict application . There were no immediate toxicities and no excess of graft-versus-host disease . Massive in vivo expansions of cytomegalovirus-specific T lymphocytes occurred , temporally associating with periods of viral replication , suggesting that antigen exposure was necessary for optimal cytomegalovirus-specific immune reconstitution . The expanding populations maintained functional competence in ex vivo re-stimulation assays , promoting reconstitution of durable functional cytomegalovirus-specific immunity and effectively preventing recurrent viral infection and late cytomegalovirus disease . These data confirm the ability of cellular immunotherapy to hasten reconstitution of antiviral immunity following
Total hip replacement is a major surgical procedure usually associated with significant pain in the early postoperative period . Several anaesthetic and analgesic techniques are in common clinical use for this procedure but , to date , clinical studies of pain after total hip replacement have not been systematically assessed . Using the Cochrane protocol , we have conducted a systematic review of analgesic , anaesthetic and surgical interventions affecting postoperative pain after total hip replacement . In addition to the review , transferable evidence from other relevant procedures and clinical practice observations collated by the Delphi method were used to develop evidence-based recommendations for the treatment of postoperative pain . For primary total hip replacement , PROSPECT recommends either general anaesthesia combined with a peripheral nerve block that is continued after surgery or an intrathecal -LRB- spinal -RRB- injection of local anaesthetic and opioid . The primary analgesic technique should be combined with a step-down approach using paracetamol plus conventional non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , with strong or weak opioids as required . Total hip arthroplasty -LRB- THA -RRB- is a common procedure associated with moderate postoperative pain . No nerve block without loss of motor function has been documented for THA . We hypothesised that an ultrasound-guided lateral femoral cutaneous nerve -LRB- LFCN -RRB- block added to a multimodal postoperative pain regimen would reduce postoperative pain after THA . One hundred patients who had a THA by the posterior approach were evaluated in this randomised , placebo-controlled , blinded , parallel-group trial comparing an ultrasound-guided LFCN-block with either 8 ml of ropivacaine , 7.5 mg/ml , -LRB- Group Ropivacaine -RRB- or 8 ml of saline -LRB- Group Placebo -RRB- given postoperatively . Surgery was performed under spinal anaesthesia . The primary outcome was pain -LRB- measured on a Visual Analogue Scale -LRB- VAS -RRB- -RRB- 4 h post-blockade during 30 ° flexion of the hip . Secondary outcomes were pain at rest , pain during movement , oxycodone consumption -LRB- 0-24 h -RRB- , time to mobilisation , ability to mobilise , and length of stay . Patients , assessors and all staff involved with patient care were blinded to the intervention . There was no difference in primary outcome between Group Ropivacaine and Group Placebo -LRB- VAS 27 mm vs. 31 mm , p = 0.41 ; difference -5 mm -LRB- 95 % CI : -15 mm - +5 mm -RRB- . No adverse events , or harms , were observed during the trial . We found no added analgesic effect of a LFCN-block when combined with paracetamol and ibuprofen after THA by the posterior approach . EudraCT : 2013-004501-12 -LRB- December 16th 2013 -RRB- . Peripheral regional nerve blocks are commonly used for pain management after lower extremity surgery , but motor blockade can be a significant concern . The lateral femoral cutaneous nerve -LRB- LFCN -RRB- is a purely sensory nerve from the lumbar plexus . We hypothesised that an LFCN block would reduce movement-related pain after total hip arthroplasty -LRB- THA -RRB- in patients with moderate-to-severe pain . Sixty patients with visual analogue scale -LRB- VAS -RRB- score > 40 mm during 30-degree active flexion of the hip on either the first or second postoperative day after THA were included in this prospective , randomised , blinded , placebo-controlled trial . Group A received an LFCN block with 8 ml of 0.75 % ropivacaine followed after 45 min by an additional LFCN block with 8 ml of saline . Group B received an LFCN block with 8 ml of saline followed after 45 min by an additional LFCN block with 8 ml of 0.75 % ropivacaine . We found a difference of 17 mm -LRB- 95 % CI , 4-31 mm ; P < 0.02 -RRB- in VAS pain score during 30-degree flexion of the hip 45 min after the first block -LRB- primary outcome -RRB- in favour of group A. No other significant difference between groups regarding pain during mobilisation and at rest was found . The overall non-responder rate -LRB- < 15 mm pain reduction -RRB- was 42 % . LFCN block reduced movement-related pain in patients with moderate-to-severe pain after THA . The substantial non-responder rate limits recommendations of this block as part of a standard analgesic treatment regimen . This paper seeks to assess the potential use of blocking the lateral cutaneous femoral nerve -LRB- LCN -RRB- for patients undergoing hip surgery . In this study , ultrasound guidance was used to specifically block the LCN using a small volume of local anaesthetic in 20 healthy volunteer anaesthetists . An orthopaedic surgeon then drew lines on the volunteers reflecting three common cutaneous incision lines -LRB- anterolateral , lateral , and posterior approach -RRB- for hip arthroplasty using an ultraviolet reflecting pen invisible in normal lighting . The relationship between the anaesthesia produced by this block and the marked incision lines was then assessed . More than half -LRB- 32 of 60 -RRB- of the drawn incision lines fell completely outside of the anaesthesia produced by the LCN block . Of the remaining incision lines drawn , most were less than half covered by LCN blockade with only three lines more than 50 % covered and none more than 75 % covered . The skin anaesthesia produced by LCN blockade was usually anterior and inferior to the surgical lines marked . This significant lack of overlap between common hip arthroplasty incision lines and the anaesthesia produced by blockade of the lateral cutaneous femoral nerve draws into question the utility of this block for hip surgery .
In this study , we investigated whether progression status at 6 months predicts survival from that time , implying the potential for prolonged survival if progression could be delayed . We also evaluated earlier time points to determine whether the time of progression assessment alters the strength of the prediction . Data were from 596 patient enrollments -LRB- 159 with grade III gliomas and 437 with grade IV tumors -RRB- in NABTC phase II protocols between February 1998 and December 2002 . Outcome was assessed statistically using Kaplan-Meier curves and Cox proportional hazards models . Twenty-eight percent of patients with grade III and 16 % of patients with grade IV tumors had progression-free survival of > 26 weeks . Including KPS , age , number of prior chemotherapies , and response in a multivariate model did not substantively change the results . Progression status at 6 months is a strong predictor of survival , and 6moPFS is a valid end point for trials of therapy for recurrent malignant glioma .
Migraine pathophysiology is associated with a dural inflammation . Recent evidence suggests that the primary inflammation occurs in a maxillary nerve segment , accessible intraorally . Local tenderness , related to symptom laterality , has been palpated consistently in asymptomatic migraine patients , and significant migraine relief has been obtained from chilling confined to this area . Thirty-five symptomatic episodic migraine patients were enrolled in this study , comparing 40 minutes of bilateral intraoral chilling , 50 mg of oral sumatriptan , and 40 minutes of sham -LRB- tongue -RRB- chilling . Hollow metal tubes chilled by circulating ice water were held in the maxillary molar periapical areas by the patient . Pain and nausea were recorded at baseline and 1 , 2 , 4 , and 24 hours after start of treatment , using a numeric symptom-relief scale . Significant mean headache relief was obtained by maxillary chilling and sumatriptan at all four time intervals , with poor relief obtained by placebo . Maxillary chilling was more effective than sumatriptan at all four time intervals . Significant nausea relief was obtained by maxillary chilling and sumatriptan at posttreatment and 2 and 4 hours later . At 24 hours , some headache and nausea recurrence was noted with sumatriptan . The repeated-measures analysis of variance indicated that both treatments , drug -LRB- P = 0.024 -RRB- and maxillary chilling -LRB- P = 0.001 -RRB- , reduced the headache , as compared with the control group . Tenderness suggests local inflammation associated with vasodilatation and edema . Because chilling can resolve local edema , these findings raise the possibility that an intraoral inflammation may be a factor in migraine etiology . Cold therapy has long been the number one self-care treatment employed for migraine without aura and the second most common for migraine with aura , yet its mechanism remains elusive . In this study , a mechanism by which this time-tested therapy works is proposed -LRB- by cooling the blood passing through intracranial vessels -RRB- in an attempt to further elucidate its beneficial effects . The study is designed as a randomized , controlled , crossover clinical trial utilizing an adjustable wrap containing two freezable ice packs targeting the carotid arteries at the neck , where they come close to the skin surface . Fifty-five participants successfully completed the study . These findings confirm the application of a frozen neck wrap at onset of migraine headache targeting the carotid arteries at the neck significantly reduced recorded pain in participants with migraine headaches -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . We investigated the use of self-administered pain-relieving manoeuvres on a sample of 400 patients with primary headaches -- represented by an even distribution of migraine without aura -LRB- MO -RRB- , migraine with aura -LRB- MA -RRB- , episodic tension-type headache -LRB- TH -RRB- , and cluster headache -LRB- CH -RRB- -- consecutively seen at Padua and Parma Headache Centres . Manoeuvres on various regions of the head were used by 258 patients -LRB- 65 % of the cases -RRB- . The most applied procedures were : compression -LRB- 114 out of 382 manoeuvres ; 30 % -RRB- , application of cold -LRB- 27 % -RRB- , massage -LRB- 25 % -RRB- and application of heat -LRB- 8 % -RRB- . A significant -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- relationship was found between headache diagnoses and type of manoeuvre . In MO patients the application of cold -LRB- 38 % of the manoeuvres -RRB- and compression -LRB- 36 % -RRB- , used mainly on the forehead and temples , prevailed ; compression , mainly on the temples , was the most frequent procedure -LRB- 44 % -RRB- in MA patients . Massage on the temples and nape was the predominant manoeuvre -LRB- 43 % -RRB- in TH patients , whereas in the CH group , which more often required heterogeneous procedures , none of the above-mentioned manoeuvres was prevalent . Compression , as a diagnostic criterion for MO , had a sensitivity of 33 % and a specificity of 86 % ; for the application of cold the figures were 36 % and 84 % , respectively . Massage had a sensitivity of 33 % and a specificity of 80 % for TH . The efficacy of the self-administered manoeuvres in reducing pain was scarce . Only 8 % of the manoeuvres , in fact , resulted in a good or excellent pain control . Moreover , the efficacy of the manoeuvre was often momentary , wearing off when the manoeuvre stopped . In spite of this , 46 % of the subjects used the manoeuvres constantly , at each attack . We report the results of a study conducted recently at the Diamond Headache Clinic , Chicago , on the effectiveness of application of cold as an adjunctive therapy for acute headache . Ninety clinic outpatients were divided evenly into three groups according to headache type -- migraine , cluster , and mixed . They used the standard headache medication for two attacks and the standard medication plus application of cold with a reusable , frozen gel pack for two attacks . There was no significant difference in patient response to the gel pack by headache type . Seventy-one percent of patients considered the pack effective ; 52 % reported an immediate decrease in pain , and 63 % reported an overall decrease in pain . Seventy-one percent of patients intended to use the gel pack in the future . Use of such gel packs , which are available commercially , does not damage the skin . Our study indicates that cold application does provide some symptomatic relief of headache ; it may also offer psychological alleviation of the pain .
Laparoscopic adrenalectomy -LRB- LA -RRB- has replaced open adrenalectomy as the standard operation for non-malignant adrenal tumours . Retroperitoneoscopic adrenalectomy -LRB- RA -RRB- is an increasingly popular alternative minimally invasive approach . Advocates of each technique claim its superiority , but the issue has yet to be resolved and conclusions are complicated by the existence of a lateral -LRB- LRA -RRB- and true posterior -LRB- PRA -RRB- RA . A literature search was performed for all comparative studies of RA versus LA . Meta-analysis was performed according to PRISMA guidelines . Odds ratios and standardized mean differences -LRB- SMD -RRB- were used to compare dichotomous and continuous outcomes respectively . Twenty-two studies were included , reporting on 1257 LAs , 471 LRAs and 238 PRAs . Both PRA and LRA were associated with a reduced length of hospital stay : SMD - 1 · 45 -LRB- 95 per cent confidence interval - 2 · 76 to - 0 · 14 -RRB- and - 0 · 54 -LRB- -1 · 04 to - 0 · 03 -RRB- days respectively compared with LA . Interstudy heterogeneity was present throughout the comparisons of hospital stay . When considering only the two randomized clinical trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- there was no statistically significant difference in this outcome . One RCT , however , found a reduction in the median time to convalescence of 2 · 4 weeks in the LRA group . There were no differences in duration of operation , blood loss , time to ambulation and oral intake , or complication rates between techniques . RA overall has equivalent outcomes to LA but may be associated with a shorter hospital stay . Laparoscopic adrenalectomy -LRB- LA -RRB- is a safe minimally invasive approach for treatment of pheochromocytoma -LRB- PHEO -RRB- . Posterior retroperitoneoscopic adrenalectomy -LRB- PRA -RRB- is an alternative minimally invasive technique ; however , there is a lack of data regarding the appropriateness of this approach in patients with PHEO . Our endocrine surgery database was queried to identify patients who underwent LA or PRA for PHEO . Patient and tumor characteristics , as well as operative details and postoperative course were compared between the 2 groups . LA or PRA was attempted in 46 patients with PHEO -LRB- 23 LA , 23 PRA -RRB- . There were no differences in age , BMI , or tumor size between these groups . There was no significant difference in rates of conversion to an open procedure or perioperative complications between these groups . LA and PRA are both safe and effective approaches in patients with PHEO . In our experience , PRA results in decreased operative times , blood loss , and postoperative length of stay compared with LA . PRA has become our preferred approach for patients with PHEO . Posterior retroperitoneoscopic adrenalectomy -LRB- PRA -RRB- is an excellent surgical option for adrenal gland removal . The operation requires that surgeons learn a new approach with few similarities to anterior adrenalectomy . This study reports a large series of PRAs incorporated into surgical care using a team-model approach . The prospective endocrine surgery database was queried to identify patients who underwent PRA during a recent 4-year period . Demographic , operative , and pathologic data were recorded . The authors ' initial experiences with PRA -LRB- group 1 -RRB- are compared with our contemporary experience -LRB- group 2 -RRB- . One hundred and eighteen PRAs were successfully performed -LRB- 100 unilateral and 9 bilateral -RRB- . Indications were pheochromocytoma in 21 patients , Cushing 's syndrome or Cushing 's disease in 22 patients , aldosteronoma in 22 patients , virilizing tumor in 3 patients , isolated metastasis in 28 patients , and nonfunctional mass in 19 patients . Forty-eight percent of patients had undergone earlier abdominal surgery . Forty-eight percent were obese -LRB- body mass index -LSB- calculated as kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RSB- ≥ 30 -RRB- . Both complications -LRB- 15.9 % versus 7.7 % , p = 0.29 -RRB- and conversion rates -LRB- 9.5 % versus 1.9 % , p = 0.19 -RRB- were lower in group 2 , although this was not statistically significant . PRA is a technique safely performed for a variety of adrenal lesions , is ideal for patients who have undergone earlier abdominal surgery , and is feasible in obese patients . Proficiency can be obtained during a short period , leading to low conversion and complication rates . This technique should be incorporated into the armamentarium of the endocrine surgeon . A team approach to learning new surgical techniques is effective . To assess the immediate -LRB- 0-4 hours -RRB- postoperative pain level in patients after laparoscopy and laparotomy whose analgesic requirement in the Post-Anesthesia Care Unit -LRB- PACU -RRB- exceeds standard morphine therapy . Clinical observation has raised the suspicion that laparoscopic surgery may be associated with more intense immediate postoperative pain than expected . This prospective study assessed the 24-hour pain intensity and analgesia requirements in patients who underwent similar abdominal surgery via laparoscopy or laparotomy under standardized general anesthesia and whose pain in the PACU was resistant to 120 microg/kg intravenous morphine . Of 145 sampled PACU patients , 67 were in pain -LRB- > or = 6 of 10 VAS -RRB- within a 30-minute postoperative period . They were then given up to 4 intravenous boluses of 15 microg/kg morphine + 250 microg/kg ketamine . The pain VAS of 36 laparotomy patients was 4.14 + / - 2.14 -LRB- SD -RRB- and 1.39 + / - 0.55 at 10 and 120 minutes , respectively , after 1.33 + / - 0.59 doses of morphine + ketamine ; the pain VAS of 31 laparoscopy patient was 6.06 + / - 1.75 and 2.81 + / - 1.14 , respectively -LRB- P < 0.0005 -RRB- following 2.0 + / - 0.53 doses -LRB- P = 0.0005 -RRB- . Diclofenac 75 mg intramuscular usage was similar -LRB- P = 0.43 -RRB-
The presence of coexisting conditions has a substantial effect on the outcome of acute myocardial infarction . Renal failure is associated with one of the highest risks , but the influence of milder degrees of renal impairment is less well defined . As part of the Valsartan in Acute Myocardial Infarction Trial -LRB- VALIANT -RRB- , we identified 14,527 patients with acute myocardial infarction complicated by clinical or radiologic signs of heart failure , left ventricular dysfunction , or both , and a documented serum creatinine measurement . Patients were randomly assigned to receive captopril , valsartan , or both . The glomerular filtration rate -LRB- GFR -RRB- was estimated by means of the four-component Modification of Diet in Renal Disease equation , and the patients were grouped according to their estimated GFR . We used a 70-candidate variable model to adjust and compare overall mortality and composite cardiovascular events among four GFR groups . The distribution of estimated GFR was wide and normally shaped , with a mean -LRB- + / - SD -RRB- value of 70 + / -21 ml per minute per 1.73 m2 of body-surface area . The prevalence of coexisting risk factors , prior cardiovascular disease , and a Killip class of more than I was greatest among patients with a reduced estimated GFR -LRB- less than 45.0 ml per minute per 1.73 m2 -RRB- , and the use of aspirin , beta-blockers , statins , or coronary-revascularization procedures was lowest in this group . The risk of death or the composite end point of death from cardiovascular causes , reinfarction , congestive heart failure , stroke , or resuscitation after cardiac arrest increased with declining estimated GFRs . Although the rate of renal events increased with declining estimated GFRs , the adverse outcomes were predominantly cardiovascular . Below 81.0 ml per minute per 1.73 m2 , each reduction of the estimated GFR by 10 units was associated with a hazard ratio for death and nonfatal cardiovascular outcomes of 1.10 -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 1.08 to 1.12 -RRB- , which was independent of the treatment assignment . Even mild renal disease , as assessed by the estimated GFR , should be considered a major risk factor for cardiovascular complications after a myocardial infarction . We sought to determine the effect of varying degrees of renal insufficiency on death and cardiac events during and after a percutaneous coronary intervention -LRB- PCI -RRB- . Patients with end-stage renal disease have a high mortality from coronary artery disease . Little is known about the impact of mild and moderate renal insufficiency on clinical outcomes after PCI . Cardiac mortality and all-cause mortality were determined for 5,327 patients undergoing PCI from January 1 , 1994 , to August 31 , 1999 , at the Mayo Clinic , based on the estimated creatinine clearance or whether the patient was on dialysis . In-hospital mortality was significantly associated with renal insufficiency -LRB- p = 0.001 -RRB- . Even after successful PCI , one-year mortality was 1.5 % when the creatinine clearance was > or = 70 ml/min -LRB- n = 2,558 -RRB- , 3.6 % when it was 50 to 69 ml/min -LRB- n = 1,458 -RRB- , 7.8 % when it was 30 to 49 ml/min -LRB- n = 828 -RRB- and 18.3 % when it was < 30 ml/min -LRB- n = 141 -RRB- . The 18.3 % mortality rate for the group with < 30 ml/min creatinine clearance was similar to the 19.9 % mortality rate in patients on dialysis -LRB- n = 46 -RRB- . The mortality risk was largely independent of all other factors . Renal insufficiency is a strong predictor of death and subsequent cardiac events in a dose-dependent fashion during and after PCI . Patients with renal insufficiency have more baseline cardiovascular risk factors , but renal insufficiency is associated with an increased risk of death and other adverse cardiovascular events , independent of all other measured variables . Chronic kidney disease -LRB- CKD -RRB- is a risk factor for myocardial infarction -LRB- MI -RRB- and death . Our goal was to characterize the association between CKD severity and short-term outcomes and the use of in-hospital evidence-based therapies among patients with ST-segment elevation MI -LRB- STEMI -RRB- and non-ST-segment elevation MI -LRB- NSTEMI -RRB- . The study sample was drawn from the Acute Coronary Treatment and Intervention Outcomes Network registry , a nationwide sample of STEMI -LRB- n = 19 029 -RRB- and NSTEMI -LRB- n = 30 462 -RRB- patients . Estimated glomerular filtration rate was calculated with the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease equation in relation to use of immediate -LRB- first 24 hours -RRB- therapies and early -LRB- first 48 hours -RRB- cardiac catheterization as well as in-hospital major bleeding events and death . Overall , 30.5 % and 42.9 % of patients with STEMI and NSTEMI , respectively , had CKD . Regardless of MI type , patients with progressively more severe CKD had higher rates of death . For STEMI , the odds ratio for stage 3a , 3b , 4 , and 5 CKD compared with patients with no CKD was 2.49 , 3.72 , 4.82 , and 7.97 , respectively -LRB- P -LRB- trend -RRB- < 0.0001 -RRB- . For NSTEMI , the analogous odds ratios were 1.81 , 2.41 , 3.50 , and 4.09 -LRB- P for trend < 0.0001 -RRB- . In addition , patients with progressively more severe CKD were less likely to receive immediate evidence-based therapies including aspirin , beta-blockers , or clopidogrel , were less likely to undergo any reperfusion -LRB- STEMI -RRB- or revascularization -LRB- NSTEMI -RRB- , and had higher rates of bleeding . Reports over the past decade have highlighted the importance of CKD among patients with MI . Data from this contemporary cohort suggest that patients with CKD still receive fewer evidence-based therapies and have substantially higher mortality rates . To determine the effects of
Bronchiolitis is a disorder most commonly caused in infants by viral lower respiratory tract infection . It is the most common lower respiratory infection in this age group . It is characterized by acute inflammation , edema , and necrosis of epithelial cells lining small airways , increased mucus production , and bronchospasm . The American Academy of Pediatrics convened a committee composed of primary care physicians and specialists in the fields of pulmonology , infectious disease , emergency medicine , epidemiology , and medical informatics . The committee partnered with the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the RTI International-University of North Carolina Evidence-Based Practice Center to develop a comprehensive review of the evidence-based literature related to the diagnosis , management , and prevention of bronchiolitis . The resulting evidence report and other sources of data were used to formulate clinical practice guideline recommendations . This guideline addresses the diagnosis of bronchiolitis as well as various therapeutic interventions including bronchodilators , corticosteroids , antiviral and antibacterial agents , hydration , chest physiotherapy , and oxygen . Recommendations are made for prevention of respiratory syncytial virus infection with palivizumab and the control of nosocomial spread of infection . Decisions were made on the basis of a systematic grading of the quality of evidence and strength of recommendation . The clinical practice guideline underwent comprehensive peer review before it was approved by the American Academy of Pediatrics . This clinical practice guideline is not intended as a sole source of guidance in the management of children with bronchiolitis . Rather , it is intended to assist clinicians in decision-making . It is not intended to replace clinical judgment or establish a protocol for the care of all children with this condition . These recommendations may not provide the only appropriate approach to the management of children with bronchiolitis . Respiratory syncytial virus -LRB- RSV -RRB- causes more lower respiratory tract infections , often manifested as bronchiolitis , among young children than any other pathogen . Few national estimates exist of the hospitalizations attributable to RSV , and recent advances in prophylaxis warrant an update of these estimates . To describe rates of bronchiolitis-associated hospitalizations and to estimate current hospitalizations associated with RSV infection . Descriptive analysis of US National Hospital Discharge Survey data from 1980 through 1996 . Children younger than 5 years who were hospitalized in short-stay , non-federal hospitals for bronchiolitis . Bronchiolitis-associated hospitalization rates by age and year . During the 17-year study period , an estimated 1.65 million hospitalizations for bronchiolitis occurred among children younger than 5 years , accounting for 7.0 million inpatient days . Fifty-seven percent of these hospitalizations occurred among children younger than 6 months and 81 % among those younger than 1 year . Among children younger than 1 year , annual bronchiolitis hospitalization rates increased 2.4-fold , from 12.9 per 1000 in 1980 to 31.2 per 1000 in 1996 . During 1988-1996 , infant hospitalization rates for bronchiolitis increased significantly -LRB- P for trend < .001 -RRB- , while hospitalization rates for lower respiratory tract diseases excluding bronchiolitis did not vary significantly -LRB- P for trend = .20 -RRB- . The proportion of hospitalizations for lower respiratory tract illnesses among children younger than 1 year associated with bronchiolitis increased from 22.2 % in 1980 to 47.4 % in 1996 ; among total hospitalizations , this proportion increased from 5.4 % to 16.4 % . Averaging bronchiolitis hospitalizations during 1994-1996 and assuming that RSV was the etiologic agent in 50 % to 80 % of November through April hospitalizations , an estimated 51 , 240 to 81 , 985 annual bronchiolitis hospitalizations among children younger than 1 year were related to RSV infection . During 1980-1996 , rates of hospitalization of infants with bronchiolitis increased substantially , as did the proportion of total and lower respiratory tract hospitalizations associated with bronchiolitis . Annual bronchiolitis hospitalizations associated with RSV infection among infants may be greater than previous estimates for RSV bronchiolitis and pneumonia hospitalizations combined . The effect of inhaled nebulised racemic adrenaline upon symptoms of acute bronchiolitis was investigated in 29 infants and toddlers aged 2-17.5 months by transcutaneous oxygen tension -LRB- TcPO2 -RRB- , oxygen saturation , transcutaneous carbon dioxide tension -LRB- TcPCO2 -RRB- , and clinical evaluation in a double blind placebo controlled study . Clinical score and TcPO2 improved significantly at 30 , 45 , and 60 minutes after inhalation of racemic adrenaline , with an increase in TcPO2 > or = 0.5 kPa in 72 % of the children < 1 year of age . No significant improvement was observed after inhalation of placebo . No significant changes in heart rate or TcPCO2 were observed from before to after inhalation , but a small increase in mean systolic blood pressure was observed immediately and 45 minutes after racemic adrenaline inhalation . This study demonstrates that treatment with nebulised racemic adrenaline improved oxygenation and clinical signs in hospitalised children aged less than 18 months with bronchiolitis . Bronchodilators are commonly used in the management of bronchiolitis in North America but not in the United Kingdom . The objective of this review was to assess the effects of bronchodilators on clinical outcomes in infants with acute bronchiolitis . In this updated review , we searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials -LRB- CENTRAL -RRB- and the Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects -LRB- DARE -RRB- -LRB- The Cochrane Library , Issue 1 , 2006 -RRB- , MEDLINE -LRB- 1966 to October 2005 -RRB- , EMBASE -LRB- 2003 to September 2005 -RRB- and the reference lists of articles . The files of one author -LRB- AG -RRB- were also reviewed . Randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- comparing bronchodilators -LRB- other than epinephrine -RRB- with placebo in the treatment of bronchiolitis . For this updated review , one author assessed trial quality and extracted data . Unpublished data were requested from study authors when necessary . Twenty-two clinical trials
Roux-en-Y gastric bypass -LRB- RYGB -RRB- surgery has negative effects on bone , mediated in part by effects on nutrient absorption . Not only can RYGB result in vitamin D malabsorption , but the bypassed duodenum and proximal jejunum are also the predominant sites of active , transcellular , 1,25 -LRB- OH -RRB- 2 D-mediated calcium -LRB- Ca -RRB- uptake . However , Ca absorption occurs throughout the intestine , and those who undergo RYGB might maintain sufficient Ca absorption , particularly if vitamin D status and Ca intake are robust . We determined the effects of RYGB on intestinal fractional Ca absorption -LRB- FCA -RRB- while maintaining ample 25OHD levels -LRB- goal ≥ 30 ng/mL -RRB- and Ca intake -LRB- 1200 mg daily -RRB- in a prospective cohort of 33 obese adults -LRB- BMI 44.7 ± 7.4 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- . FCA was measured preoperatively and 6 months postoperatively with a dual stable isotope method . Other measures included calciotropic hormones , bone turnover markers , and BMD by DXA and QCT . Mean 6-month weight loss was 32.5 ± 8.4 kg -LRB- 25.8 % ± 5.2 % of preoperative weight -RRB- . Bone turnover markers increased markedly , areal BMD decreased at the proximal femur , and volumetric BMD decreased at the spine -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . Those with lower postoperative FCA had greater increases in serum CTx -LRB- ρ = -0.43 , p = 0.01 -RRB- . Declines in FCA and BMD were not correlated over the 6 months . In conclusion , FCA decreased dramatically after RYGB , even with most 25OHD levels ≥ 30 ng/mL and with recommended Ca intake . RYGB patients may need high Ca intake to prevent perturbations in Ca homeostasis , although the approach to Ca supplementation needs further study . Decline in FCA could contribute to the decline in BMD after RYGB , and strategies to avoid long-term skeletal consequences should be investigated .
Different doses of oral icotinib were administered once every 8 h -LRB- Q8H -RRB- for a 28-continuous-day cycle until disease progression and or undue toxicity was observed . PK studies of subjects ' blood were performed during cycle one -LRB- day 1 through 28 -RRB- . K-ras and EGFR mutations in the extracted DNA of fourteen specimens were examined using PCR-based direct sequencing assay . Thirty-six patients were enrolled in the study . PK analysis demonstrated that the mean elimination half-life of icotinib was 6 h , and the T -LRB- max -RRB- was around 2 h . The steady-state concentration of icotinib administered at a dose of 125 mg once every 8 h -LRB- Q8H -RRB- was significantly higher than that achieved by a dose of 100 mg Q8H . The most frequent treatment-related adverse events -LRB- TRAEs -RRB- were an acne-like -LRB- folliculitis -RRB- rash -LRB- 16/36 , 44.4 % -RRB- , diarrhea -LRB- 8/36 , 22.2 % -RRB- and a decrease in white blood cells -LRB- 4/36 , 11.1 % -RRB- . The maximum-tolerated dose -LRB- MTD -RRB- was not reached . Among 33 patients with NSCLC , 7 patients exhibited a partial response , 7 showed stable disease at the 24 weeks . Among 14 patients undergoing DNA sequence for K-ras and EGFR mutations , 3 with K-ras mutation presented 2 stable disease -LRB- SD -RRB- and 1 partial response -LRB- PR -RRB- , 5 with EGFR exon 19 or 21 mutation 2 PR and 3 SD within 4 weeks . Oral icotinib was generally well tolerated , with manageable and reversible adverse events -LRB- AEs -RRB- and showed positive clinical anti-tumor activities in patients with advanced NSCLC .
A total of 191 patients -LRB- 26 men -RRB- with asymptomatic pHPT -LSB- mean age 64.2 + / - 7.4 -LRB- sd -RRB- yr -RSB- were recruited in the study and randomized to medical observation -LRB- serum calcium level 2.69 + / - 0.08 mmol/liter -RRB- or surgery -LRB- 2.70 + / - 0.08 mmol/liter -RRB- . We here report baseline and 1 -LRB- n = 119 -RRB- and 2 yr data -LRB- n = 99 -RRB- on those who had completed the follow-up visits by the end of the inclusion period . At baseline , the patients had significantly lower QoL -LRB- SF-36 -RRB- and more psychological symptoms , compared with age - and sex-matched healthy subjects . The two groups were similar at baseline , and no clinically significant changes in these parameters were seen during the observation time . Calcium and PTH normalized after surgery . No change in kidney function -LRB- creatinine -RRB- or blood pressure was observed longitudinally or between the groups . Asymptomatic patients with mild pHPT have decreased QoL and more psychological symptoms than normal controls . No benefit of operative treatment , compared with medical observation , was found on these measures so far .
The purpose of the present article is to provide a detailed description of the highly successful lifestyle intervention administered to 1,079 participants , which included 45 % racial and ethnic minorities and resulted in a 58 % reduction in the incidence rate of diabetes -LRB- 2 -RRB- . The two major goals of the Diabetes Prevention Program -LRB- DPP -RRB- lifestyle intervention were a minimum of 7 % weight loss/weight maintenance and a minimum of 150 min of physical activity similar in intensity to brisk walking . The methods used to achieve these lifestyle goals include the following key features : 1 -RRB- individual case managers or `` lifestyle coaches ; '' 2 -RRB- frequent contact with participants ; 3 -RRB- a structured , state-of-the-art , 16-session core-curriculum that taught behavioral self-management strategies for weight loss and physical activity ; 4 -RRB- supervised physical activity sessions ; 5 -RRB- a more flexible maintenance intervention , combining group and individual approaches , motivational campaigns , and `` restarts ; '' 6 -RRB- individualization through a `` toolbox '' of adherence strategies ; 7 -RRB- tailoring of materials and strategies to address ethnic diversity ; and finally 8 -RRB- an extensive network of training , feedback , and clinical support . Diabetes is the fifth leading cause of death by disease in the U.S. Diabetes also contributes to higher rates of morbidity-people with diabetes are at higher risk for heart disease , blindness , kidney failure , extremity amputations , and other chronic conditions . The objectives of this study were 1 -RRB- . to estimate the direct medical and indirect productivity-related costs attributable to diabetes and 2 -RRB- . to calculate and compare the total and per capita medical expenditures for people with and without diabetes . Medical expenditures were estimated for the U.S. population with and without diabetes in 2002 by sex , age , race/ethnicity , type of medical condition , and health care setting . Health care use and total health care expenditures attributable to diabetes were estimated using etiological fractions , calculated based on national health care survey data . The value of lost productivity attributable to diabetes was also estimated based on estimates of lost workdays , restricted activity days , prevalence of permanent disability , and mortality attributable to diabetes . Direct medical expenditures alone totaled 91.8 billion US dollars and comprised 23.2 billion US dollars for diabetes care , 24.6 billion US dollars for chronic complications attributable to diabetes , and 44.1 billion US dollars for excess prevalence of general medical conditions . Inpatient days -LRB- 43.9 % -RRB- , nursing home care -LRB- 15.1 % -RRB- , and office visits -LRB- 10.9 % -RRB- constituted the major expenditure groups by service settings . In addition , 51.8 % of direct medical expenditures were incurred by people > 65 years old . Attributable indirect expenditures resulting from lost workdays , restricted activity days , mortality , and permanent disability due to diabetes totaled 39.8 billion US dollars . U.S. health expenditures for the health care components included in the study totaled 865 billion US dollars , of which 160 billion US dollars was incurred by people with diabetes . Per capita medical expenditures totaled 13243 US dollars for people with diabetes and 2560 US dollars for people without diabetes . When adjusting for differences in age , sex , and race/ethnicity between the population with and without diabetes , people with diabetes had medical expenditures that were approximately 2.4 times higher than expenditures that would be incurred by the same group in the absence of diabetes . The estimated 132 billion US dollars cost likely underestimates the true burden of diabetes because it omits intangibles , such as pain and suffering , care provided by nonpaid caregivers , and several areas of health care spending where people with diabetes probably use services at higher rates than people without diabetes -LRB- e.g. , dental care , optometry care , and the use of licensed dietitians -RRB- . In addition , the cost estimate excludes undiagnosed cases of diabetes . Health care spending in 2002 for people with diabetes is more than double what spending would be without diabetes . Diabetes imposes a substantial cost burden to society and , in particular , to those individuals with diabetes and their families . Eliminating or reducing the health problems caused by diabetes through factors such as better access to preventive care , more widespread diagnosis , more intensive disease management , and the advent of new medical technologies could significantly improve the quality of life for people with diabetes and their families while at the same time potentially reducing national expenditures for health care services and increasing productivity in the U.S. economy .
BACKGROUND Although surgery is currently the treatment of choice for managing endometriosis , recurrence poses a formidable challenge . To delay or to eliminate the recurrence is presently an unmet medical need in the management of endometriosis . To this end , proposals to investigate patterns of recurrence , to develop biomarkers for recurrence and to carry out biomarker-based intervention have been made . METHODS Publications pertaining to the recurrence of endometriosis and its related yet unaddressed issues were identified through MEDLINE . The reported recurrence rates , risk factors for recurrence , the effects of post-operative medication and causes of recurrence were reviewed and synthesized . In addition , several poorly explored issues such as time hazard function and mechanisms of recurrence were reviewed . Few risk factors for recurrence have been consistently identified , and the evidence on the efficacy of the post-operative use of medication was scanty . The investigation on the patterns of recurrence may provide us with new insight into the possible mechanisms of recurrence and its control . The attempt to identify biomarkers for recurrence has started only very recently . CONCLUSIONS Much research is needed to better understand the patterns of recurrence and risk factors , and to develop biomarkers . One top priority is to develop biomarkers for recurrence , which may provide much needed clues to the possible mechanisms underlying recurrence and would allow the identification of patients with high recurrence risk , and permit for targeted intervention . Laparoscopic segmental resection as a treatment for intestinal endometriosis can be supported by favorable clinical outcomes , but carries a high risk of major complications . The purpose of this study is to evaluate histopathological patterns of colorectal endometriosis and investigate potential relationships between histological findings and clinical data . We consecutively included 47 patients treated with laparoscopic segmental resection because of symptomatic colorectal endometriosis . All patients underwent follow-up for a median of 18 months -LRB- range : 6-35 -RRB- . We examined the histological patterns of colorectal endometriosis and evaluated the relationships between histological findings -LRB- satellite lesions , positive margins and vertical infiltration -RRB- and clinical outcomes -LRB- incidence of recurrence , quality of life and symptom improvement -RRB- . Moreover , we observed if satellite lesions could influence preoperative scores of the short form-36 health survey -LRB- SF-36 -RRB- questionnaire and visual analogue score -LRB- VAS -RRB- for pain symptoms . There were no statistically significant differences in terms of anatomical and pain recurrences , pain symptoms and quality of life improvement among patients with or without positive margins , satellite lesions and different degrees of vertical infiltration -LRB- P > 0.05 -RRB- . Furthermore , women with or without satellite lesions were no different in terms of preoperative VAS of pain symptoms and SF-36 scores -LRB- P > 0.05 -RRB- . The presence of satellite lesions or positive resection margins does not seem to influence clinical outcomes of segmental colorectal resection . Similarly , satellite lesions do not appear to have a major role in determining preoperative clinical presentation . These results may be useful to reconsider the surgical strategy for bowel endometriosis .
Long-term postoperative cognitive dysfunction may occur in the elderly . Age may be a risk factor and hypoxaemia and arterial hypotension causative factors . We investigated these hypotheses in an international multicentre study . 1218 patients aged at least 60 years completed neuropsychological tests before and 1 week and 3 months after major non-cardiac surgery . We measured oxygen saturation by continuous pulse oximetry before surgery and throughout the day of and the first 3 nights after surgery . We identified postoperative cognitive dysfunction with neuropsychological tests compared with controls recruited from the UK -LRB- n = 176 -RRB- and the same countries as study centres -LRB- n = 145 -RRB- . Increasing age and duration of anaesthesia , little education , a second operation , postoperative infections , and respiratory complications were risk factors for early postoperative cognitive dysfunction , but only age was a risk factor for late postoperative cognitive dysfunction . Hypoxaemia and hypotension were not significant risk factors at any time .
Acute coronary syndrome is one of the main causes of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest -LRB- OHCA -RRB- . OHCA patients are particularly exposed to high platelet reactivity -LRB- HPR -RRB- under aspirin -LRB- ASA -RRB- treatment . The aim was to evaluate HPR-ASA in therapeutic hypothermia comatose patients resuscitated from OHCA . Twenty-two consecutive patients with OHCA of cardiac origin were prospectively included after therapeutic hypothermia and randomized to receive ASA 100 mg per day , either intravenously -LRB- n = 13 -RRB- or orally via a gastric tube -LRB- n = 9 -RRB- . ADP inhibitors -LRB- prasugrel or , if contra-indicated , clopidogrel -RRB- were administered in the event of angioplasty . HPR-ASA was assessed by light transmission aggregometry -LRB- LTA -RRB- with arachidonic acid -LRB- AA -RRB- and by the PFA-100 -LRB- ® -RRB- system with collagen/epinephrine . Clinical , biological and angiographic characteristics were similar in both groups . Overall , 10 patients -LRB- 45 % -RRB- had HPR-ASA -LRB- 38 % intravenously vs 56 % orally ; p = 0.7 -RRB- . This study suggests that impaired response to both intravenous and oral aspirin is frequent in comatose patients resuscitated from OHCA . Although most clinical trials of coronary stents have measured nominally identical safety and effectiveness end points , differences in definitions and timing of assessment have created confusion in interpretation . The Academic Research Consortium is an informal collaboration between academic research organizations in the United States and Europe . Two meetings , in Washington , DC , in January 2006 and in Dublin , Ireland , in June 2006 , sponsored by the Academic Research Consortium and including representatives of the US Food and Drug Administration and all device manufacturers who were working with the Food and Drug Administration on drug-eluting stent clinical trial programs , were focused on consensus end point definitions for drug-eluting stent evaluations . The effort was pursued with the objective to establish consistency among end point definitions and provide consensus recommendations . On the basis of considerations from historical legacy to key pathophysiological mechanisms and relevance to clinical interpretability , criteria for assessment of death , myocardial infarction , repeat revascularization , and stent thrombosis were developed . The broadly based consensus end point definitions in this document may be usefully applied or recognized for regulatory and clinical trial purposes .
Phase IIa prospective multicenter trial conducted at eight clinical sites through the AIDS Malignancy Consortium . PAIN biopsy specimens were assessed for human papillomavirus -LRB- HPV -RRB- using PCR and type-specific HPV probing . Participants applied 1 % topical cidofovir to PAIN and VIN -LRB- if present -RRB- for six 2-week cycles . Twenty-four men and nine women -LRB- eight with high-grade VIN as well -RRB- were enrolled . Mean age was 44 years and mean CD4 cell count was 412 cells/μl . HPV DNA -LRB- most commonly HPV16 -RRB- was detected in all pretreatment study specimens . Twenty six -LRB- 79 % -RRB- participants completed treatment per protocol : CR , five -LRB- 15 % -RRB- ; PR , 12 -LRB- 36 % -RRB- , stable disease , seven -LRB- 21 % -RRB- ; PD , two -LRB- 6 % -RRB- -LRB- one with a superficially invasive cancer and one with new area of high-grade PAIN -RRB- . Treatment was well tolerated with most common adverse events being mild to moderate affecting lesional skin : pain/burning/irritation -LRB- 25 patients -RRB- and ulceration -LRB- 13 patients -RRB- . Topical cidofovir had 51 % efficacy in the short-term treatment of high-grade PAIN and VIN with acceptable toxicity in HIV-positive individuals .
Acute coronary syndromes -LRB- ACS ; myocardial infarction or unstable angina -RRB- can induce posttraumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- , and ACS-induced PTSD may increase patients ' risk for subsequent cardiac events and mortality . To determine the prevalence of PTSD induced by ACS and to quantify the association between ACS-induced PTSD and adverse clinical outcomes using systematic review and meta-analysis . Observational cohort studies that assessed PTSD with specific reference to an ACS event at least 1 month prior . We extracted estimates of the prevalence of ACS-induced PTSD and associations with clinical outcomes , as well as study characteristics . We identified 56 potentially relevant articles , 24 of which met our criteria -LRB- N = 2383 -RRB- . Meta-analysis yielded an aggregated prevalence estimate of 12 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 9 % -16 % -RRB- for clinically significant symptoms of ACS-induced PTSD in a random effects model . The aggregated point estimate for the magnitude of the relationship between ACS-induced PTSD and clinical outcomes -LRB- ie , mortality and/or ACS recurrence -RRB- across the 3 studies that met our criteria -LRB- N = 609 -RRB- suggested a doubling of risk -LRB- risk ratio , 2.00 ; 95 % CI , 1.69-2.37 -RRB- in ACS patients with clinically significant PTSD symptoms relative to patients without PTSD symptoms . This meta-analysis suggests that clinically significant PTSD symptoms induced by ACS are moderately prevalent and are associated with increased risk for recurrent cardiac events and mortality . Further tests of the association of ACS-induced PTSD and clinical outcomes are needed .
It is commonly stated that mortality from acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- ARDS -RRB- and acute lung injury -LRB- ALI -RRB- is decreasing . To systematically review the literature assessing ARDS mortality over time and to determine patient - and study-level factors independently associated with mortality . We searched multiple databases -LRB- MEDLINE , EMBASE , CINAHL , Cochrane CENTRAL -RRB- for prospective observational studies or randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- published during the period 1984 to 2006 that enrolled 50 or more patients with ALI/ARDS and reported mortality . We pooled mortality estimates using random-effects meta-analysis and examined mortality trends before and after 1994 -LRB- when a consensus definition of ALI/ARDS was published -RRB- and factors associated with mortality using meta-regression models . Of 4,966 studies , 89 met inclusion criteria -LRB- 53 observational , 36 RCTs -RRB- . There was a total of 18,900 patients -LRB- mean age 51.6 years ; 39 % female -RRB- . Overall pooled weighted mortality was 44.3 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 41.8-46.9 -RRB- . Mortality decreased with time in observational studies conducted before 1994 ; no temporal associations with mortality were demonstrated in RCTs -LRB- any time -RRB- or observational studies -LRB- after 1994 -RRB- . Pooled mortality from 1994 to 2006 was 44.0 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 40.1-47.5 -RRB- for observational studies , and 36.2 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 32.1-40.5 -RRB- for RCTs . Meta-regression identified study type -LRB- observational versus RCT , odds ratio , 1.36 ; 95 % CI , 1.08-1.73 -RRB- and patient age -LRB- odds ratio per additional 10 yr , 1.27 ; 95 % CI , 1.07-1.50 -RRB- as the only factors associated with mortality . A decrease in ARDS mortality was only seen in observational studies from 1984 to 1993 . Mortality did not decrease between 1994 -LRB- when a consensus definition was published -RRB- and 2006 , and is lower in RCTs than observational studies . We hypothesized that the angiogenic mediator , vascular endothelial growth factor -LRB- VEGF -RRB- , known to be expressed in the lung and to be capable of inducing local edema in skin , might evoke the development of lung edema if expressed in excess amounts . To test this hypothesis , we developed an in vivo model of VEGF overexpression in the lung on the basis of delivery to the respiratory epithelium of the VEGF165 complementary DNA by an E1 -LRB- - -RRB- adenovirus vector -LRB- AdVEGF165 -RRB- . Administration of AdVEGF165 by the intratracheal route -LRB- 10 -LRB- 9 -RRB- plaque-forming units -LSB- pfu -RSB- -RRB- to C57Bl/6 mice showed increased expression of VEGF messenger RNA in lung tissue by Northern analysis . Intratracheal administration of AdVEGF165 resulted in a dose-dependent increase in lung wet/dry weight ratios over time , lung histology showed widespread intra - alveolar edema , and pulmonary capillary permeability was significantly increased as quantified by the Evans blue dye assay and -LSB- -LRB- 131 -RRB- I -RSB- albumin permeability . To confirm the specificity of these observations , mice were pretreated with intranasal administration of an adenovirus vector expressing a truncated soluble form of the VEGF receptor flt-1 -LRB- Adsflt -RRB- . Adsflt -LRB- 10 -LRB- 9 -RRB- pfu -RRB- pretreatment completely abrogated the increased lung wet/dry weight ratio caused by AdVEGF165 administration , whereas an identical adenovirus vector with an irrelevant transgene had no effect upon subsequent AdVEGF165-induced pulmonary edema . Together , these data suggest that overexpression of VEGF in the lung may be one mechanism of increased pulmonary vascular permeability in the early stages of acute lung injury . Acute lung injury is a critical illness syndrome consisting of acute hypoxemic respiratory failure with bilateral pulmonary infiltrates that are not attributed to left atrial hypertension . Despite recent advances in our understanding of the mechanism and treatment of acute lung injury , its incidence and outcomes in the United States have been unclear . We conducted a prospective , population-based , cohort study in 21 hospitals in and around King County , Washington , from April 1999 through July 2000 , using a validated screening protocol to identify patients who met the consensus criteria for acute lung injury . A total of 1113 King County residents undergoing mechanical ventilation met the criteria for acute lung injury and were 15 years of age or older . The in-hospital mortality rate was 38.5 percent . The incidence of acute lung injury increased with age from 16 per 100,000 person-years for those 15 through 19 years of age to 306 per 100,000 person-years for those 75 through 84 years of age . Mortality increased with age from 24 percent for patients 15 through 19 years of age to 60 percent for patients 85 years of age or older -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . We estimate that each year in the United States there are 190,600 cases of acute lung injury , which are associated with 74,500 deaths and 3.6 million hospital days . Acute lung injury has a substantial impact on public health , with an incidence in the United States that is considerably higher than previous reports have suggested . Optimal fluid management in patients with acute lung injury is unknown . Diuresis or fluid restriction may improve lung function but could jeopardize extrapulmonary-organ perfusion . In a randomized study , we compared a conservative and a liberal strategy of fluid management using explicit protocols applied for seven days in 1000 patients with acute lung injury . The primary end point was death at 60 days . Secondary end points included the number of ventilator-free days and organ-failure-free days and measures of lung physiology . The rate of death at 60 days was 25.5 percent in the conservative-strategy group and 28.4 percent in the liberal-strategy group -LRB- P = 0.30 ; 95 percent confidence interval for the difference , -2.6 to 8.4 percent -RRB- . The mean -LRB- + / -
To determine the effect of estrogen replacement therapy -LRB- ERT -RRB- on recurrence rate and survival in women who have undergone surgery for stage I or II endometrial cancer . After surgery , eligible patients were allocated to therapy with ERT or placebo after undergoing hysterectomy with or without pelvic and aortic nodal sampling . Planned duration of hormonal versus placebo treatment was 3 years , with an additional 2 years of follow-up . The median follow-up time for all 1,236 eligible and assessable patients was 35.7 months . Stage , grade , histologic subtype , and percentage of patients receiving adjuvant therapy were similarly distributed between the groups . Disease recurrence was experienced in 14 patients -LRB- 2.3 % -RRB- . Eight patients -LRB- 1.3 % -RRB- developed a new malignancy . There were 26 deaths -LRB- 4.2 % -RRB- , and five deaths -LRB- 0.8 % -RRB- were a result of endometrial cancer . The median age at diagnosis for the 618 patients in the placebo group was 57 years -LRB- range , 30 to 88 years -RRB- . Twelve patients -LRB- 1.9 % -RRB- experienced disease recurrence . Ten patients -LRB- 1.6 % -RRB- developed a new malignancy . There were 9 deaths -LRB- 3.1 % -RRB- in the placebo group , and four deaths -LRB- 0.6 % -RRB- were a result of endometrial cancer . Although this incomplete study can not conclusively refute or support the safety of exogenous estrogen with regard to risk of endometrial recurrence , it is noteworthy that the absolute recurrence rate -LRB- 2.1 % -RRB- and the incidence of new malignancy were low .
Patients with advanced illness are prescribed multiple medications in the last year of life , intensifying the risk of negative consequences related to polypharmacy . To describe the medication burden of patients near the end of life and identify potential areas for improvement in clinician prescribing practices . This was a prespecified secondary analysis of data from a prospective trial . Eligible participants were adults with less than 12 months estimated prognosis taking a statin medication for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease . Participants were enrolled from 15 sites , randomized to continue or discontinue statin medications , and followed for up to a year . Concomitant medications were recorded at least monthly from study enrollment through death . Prescribed medications were categorized by class and subclass . Descriptive statistics were calculated . On average , participants -LRB- n = 244 -RRB- were 74.3 years old -LRB- SD 11.5 -RRB- and lived 264 days -LRB- SD 128 -RRB- ; 47.5 % of the patients had a primary diagnosis of malignant tumor . This population was exposed to medications across 51 classes , 192 subclasses , and 423 individual medications . Patients took an average of 11.5 -LRB- SD 5 -RRB- medications at the time of enrollment and 10.7 -LRB- SD 5 -RRB- medications at death or study termination . The five most common classes of medications prescribed near the end of life were antihypertensives , broncholytics/bronchodilators , laxatives , antidepressants , and gastric protection agents . There is a significant medication burden placed on patients with advanced illness . Although most medications were prescribed for supportive care , we observed a high prevalence of medications for managing non-life-threatening comorbidities . To enhance understanding of the relationship between multimorbidity , symptom burden , and functional status in individuals with life-limiting illness . Secondary analysis of baseline data from a randomized clinical trial conducted in the Palliative Care Research Cooperative Group . Group differences were tested using a t-test ; multivariate regression analysis was used to determine the effect of multiple variables on functional status and symptom burden . Fifteen Palliative Care Research Cooperation sites . Adults who participated in a parent statin-discontinuation clinical trial were included in the analysis -LRB- N = 381 -RRB- . Inclusion criteria were diagnosis of a life-limiting illness , statin use for 3 months or longer , life expectancy longer than 1 month , and declining functional status . Cancer diagnosis -LRB- solid organ and hematologic malignancies -RRB- , multimorbidity -LRB- Charlson Comorbidity Index -LRB- CCI -RRB- score -RRB- , symptom burden -LRB- Edmonton Symptom Assessment Scale -LRB- ESAS -RRB- score , number of symptoms with ESAS severity score > 4 -RRB- , functional status -LRB- Australia-modified Karnofsky Performance Scale -LRB- AKPS -RRB- -RRB- . Fifty-one percent had a primary diagnosis of cancer ; mean age 74.1 ± 11.6 . Participants had multiple comorbid illnesses -LRB- CCI score 4.9 ± 2.8 -RRB- , multiple symptoms -LRB- ESAS score 27.2 ± 15.9 -RRB- , and poor functional status -LRB- AKPS = 53 ± 13 -RRB- . In univariate and multivariate analyses , multimorbidity was associated with greater symptom burden -LRB- 4.2 vs 3.1 moderate or severe symptoms -LRB- t = -3.2 , P = .002 -RRB- , 12 % vs 6 % with severe symptoms -LRB- t = -3.7 , P < .001 -RRB- -RRB- , but cancer diagnosis was not . In univariate and multivariate analyses , higher symptom burden was associated with poorer functional status -LRB- F = 11.6 , P < .001 -RRB- , but multimorbidity was not . Symptoms can not be attributed solely to a diagnosis of cancer . The association between symptom burden and functional status underscores the importance of clinical attention to symptoms in individuals with multimorbidity . Anticholinergic drugs can cause several side effects , impairing cognition and quality of life -LRB- QOL -RRB- . Cancer patients are often exposed to increasing cumulative anticholinergic load -LRB- ACL -RRB- as they approach death , but this burden has not been examined in patients with nonmalignant diseases . To determine ACL and its impact in noncancer versus cancer palliative care patients . We performed a secondary analysis of 244 subjects enrolled in a randomized controlled trial . ACL was quantified with the Anticholinergic Drug Scale . We used multivariable regression to calculate the effect of ACL on key outcomes , including drowsiness , fatigue , and QOL . Patients were stratified by diagnosis , and drugs were grouped as symptom management -LRB- SM -RRB- or disease management -LRB- DM -RRB- . ACL was associated with worse fatigue -LRB- odds ratio , 1.08 ; CI , 1.002-1.17 -RRB- and worse QOL -LRB- odds ratio , 0.89 ; CI , 0.80-0.98 -RRB- . ACL is associated with worse fatigue and QOL and may not differ significantly between cancer and noncancer patients nearing end of life . SM drugs are more responsible for ACL in cancer and noncancer patients , although DM drugs contribute significantly to ACL in the latter group . We recommend more attention to reducing anticholinergic use in all patients with life-limiting illness .
We have developed a proportional-integral-derivative controller allowing the closed-loop coadministration of propofol and remifentanil , guided by a Bispectral Index -LRB- BIS -RRB- monitor , during induction and maintenance of general anesthesia . The controller was compared with manual target-controlled infusion . Comparison between groups was evaluated by calculating a global score that characterized the overall performance of the controller including the percentage of adequate anesthesia , defined as BIS between 40 and 60 , the median absolute performance error , and wobble . Eighty-three patients assigned to dual-loop control and 84 patients assigned to manual control completed the study . The global score and the percentage of time with BIS between 40 and 60 were better in the dual-loop group -LRB- 26 ± 11 vs 43 ± 40 , P < 0.0001 ; 82 % ± 12 % vs 71 % ± 19 % , P < 0.0001 -RRB- . Overshoot -LRB- BIS < 40 -RRB- , undershoot -LRB- BIS > 60 -RRB- , and burst suppression ratio were all significantly less common in the dual-loop group . Modifications to the propofol and remifentanil infusions were more frequent , and adjustments smaller in the dual-loop group . Remifentanil consumption was greater -LRB- 0.22 ± 0.07 vs 0.16 ± 0.07 μg · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- · min -LRB- -1 -RRB- ; P < 0.0001 -RRB- and the speed to tracheal extubation was shorter -LRB- 10 ± 4 vs 11 ± 5 minutes ; P = 0.02 -RRB- in the dual-loop group . The controller allows the automated delivery of propofol and remifentanil and maintains BIS values in predetermined boundaries during general anesthesia better than manual administration . The objective of the present study was to validate the qCON index of hypnotic effect and the qNOX index of nociception . Both indices are derived from the frontal electroencephalogram -LRB- EEG -RRB- and implemented in the qCON 2000 monitor -LRB- Quantium Medical , Barcelona , Spain -RRB- . The study was approved by the local ethics committee , including data from 60 patients scheduled for ambulatory surgery undergoing general anaesthesia with propofol and remifentanil , using TCI . The Bis -LRB- Covidien , Boulder , CO , USA -RRB- was recorded simultaneously with the qCON . Loss of eyelash reflex -LSB- loss of consciousness -LRB- LOC -RRB- -RSB- was recorded , and prediction probability for Bis and qCON was calculated . Movement as a response to noxious stimulation -LSB- laryngeal mask airway -LRB- LMA -RRB- insertion , laryngoscopy and tracheal intubation -RSB- was registered . The correlation coefficient between qCON and Bis was calculated . The patients were divided into movers/non-movers as a response to noxious stimulation . A paired t-test was used to assess significant difference for qCON and qNOX for movers/non-movers . The prediction probability -LRB- Pk -RRB- and the standard error -LRB- SE -RRB- for qCON and Bis for detecting LOC was 0.92 -LRB- 0.02 -RRB- and 0.94 -LRB- 0.02 -RRB- respectively -LRB- t-test , no significant difference -RRB- . The R between qCON and Bis was 0.85 . During the general anaesthesia -LRB- Ce propofol > 2 μg/ml , Ce remifentanil > 2 ng/ml -RRB- , the mean value and standard deviation -LRB- SD -RRB- for qCON was 45 -LRB- 8 -RRB- , while for qNOX it was 40 -LRB- 6 -RRB- . The qNOX pre-stimuli values were significantly different -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- for movers/non-movers as a response to LMA insertion -LSB- 62.5 -LRB- 24.0 -RRB- vs. 45.5 -LRB- 24.1 -RRB- -RSB- , tracheal intubation -LSB- 58.7 -LRB- 21.8 -RRB- vs. 41.4 -LRB- 20.9 -RRB- -RSB- , laryngoscopy -LSB- 54.1 -LRB- 21.4 -RRB- vs. 41.0 -LRB- 20.8 -RRB- -RSB- . There were no significant differences in remifentanil or propofol effect-site concentrations for movers vs. non-movers . The qCON was able to reliably detect LOC during general anaesthesia with propofol and remifentanil . The qNOX showed significant overlap between movers and non-movers , but it was able to predict whether or not the patient would move as a response to noxious stimulation , although the anaesthetic concentrations were similar .
Chemotherapy-induced anemia -LRB- CIA -RRB- is responsive to treatment with erythropoiesis-stimulating agents -LRB- ESAs -RRB- such as darbepoetin alfa . Administration of ESAs on a synchronous schedule with chemotherapy administration could benefit patients by reducing clinic visits and potentially enhancing on-time chemotherapy delivery . This phase 2 , 25-week , open-label study evaluated the noninferiority of darbepoetin alfa administered weekly vs. as an extended dosing schedule -LRB- every 2 or 3 weeks -RRB- in patients with CIA . Patients were randomized 1:1 to an extended dosing schedule -LRB- EDS : darbepoetin alfa 300 μg Q2W if chemotherapy was QW , Q2W , or Q4W or darbepoetin alfa 500 μg Q3W if chemotherapy was Q3W -RRB- or weekly -LRB- 150 μg QW regardless of chemotherapy schedule -RRB- . Stratification factors included chemotherapy cycle length , screening hemoglobin -LRB- < 10 g/dL vs. ≥ 10 g/dL -RRB- , and tumor type -LRB- lung/gynecological vs. other nonmyeloid malignancies -RRB- . The primary endpoint was change in hemoglobin from baseline to Week 13 . Seven hundred fifty-two patients -LRB- 374 QW patients ; 378 EDS patients -RRB- received ≥ 1 dose of darbepoetin alfa and were included in the analysis . Demographics and disease state were similar between groups . Seventy-one percent of patients in the EDS group and 76 % in the QW group achieved the target hemoglobin of ≥ 11.0 g/dL . Reported adverse events were similar between groups . A slight increase in transfusions was reported in the QW group . Darbepoetin alfa , when administered synchronously with chemotherapy , on an EDS appears to be similarly efficacious to darbepoetin alfa weekly dosing with no unexpected adverse events . This study provides prospective data on how multiple dosing regimens available with darbepoetin alfa can be synchronized with chemotherapy administered across a range of dosing schedules . ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT00144131 .
To develop decision rules that will predict fractures in patients with ankle injuries , thereby assisting clinicians in being more selective in their use of radiography . Prospective survey of emergency department patients over a five-month period . Two university hospital EDs . One hundred fifty-five adults in a pilot stage and 750 in the main study ; all presented with acute blunt ankle injuries . Thirty-two standardized clinical variables were assessed and recorded on data sheets by staff emergency physicians before radiography . Variables were assessed for reliability by the kappa coefficient and for association with significant fracture on both ankle and foot radiographic series by univariate analysis . The data then were analyzed by logistic regression and recursive partitioning techniques to develop decision rules for predicting fractures in each radiographic series . All 70 significant malleolar fractures found in the 689 ankle radiographic series performed were identified among people who had pain near the malleoli and were age 55 years or more , had localized bone tenderness of the posterior edge or tip of either malleolus , or were unable to bear weight both immediately after the injury and in the ED . This rule was 100 % sensitive and 40.1 % specific for detecting malleolar fractures and would allow a reduction of 36.0 % of ankle radiographic series ordered . Similarly , all 32 significant midfoot fractures on the 230 foot radiographic series performed were found among patients with pain in the midfoot and bone tenderness at the base of the fifth metatarsal , the cuboid , or the navicular . Highly sensitive decision rules have been developed and will now be validated ; these may permit clinicians to confidently reduce the number of radiographs ordered in patients with ankle injuries . To validate and refine previously derived clinical decision rules that aid the efficient use of radiography in acute ankle injuries . Survey prospectively administered in two stages : validation and refinement of the original rules -LRB- first stage -RRB- and validation of the refined rules -LRB- second stage -RRB- . Emergency departments of two university hospitals . Convenience sample of adults with acute ankle injuries : 1032 of 1130 eligible patients in the first stage and 453 of 530 eligible patients in the second stage . Attending emergency physicians assessed each patient for standardized clinical variables and classified the need for radiography according to the original -LRB- first stage -RRB- and the refined -LRB- second stage -RRB- decision rules . The decision rules were assessed for their ability to correctly identify the criterion standard of fractures on ankle and foot radiographic series . The original decision rules were refined by univariate and recursive partitioning analyses . In the first stage , the original decision rules were found to have sensitivities of 1.0 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 0.97 to 1.0 -RRB- for detecting 121 maleolar zone fractures , and 0.98 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.88 to 1.0 -RRB- for detecting 49 midfoot zone fractures . For interpretation of the rules in 116 patients , kappa values were 0.56 for the ankle series rule and 0.69 for the foot series rule . Recursive partitioning of 20 predictor variables yielded refined decision rules for ankle and foot radiographic series . In the second stage , the refined rules proved to have sensitivities of 1.0 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.93 to 1.0 -RRB- for 50 malleolar zone fractures , and 1.0 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.83 to 1.0 -RRB- for 19 midfoot zone fractures . The potential reduction in radiography is estimated to be 34 % for the ankle series and 30 % for the foot series . The probability of fracture , if the corresponding decision rule were `` negative , '' is estimated to be 0 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 0 % to 0.8 % -RRB- in the ankle series , and 0 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 0 % to 0.4 % -RRB- in the foot series . Refinement and validation have shown the Ottawa ankle rules to be 100 % sensitive for fractures , to be reliable , and to have the potential to allow physicians to safely reduce the number of radiographs ordered in patients with ankle injuries by one third . Field trials will assess the feasibility of implementing these rules into clinical practice . To assess the feasibility and impact of introducing the Ottawa ankle rules to a large number of physicians in a wide variety of hospital and community settings over a prolonged period of time . Multicentre before and after controlled clinical trial . Emergency departments of eight teaching and community hospitals in Canadian communities -LRB- population 10,000 to 3,000,000 -RRB- . All 12,777 adults -LRB- 6288 control , 6489 intervention -RRB- seen with acute ankle injuries during two 12 month periods before and after the intervention . More than 200 physicians of varying experience were taught to order radiography according to the Ottawa ankle rules . Referral for ankle and foot radiography . There were significant reductions in use of ankle radiography at all eight hospitals and within a priori subgroups : for all hospitals combined 82.8 % control v 60.9 % intervention -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- ; for community hospitals 86.7 % v 61.7 % ; -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- ; for teaching hospitals 77.9 % v 59.9 % ; -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- ; for emergency physicians 82.1 % v 61.6 % ; -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- ; for family physicians 84.3 % v 60.1 % ; -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- ; and for housestaff 82.3 % v 60.1 % ; -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Introduction of the Ottawa ankle rules proved to be feasible in a large variety of hospital and community settings . Use of the rules over a prolonged period of time by many physicians of varying experience led to a decrease in ankle radiography ,
Our study aimed to investigate the effect of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibitors -LRB- DPP4-I -RRB- on sarcopenic parameters in elderly type 2 diabetic patients . All elderly diabetic patients were invited to present themselves at our outpatient Geriatric Centre to undergo to evaluation of glycemic , inflammatory , and sarcopenic parameters and to perform a meal test for glucagon-like peptide-1 analogue -LRB- GLP-1 -RRB- activity evaluation . According to European Working Group on Sarcopenia in Older People -LRB- EWGSOP -RRB- criteria , sarcopenic parameters were assessed by bioelectrical impedance analysis -LRB- BIA -RRB- and Kern dynamometer and 4-m gait speed tests . All patients received standardized meals for the assessment of postprandial levels of GLP-1 activity . Data of 80 elderly diabetic patients treated with oral glucose-lowering drugs -LRB- DPP4-I or Sulfonylureas Group -RRB- for at least 24 months before enrollment were analyzed . The DPP4-I Group showed appropriate glycemic control , lower levels of inflammatory parameters , a significant and greater increase , during interprandial periods , of GLP-1 activity , and better sarcopenic parameters -LRB- fat-free mass , skeletal muscle mass , and related indices , muscle strength , and gait speed -RRB- compared with the Sulfonylureas Group . Univariate analysis showed that sarcopenic parameters correlated with glycemic control and with GLP-1 area under the curve values . Multivariate analysis confirms these relationships . The results are consistent with the hypothesis that DPP4-I use might have a positive effect on the loss of muscle mass and its function . The loss of muscle mass with aging reduces muscle strength , impairs functional capacity , and increases the risk of developing chronic metabolic disease . It has been suggested that the development of type 2 diabetes results in a more rapid decline in muscle mass , strength , and functional capacity . To investigate the impact of type 2 diabetes on muscle mass , strength , and functional capacity in an older population . Muscle mass -LRB- DXA and muscle biopsies -RRB- , strength -LRB- 1-repetition maximum -RRB- , functional capacity -LRB- sit-to-stand test and handgrip strength -RRB- , and reaction time performance -LRB- computer task -RRB- were compared between 60 older men with type 2 diabetes -LRB- 71 ± 1 years -RRB- and 32 age-matched normoglycemic controls -LRB- 70 ± 1 years -RRB- . Data were analyzed using ANCOVA to adjust for several potential confounders . Leg lean mass and appendicular skeletal muscle mass were significantly lower in older men with type 2 diabetes -LRB- 19.1 ± 0.3 and 25.9 ± 0.4 kg , respectively -RRB- compared with normoglycemic controls -LRB- 19.7 ± 0.3 and 26.7 ± 0.5 kg , respectively -RRB- . Additionally , leg extension strength was significantly lower in the group with type 2 diabetes -LRB- 84 ± 2 vs 91 ± 2 kg , respectively -RRB- . In agreement , functional performance was impaired in the men with type 2 diabetes , with longer sit-to-stand time -LRB- 9.1 ± 0.4 vs 7.8 ± 0.3 seconds -RRB- and lower handgrip strength -LRB- 39.5 ± 5.8 vs 44.6 ± 6.1 kg -RRB- when compared with normoglycemic controls . However , muscle fiber size and reaction time performance did not differ between groups . Older patients with type 2 diabetes show an accelerated decline in leg lean mass , muscle strength , and functional capacity when compared with normoglycemic controls . Exercise intervention programs should be individualized to specifically target muscle mass , strength , and functional capacity in the older population with type 2 diabetes . Protein anabolism is abnormal in human type 2 diabetes -LRB- T2DM -RRB- . We review studies of anabolic stimuli that identify potential causes . If uncorrected , and combined with aging effects , they will compromise muscle function and mass . Knowing causes can guide studies of preventive and treatment measures . T2DM accelerates age-related decreases in muscle mass . This could be related to insulin resistance of whole-body protein anabolism demonstrated in hyperglycemic obese men . One study of chronic leucine supplementation in elderly T2DM patients did not increase muscle mass . However , they lacked sarcopenia and had adequate dietary protein intake , so may be atypical . Exercise induced similar increases in muscle protein synthesis , mass and strength in healthy and T2DM patients suggesting that physical activity might also overcome insulin resistance of protein anabolism . Muscle protein anabolism in T2DM is resistant to the action of insulin but perhaps not to amino acid supply or exercise . Whether leucine supplementation improves muscle mass and function in persons with T2DM -LRB- especially elderly -RRB- with reduced protein intake or muscle mass needs to be determined . Insulin is used commonly in Type 2 diabetes and is often accompanied by weight gain . The composition of this weight gain is poorly understood . Predominant increases in fat mass could increase cardiovascular risks . The aim of the study was to evaluate insulin-induced body composition changes . Body weight and composition of 35 Type 2 diabetic patients during their first 6 months of insulin therapy was compared with those in 34 Type 2 diabetic individuals treated with insulin for at least 1 year prior to commencing the study . Body composition was determined by the simultaneous measurement of body water spaces and body density . Over 6 months , glycaemic control improved in the new treatment group only -LRB- HbA -LRB- 1c -RRB- : 7.26 + / - 0.81 vs. 9.66 + / - 1.60 % ; P < 0.0001 -RRB- , remaining stable in the previously treated group -LRB- 7.67 + / - 1.25 vs. 7.76 + / - 1.26 % ; P = NS -RRB- . Weight significantly increased over time in the newly treated group -LRB- +1.7 kg ; P = 0.04 -RRB- , but not in the previously treated group -LRB- -0.3 kg -RRB- . It comprised of both fat -LRB- +0.85 kg -RRB- and fat-free mass -LRB- +0.55 kg -RRB- . Total body
Community health centers -LRB- CHCs -RRB- care for vulnerable patients who use tobacco at higher than national rates . States that expanded Medicaid eligibility under the Affordable Care Act -LRB- ACA -RRB- provided insurance coverage to tobacco users not previously Medicaid-eligible , thereby potentially increasing their odds of receiving cessation assistance . We examined if tobacco users in Medicaid expansion states had increased quit rates , cessation medications ordered , and greater health care utilization compared to patients in non-expansion states . Using electronic health record -LRB- EHR -RRB- data from 219 CHCs in 10 states that expanded Medicaid as of January 1 , 2014 , we identified patients aged 19-64 with tobacco use status documented in the EHR within 6 months prior to ACA Medicaid expansion and ≥ 1 visit with tobacco use status assessed within 24 months post-expansion -LRB- January 1 , 2014 to December 31 , 2015 -RRB- . We propensity score matched these patients to tobacco users from 108 CHCs in six non-expansion states -LRB- n = 27 670 matched pairs ; 55 340 patients -RRB- . Using a retrospective observational cohort study design , we compared odds of having a quit status , cessation medication ordered , and ≥ 6 visits within the post-expansion period among patients in expansion versus non-expansion states . Increased access to insurance via the ACA Medicaid expansion likely led to increased quit rates within this vulnerable population . CHCs care for vulnerable patients at higher risk of tobacco use than the general population . Medicaid expansion via the ACA provided insurance coverage to a large number of tobacco users not previously Medicaid-eligible . We found that expanded insurance coverage was associated with increased cessation assistance and higher odds of tobacco cessation . Continued provision of insurance coverage could lead to increased quit rates among high-risk populations , resulting in improvements in population health outcomes and reduced total health care costs . Community health centers -LRB- CHCs -RRB- , which serve socioeconomically disadvantaged patients , experienced an increase in insured visits after the 2014 Affordable Care Act -LRB- ACA -RRB- coverage options began . Yet , little is known about how cancer screening rates changed post-ACA . Therefore , this study assessed changes in the prevalence of cervical and colorectal cancer screening from pre - to post-ACA in expansion and non-expansion states among patients seen in CHCs . Electronic health record data on 624,601 non-pregnant patients aged 21-64 eligible for cervical or colorectal cancer screening between 1/1/2012 and 12/31/2015 from 203 CHCs were analyzed . We assessed changes in prevalence and screening likelihood among patients , by insurance type and race/ethnicity and compared Medicaid expansion and non-expansion states using difference-in-difference methodology . Colorectal cancer screening prevalence increased from 11 % to 18 % pre - to post-ACA in expansion states and from 13 % to 21 % in non-expansion states . For most outcomes , the observed changes were not significantly different between expansion and non-expansion states . Despite increased prevalences of cervical and colorectal cancer screening in both expansion and non-expansion states across all race/ethnicity groups , rates remained suboptimal for this population of socioeconomically disadvantaged patients .
We conducted a matched-control trial in Mali to assess the effectiveness of a comprehensive school-based water , sanitation , and hygiene -LRB- WASH -RRB- intervention on pupil absence , diarrhea , and respiratory infections . After completion of the intervention , data were collected from 100 beneficiary schools and 100 matched comparison schools in 5-6 sessions over a 14-month period . Data collection included roll calls to assess absenteeism and interviews with a subset of pupils to assess recent absence and disease symptoms . The odds of pupils being absent at roll call were 23 % higher in beneficiary schools than in comparison schools -LRB- odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- : 1.23 , 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- : 1.06 , 1.42 -RRB- . We found that a school-based WASH intervention can have a positive effect on reducing rates of illness , as well as absence due to diarrhea . However , we did not find evidence that these health impacts led to a reduction in overall absence . Higher absence rates are less likely attributable to the intervention than the result of an imbalance in unobserved confounders between study groups . Evidence from recent studies assessing the impact of school water , sanitation and hygiene -LRB- WASH -RRB- interventions on child health has been mixed . Self-reports of disease are subject to bias , and few WASH impact evaluations employ objective health measures to assess reductions in disease and exposure to pathogens . We utilized antibody responses from dried blood spots -LRB- DBS -RRB- to measure the impact of a school WASH intervention on infectious disease among pupils in Mali . We randomly selected 21 beneficiary primary schools and their 21 matched comparison schools participating in a matched-control trial of a comprehensive school-based WASH intervention in Mali . DBS were collected from 20 randomly selected pupils in each school -LRB- n = 807 -RRB- . We analyzed eluted IgG from the DBS using a Luminex multiplex bead assay to 28 antigens from 17 different pathogens . Factor analysis identified three distinct latent variables representing vector-transmitted disease -LRB- driven primarily by dengue -RRB- , food/water-transmitted enteric disease -LRB- driven primarily by Escherichia coli and Vibrio cholerae -RRB- , and person-to-person transmitted enteric disease -LRB- driven primarily by norovirus -RRB- . Data were analyzed using a linear latent variable model . There was no difference in antibody evidence of vector-transmitted disease -LRB- β = 0.11 ; 95 % CI : -0.05 , 0.33 -RRB- . Evidence of enteric disease was lower among pupils attending schools benefitting from school WASH improvements than students attending comparison schools . These findings support results from the parent study , which also found reduced incidence of self-reported diarrhea among pupils of beneficiary schools . DBS collection was feasible in this resource-poor field setting and provided objective evidence of disease at a low cost per antigen analyzed , making it an effective measurement tool for the WASH field . The trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov -LRB- NCT01787058 -RRB- .
To our knowledge , the injection of tracers into the ovarian ligaments has not been explored . The aim of this study was to determine the feasibility of the SN procedure in ovarian cancer with tracer injection into the ovarian ligaments and to establish whether the procedure is safe for the healthcare workers . The study included patients who were at high risk of ovarian malignancy . Blue dye and radioactive colloid were injected into the proper ovarian ligament and suspensory ligament of the ovary . To measure professional radiation exposure , ring dose meters were worn by the surgeon , theater nurse , and pathologist during 3 procedures . An SN procedure was performed in 21 patients , and at least 1 SN location was identified in all patients using the γ probe before retroperitoneal exploration . SNs were located in the paraaortic and paracaval regions only in 67 % of the patients , in the pelvic region only in 9 % , and in both the paraaortic/paracaval and the pelvic regions in 24 % . All but 2 SNs were found on the ipsilateral side . Positive SNs were detected in 1 patient with lymph node metastases . The amount of radiation exposure to the surgeon , theater nurse , and pathologist did not exceed the safe limit . The identification of SNs in all cases suggests that the SN procedure performed by injection of tracers in the ovarian ligaments is feasible and promising . The procedure is safe for the involved personnel .
Mesenchymal stem cells -LRB- MSCs -RRB- are under evaluation as a therapy for ischemic cardiomyopathy -LRB- ICM -RRB- . Both autologous and allogeneic MSC therapies are possible ; however , their safety and efficacy have not been compared . To test whether allogeneic MSCs are as safe and effective as autologous MSCs in patients with left ventricular -LRB- LV -RRB- dysfunction due to ICM . A phase 1/2 randomized comparison -LRB- POSEIDON study -RRB- in a US tertiary-care referral hospital of allogeneic and autologous MSCs in 30 patients with LV dysfunction due to ICM between April 2 , 2010 , and September 14 , 2011 , with 13-month follow-up . Twenty million , 100 million , or 200 million cells -LRB- 5 patients in each cell type per dose level -RRB- were delivered by transendocardial stem cell injection into 10 LV sites . Thirty-day postcatheterization incidence of predefined treatment-emergent serious adverse events -LRB- SAEs -RRB- . Efficacy assessments included 6-minute walk test , exercise peak VO2 , Minnesota Living with Heart Failure Questionnaire -LRB- MLHFQ -RRB- , New York Heart Association class , LV volumes , ejection fraction -LRB- EF -RRB- , early enhancement defect -LRB- EED ; infarct size -RRB- , and sphericity index . Within 30 days , 1 patient in each group -LRB- treatment-emergent SAE rate , 6.7 % -RRB- was hospitalized for heart failure , less than the prespecified stopping event rate of 25 % . The 1-year incidence of SAEs was 33.3 % -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- in the allogeneic group and 53.3 % -LRB- n = 8 -RRB- in the autologous group -LRB- P = .46 -RRB- . Allogeneic and autologous MSCs reduced mean EED by − 33.21 % -LRB- 95 % CI , − 43.61 % to − 22.81 % ; P < .001 -RRB- and sphericity index but did not increase EF . Allogeneic MSCs reduced LV end-diastolic volumes . Low-dose concentration MSCs -LRB- 20 million cells -RRB- produced greatest reductions in LV volumes and increased EF . Allogeneic MSCs did not stimulate significant donor-specific alloimmune reactions . In this early-stage study of patients with ICM , transendocardial injection of allogeneic and autologous MSCs without a placebo control were both associated with low rates of treatment-emergent SAEs , including immunologic reactions . In aggregate , MSC injection favorably affected patient functional capacity , quality of life , and ventricular remodeling . clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT01087996 . Cardiac cell therapy has now been in clinical use since 10 years . Both autologous skeletal myoblasts and bone marrow-derived different cell subsets -LRB- mononuclear cells , hematopoietic progenitors , mesenchymal stem cells -RRB- have been investigated in different settings -LRB- acute myocardial infarction , refractory angina and chronic heart failure -RRB- . Despite the huge variability in cell processing techniques , dosing , timing of delivery and route for cell transfer , some lessons can yet be drawn , primarily from randomized controlled trials and summarized as follows : Techniques used for cell preparation are reasonably well controlled although better standardization and improvement in scale-up procedures remain necessary ; cell therapy is overall safe , with the caveat of ventricular arrhythmias which still require careful scrutinization ; the cell type needs to be tailored to the primary clinical indication , whereas the paracrine effects of bone marrow cells may be therapeutically efficacious for limitation of remodelling or relief of angina , only cells endowed with a true cardiomyogenic differentiation potential are likely to effect regeneration of chronic scars ; autologous cells are primarily limited by their variable and unpredictable functionality , thereby calling attention to banked , consistent and readily available allogeneic cell products provided the immunological issues inherent in their use can be satisfactorily addressed ; regardless of the cell type , a meaningful and sustained therapeutic benefit is unlikely to occur until cell transfer and survival techniques are improved to allow greater engraftment rates ; and trial end points probably need to be reassessed to focus on mechanistic issues or hard end points depending on whether new or already extensively used cells are investigated . Hopefully , these lessons may serve as a building block whose incorporation in the design of second-generation trials will help making them more clinically successful . This article is part of a special issue entitled , `` Cardiovascular Stem Cells Revisited '' .
The major circulating metabolic fuels regulate hunger , and each is affected by dietary composition . An integrated measure of postprandial energy availability from circulating metabolic fuels may help inform dietary recommendations for weight maintenance after weight loss . We examined the effect of low-fat -LRB- LF , 60 % of energy from carbohydrate , 20 % fat , 20 % protein -RRB- , low-glycemic index -LRB- LGI , 40 % -40 % -20 % -RRB- , and very low-carbohydrate -LRB- VLC , 10 % -60 % -30 % -RRB- diets on total postprandial metabolic fuel energy availability -LRB- EA -RRB- during weight loss maintenance . Eight obese young adults were fed a standard hypocaloric diet to produce 10-15 % weight loss . They were then provided isocaloric LF , LGI , and VLC diets in a randomized crossover design , each for a 4-week period of weight loss maintenance . At the end of each dietary period , a test meal representing the respective diet was provided , and blood samples were obtained every 30 minutes for 5 hours . The primary outcome was EA , defined as the combined energy density -LRB- circulating level × relative energy content -RRB- of glucose , free fatty acids , and β-hydroxybutyrate . Secondary outcomes were individual metabolic fuels , metabolic rate , insulin , glucagon , cortisol , epinephrine , and hunger ratings . Respiratory quotient was a process measure . Data were analyzed by repeated-measures analysis of variance , with outcomes compared in the early -LRB- 30 to 150 min -RRB- and late -LRB- 180 to 300 min -RRB- postprandial periods . Metabolic rate also differed in the late postprandial period -LRB- p = 0.0074 -RRB- , with higher values on the VLC than LF -LRB- p = 0.0064 -RRB- and LGI -LRB- p = 0.0066 -RRB- diets . These findings suggest that an LF diet may adversely affect postprandial EA and risk for weight regain during weight loss maintenance .
We conducted a prospective trial of BRAF and mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase -LRB- MEK -RRB- targeted therapy in advanced , operable BRAF mutation-positive melanoma to determine feasibility , tumor response rates , and biomarkers of response and resistance . Thirteen patients with locally or regionally advanced BRAF mutation-positive melanoma received dabrafenib 150 mg po bid for 14 days , followed by dabrafenib plus trametinib 2 mg po daily for 14 days before operation . Biopsies and tumor measurements were obtained at baseline and days 14 and 28 . Formalin-fixed paraffin embedded specimens were analyzed with hematoxylin and eosin , Ki-67 , cleaved caspase-3 , CD8 , phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase -LRB- ERK -RRB- , and phosphorylated MEK immunostains . Therapy was tolerated well , with toxicity ≥ grade 3 in 2 of 13 -LRB- 15 % -RRB- patients . All 12 patients receiving > 14 days of therapy had substantial reduction in tumor volume -LRB- 65 % at day 14 and 78 % at day 28 -RRB- and underwent resection . After 14 days of dabrafenib therapy , there was a marked reduction in viable melanoma cells and a CD8 T-cell -- rich infiltrate . Proliferation of the residual melanoma cells was reduced and apoptosis was increased . The cells continued to express phosphorylated ERK and phosphorylated MEK consistent with incomplete mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway inhibition . Both proliferation and apoptosis were inhibited , but the mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway remained activated , suggesting intrinsic resistance in a subset of tumor cells . Additional investigation of the anti-tumor immune response during targeted therapy and the mechanisms of intrinsic resistance can yield novel therapeutic strategies .
We evaluated whether integration of novel diets for donors and patients , in addition to faecal transplantation -LSB- FT -RSB- , could increase FT remission rate in refractory ulcerative colitis -LSB- UC -RSB- . This was a blinded , randomised , controlled trial in adults with active UC , defined by a simple clinical colitis activity index -LSB- SCCAI -RSB- of ≥ 5 and ≤ 11 and endoscopic Mayo score 2-3 , refractory to medication . Group 1 received free diet and single donor standard FT by colonoscopy on Day 1and rectal enemas on Days 2 and 14 without dietary conditioning of the donor . Group 2 received FT as above but with dietary pre-conditioning of the donor for 14 days and a UC Exclusion Diet -LSB- UCED -RSB- for the patients . Group 3 received the UCED alone . Remission Week 8 Group 1 was 2/17 -LSB- 11.8 % -RSB- , Group 2 was 4/19 -LSB- 21.1 % -RSB- , Group 3 was 6/15 -LSB- 40 % -RSB- -LSB- non-significant -RSB- . Endoscopic remission Group 1 was 2/17 -LSB- 12 % -RSB- , Group 2 was 3/19 -LSB- 16 % -RSB- , Group 3 was 4/15 -LSB- 27 % -RSB- -LSB- Group 1 vs 3 p = 0.38 -RSB- . Mucosal healing -LSB- Mayo 0 -RSB- was achieved only in Group 3 -LSB- 3/15 , 20 % -RSB- vs 0/36 FT patients -LSB- p = 0.022 -RSB- . Exacerbation of disease occurred in 3/17 -LSB- 17.6 % -RSB- of Group 1 , 4/19 -LSB- 21.1 % -RSB- of Group 2 , and 1/15 -LSB- 6.7 % -RSB- of Group 3 -LSB- Group 2 vs 3 , p = 0.35 -RSB- . UCED alone appeared to achieve higher clinical remission and mucosal healing than single donor FT with or without diet . The study was stopped for futility by a safety monitoring board .
Prazosin is a centrally active alpha -LRB- 1 -RRB- adrenergic antagonist . The authors ' goal was to evaluate prazosin efficacy for nightmares , sleep disturbance , and overall posttraumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- in combat veterans . Ten Vietnam combat veterans with chronic PTSD and severe trauma-related nightmares each received prazosin and placebo in a 20-week double-blind crossover protocol . Prazosin -LRB- mean dose = 9.5 mg/day at bedtime , SD = 0.5 -RRB- was superior to placebo for the three primary outcome measures : scores on the 1 -RRB- recurrent distressing dreams item and the 2 -RRB- difficulty falling/staying asleep item of the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale and 3 -RRB- change in overall PTSD severity and functional status according to the Clinical Global Impression of change . Total score and symptom cluster scores for reexperiencing , avoidance/numbing , and hyperarousal on the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale also were significantly more improved in the prazosin condition , and prazosin was well tolerated . These data support the efficacy of prazosin for nightmares , sleep disturbance , and other PTSD symptoms . Preclinical and clinical observations suggest that the centrally active alpha1-adrenergic antagonist prazosin might alleviate trauma content nightmares and other symptoms in combat veterans with chronic posttraumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- . In this retrospective chart review study , we analyzed data from 59 consecutive combat veterans with previously treatment-resistant chronic PTSD -LRB- DSM-IV criteria -RRB- and severe intractable trauma content nightmares to whom prazosin had been prescribed . Nightmare severity was quantified using the recurrent distressing dreams item of the Clinician Administered PTSD Scale -LRB- CAPS -RRB- . Change in overall PTSD severity exclusive of nightmares was estimated by assigning a Clinical Global Impressions-Change scale -LRB- CGI-C -RRB- score based on chart review . Mean + / - SEM recurrent distressing dreams item scores improved significantly -LRB- 7.0 + / - 0.2 to 3.5 + / - 0.3 , p < .0001 -RRB- in the 36 patients who completed at least 8 weeks of prazosin treatment at their maximum titrated dose . The mean maximum prazosin dose achieved in these 36 patients was 9.6 + / - 0.9 mg/day . Recurrent distressing dreams scores also improved in the total group who filled their prazosin prescriptions -LRB- N = 51 -RRB- -LRB- 7.1 + / - 0.2 to 4.2 + / - 0.3 , p < .0001 -RRB- . In a comparison group of 8 patients who did not fill their prazosin prescriptions but continued in outpatient treatment , there was no significant change in CAPS recurrent distressing dreams score -LRB- 6.8 + / - 0.5 to 6.7 + / - 0.4 -RRB- . Central nervous system -LRB- CNS -RRB- adrenergic hyperresponsiveness may be involved in the pathophysiology of posttraumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- . Two Vietnam combat veterans with PTSD prescribed the centrally active alpha1-adrenergic antagonist prazosin for symptoms of benign prostatic hypertrophy unexpectedly reported elimination of combat trauma nightmares . This observation prompted an open-label feasibility trial of prazosin for combat trauma nightmares in chronic combat-induced PTSD . Four consecutively identified combat veterans with chronic DSM-IV PTSD and severe intractable combat trauma nightmares participated in an 8-week open trial of escalating-dose prazosin . Nightmare severity response was rated using the nightmare item of the Clinician Administered PTSD Scale and the Clinical Global Impressions-Change scale . The 2 patients who achieved a daily prazosin dose of at least 5 mg were markedly improved , with complete elimination of trauma nightmares and resumption of normal dreaming . The 2 subjects limited to 2 mg of prazosin to avoid excessive blood pressure reduction were moderately improved with at least 50 % reduction in nightmare severity . These clinical observations , together with neurobiological evidence for alpha1-adrenergic regulation of CNS neurobiological systems relevant to PTSD , provide rationale for placebo-controlled trials of prazosin for PTSD combat trauma nightmares . Trauma-related nightmares in posttraumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- rarely respond to pharmacologic treatment . Neurobiologic data suggest that enhanced brain responsiveness to adrenergic stimulation may contribute to the pathophysiology of trauma-related nightmares in PTSD . Nine older men with chronic PTSD secondary to military or Holocaust trauma were prescribed the lipophilic alpha-1 adrenergic antagonist prazosin for treatment-resistant trauma-related nightmares . Prazosin 2 mg to 4 mg 1 hour before bedtime substantially reduced nightmares and moderately or markedly reduced overall PTSD severity in 8 of 9 subjects . Prazosin was well tolerated . These open-label results are consistent with demonstrated therapeutic efficacy of prazosin for PTSD nightmares and sleep disturbance in a recent placebo-controlled trial in Vietnam veterans .
To estimate the anatomic and symptomatic efficacy of graft use in transvaginal prolapse repair and to estimate the rates and describe the spectrum of adverse events associated with graft use . Eligible studies , published between 1950 and November 27 , 2007 , were retrieved through Medline and bibliography searches . To assess anatomic and symptomatic efficacy of graft use , we used transvaginal prolapse repair studies that compared graft use with either native tissue repair or repair with a different graft . To estimate rates of adverse events from graft use , all comparative studies and case series with at least 30 participants were included . For spectrum of adverse events , all study designs were included . Eligible studies were extracted onto standardized forms by one reviewer and confirmed by a second reviewer . Comparative studies were classified by vaginal compartment -LRB- anterior , posterior , apical , or multiple -RRB- , graft type -LRB- biologic , synthetic-absorbable , synthetic nonabsorbable -RRB- and outcome -LRB- anatomic , symptomatic -RRB- . We found 16 comparative studies , including six randomized trials , 37 noncomparative studies with at least 30 women , 11 case series with fewer than 30 women , and 10 case reports of adverse events . One randomized trial and one prospective comparative study evaluating synthetic , nonabsorbable graft use in the anterior compartment reported favorable anatomic and symptomatic outcomes with graft use . Data regarding graft use for posterior and apical compartments or for biologic or synthetic absorbable graft use in the anterior compartment were insufficient to determine efficacy . Rates and spectrum of adverse events associated with graft use included bleeding -LRB- 0-3 % -RRB- , visceral injury -LRB- 1-4 % -RRB- , urinary infection -LRB- 0-19 % -RRB- , graft erosion -LRB- 0-30 % -RRB- , and fistula -LRB- 1 % -RRB- . There were insufficient data regarding dyspareunia , sexual , voiding , or defecatory dysfunction . Overall , the existing evidence is limited to guide decisions regarding whether to use graft materials in transvaginal prolapse surgery . Adequately powered randomized trials evaluating anatomic and symptomatic efficacy as well as adverse events are needed . There is significant risk of re-operation after pelvic reconstructive surgery . In an attempt to improve outcome , synthetic materials are increasingly being used to augment pelvic organ prolapse repair despite lack of strong evidence to support their routine use . The use of synthetic mesh to correct apical , anterior and posterior vaginal wall prolapse is not without complications . This review aims to evaluate the long-term complications of synthetic mesh in pelvic reconstructive surgery . Pelvic organ prolapse may occur in up to 50 % of parous women . A variety of urinary , bowel and sexual symptoms may be associated with prolapse . To determine the effects of the many different surgeries in the management of pelvic organ prolapse . We searched the Cochrane Incontinence Group Specialised Trials Register -LRB- searched 3 May 2006 -RRB- and reference lists of relevant articles . We also contacted researchers in the field . Randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials that included surgical operations for pelvic organ prolapse . Trials were assessed and data extracted independently by two reviewers . Six investigators were contacted for additional information with five responding . Twenty two randomised controlled trials were identified evaluating 2368 women . However , the vaginal sacrospinous colpopexy was quicker and cheaper to perform and women had an earlier return to activities of daily living . The data were too few to evaluate other clinical outcomes and adverse events . The three trials contributing to this comparison were clinically heterogeneous . For posterior vaginal wall prolapse , the vaginal approach was associated with a lower rate of recurrent rectocele and/or enterocele than the transanal approach -LRB- RR 0.24 , 95 % CI 0.09 to 0.64 -RRB- , although there was a higher blood loss and postoperative narcotic use . However , data on the effect of surgery on bowel symptoms and the use of polyglactin mesh inlay or porcine small intestine graft inlay on the risk of recurrent rectocele were insufficient for meta-analysis . Meta-analysis on the impact of pelvic organ prolapse surgery on continence issues was limited and inconclusive , although about 10 % of women developed new urinary symptoms after surgery . Although the addition of tension-free vaginal tape to endopelvic fascia plication -LRB- RR 5.5 , 95 % CI 1.36 to 22.32 -RRB- and Burch colposuspension to abdominal sacrocolpopexy -LRB- RR 2.13 , 95 % CI 1.39 to 3.24 -RRB- were followed by a lower risk of women developing new postoperative stress incontinence , but other outcomes , particularly economic , remain to be evaluated . Abdominal sacrocolpopexy is associated with a lower rate of recurrent vault prolapse and dyspareunia than the vaginal sacrospinous colpopexy . These benefits must be balanced against a longer operating time , longer time to return to activities of daily living and increased cost of the abdominal approach . The use of mesh or graft inlays at the time of anterior vaginal wall repair may reduce the risk of recurrent cystocele . Posterior vaginal wall repair may be better than transanal repair in the management of rectoceles in terms of recurrence of prolapse . The addition of a continence procedure to a prolapse repair operation may reduce the incidence of postoperative urinary incontinence but this benefit needs to be balanced against possible differences in costs and adverse effects . Adequately powered randomised controlled clinical trials are urgently needed . Despite the lack of evidence , augmenting pelvic organ prolapse surgery with biologic graft or synthetic mesh is increasing . The objective of this review is to examine the available grafts and meshes and discuss the current data addressing the use of these implants in correction of apical , anterior , and posterior prolapse . Most of the studies are retrospective with few randomized controlled trials . There is level I evidence suggesting
P-glycoprotein -LRB- P-gp -RRB- expression at the rodent blood-brain barrier -LRB- BBB -RRB- limits the central nervous system -LRB- CNS -RRB- distribution of anti-human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- protease inhibitors -LRB- PIs -RRB- . However , it is not clear whether P-gp activity at the human BBB is as effective as that in rodents in preventing the distribution of PIs into the CNS . If it is , inhibition of P-gp at the human BBB could increase the distribution of the PIs into the CNS and , therefore , their efficacy against HIV-associated dementia . Because the distribution of the PIs into the human brain can not be directly measured , we conducted studies in a more representative animal , the nonhuman primate . Specifically we investigated the distribution of nelfinavir -LRB- a PI and a P-gp substrate ; 6 mg/kg i.v. -RRB- into the brain and cerebrospinal fluid -LRB- CSF -RRB- of nonhuman primates -LRB- cynomolgus monkeys , Macaca fascicularis -RRB- in the presence and absence of the potent and selective P-gp inhibitor , zosuquidar , and whether changes in brain nelfinavir concentration , after inhibition of P-gp , paralleled those in the CSF . Our data indicate that nelfinavir has poor penetration into the macaque 's brain and CSF , and P-gp inhibition at the BBB by zosuquidar enhanced the distribution of nelfinavir into the brain by 146-fold . However , the concentration of nelfinavir in the CSF was unaffected by coadministration of zosuquidar -LRB- p > 0.05 -RRB- . In conclusion , P-gp inhibition at the nonhuman primate BBB significantly enhanced the distribution of nelfinavir into the brain , and this effect was not observed in the CSF . Therefore , as is common in human studies investigating P-gp inhibition at the BBB , CSF concentration of a drug should not be used as a surrogate marker for brain drug concentration . Penetrance of anti-retroviral drugs into the CNS depends partly on the activity of P-glycoprotein -LRB- P-gp -RRB- , an ATP-dependent efflux pump involved in restricting entry of lipophilic drugs into the brain . The present study characterizes the patterns of P-gp expression in the brains of AIDS patients and examines its relationship with clinical and neuropathological indicators of HIV encephalitis -LRB- HIVE -RRB- . For this purpose , brain tissue collected at autopsy from 26 subjects with a history of HIV -LRB- 9 without HIVE ; 17 with HIVE -RRB- was analyzed . Immunocytochemical staining and Western blot analyses for regional P-gp expression were performed and levels were correlated with neuropathological indicators and with HIV RNA . Double labeling experiments were performed with antibodies against astroglial -LRB- GFAP -RRB- , endothelial -LRB- CD31 -RRB- , microglial -LRB- CD45 -RRB- and neuronal -LRB- MAP2 -RRB- cell markers . In the HIVE-negative cases , P-gp immunoreactivity was associated primarily with endothelial cells . HIVE-positive cases showed extensive immunolabeling of astroglial and microglial cells , but relatively less endothelial cell immunolabeling . In the HIVE-positive cases with extensive astroglial labeling , the most intense immunoreactivity was detected in white matter . A subset of HIVE-positive cases displayed intense P-gp immunostaining of astrocytes closely associated with blood vessels in the cortex . Both the immunocytochemical and Western blot analyses showed a significant correlation between P-gp expression and HIV RNA levels . In conclusion , P-gp immunoreactivity was detected largely in glial cells in tissue from HIVE-positive patients . Furthermore , in HIVE-positive patients , brain viral burden and P-gp levels were significantly higher than those in HIVE-negative patients . Taken together , our data suggest that P-gp may be part of a central pathway mediating viral compartmentalization in the brains of HIV-infected individuals and may play a significant part in HIV disease progression in the brain . Resistance to drug treatment is an important hurdle in the therapy of many brain disorders , including brain cancer , epilepsy , schizophrenia , depression and infection of the brain with HIV . Consequently , there is a pressing need to develop new and more effective treatment strategies . In particular , drug efflux transporters that are expressed at the blood-brain barrier limit the ability of many drugs to access the brain .
Introduction Although home-visiting programs typically engage families during pregnancy , few studies have examined maternal and child health outcomes during the antenatal and newborn period and fewer have demonstrated intervention impacts . Illinois has developed an innovative model in which programs utilizing evidence-based home-visiting models incorporate community doulas who focus on childbirth education , breastfeeding , pregnancy health , and newborn care . This randomized controlled trial -LRB- RCT -RRB- examines the impact of doula-home-visiting on birth outcomes , postpartum maternal and infant health , and newborn care practices . Methods 312 young -LRB- M = 18.4 years -RRB- , pregnant women across four communities were randomly assigned to receive doula-home-visiting services or case management . Women were African American -LRB- 45 % -RRB- , Latina -LRB- 38 % -RRB- , white -LRB- 8 % -RRB- , and multiracial/other -LRB- 9 % -RRB- . They were interviewed during pregnancy and at 3-weeks and 3-months postpartum . Results Intervention-group mothers were more likely to attend childbirth-preparation classes -LRB- 50 vs. 10 % , OR = 9.82 , p < .01 -RRB- , but there were no differences on Caesarean delivery , birthweight , prematurity , or postpartum depression . Conclusions for practices The doula-home-visiting intervention was associated with positive infant-care behaviors . The article `` Randomized Controlled Trial of Doula-Home-Visiting Services : Impact on Maternal and Infant Health '' , written by Sydney L. Hans , Renee C. Edwards and Yudong Zhang , was originally published electronically on the publisher 's internet portal -LRB- currently SpringerLink -RRB- on 31 May 2018 without open access . With the author -LRB- s -RRB- ' decision to opt for Open Choice the copyright of the article changed on 18 July 2018 to
The degree of inhibition reached a maximum of 66 % at 10mm-ethanol under the test conditions and decreased at higher ethanol concentrations . The concentration-dependence of the inhibition is paralleled by the concentration-dependence of the activity of alcohol dehydrogenase . The enzyme is also inhibited by ethanol concentrations above 10 mm . 2 . Gluconeogenesis from pyruvate is not inhibited by ethanol . 3 . The degree of the inhibition of gluconeogenesis from lactate by ethanol depends on the concentration of lactate and other oxidizable substances , e.g. oleate , in the perfusion medium . 4 . Ethanol also inhibits , to different degrees , gluconeogenesis from glycerol , dihydroxyacetone , proline , serine , alanine , fructose and galactose . 5 . The inhibition of gluconeogenesis from lactate by ethanol is reversed by acetaldehyde . 6 . Pyrazole , a specific inhibitor of alcohol dehydrogenase , also reverses the inhibition of gluconeogenesis by ethanol . 7 . Gluconeogenesis in kidney cortex , where the activity of alcohol dehydrogenase is very low , is not inhibited by ethanol . 8 . Kidney cortex , testis , ovary , uterus and certain tissues of the alimentary tract were the only rat tissues , apart from the liver , that showed measurable alcohol dehydrogenase activity . 9 . The concentrations of pyruvate in the liver were decreased to about one-fifth by ethanol . 10 . The concentration of lactate in the perfused liver was about 3 mm below that of the perfusion medium 30 min . after the addition of 10mm-lactate . The great majority of the findings support the view that the inhibition of gluconeogensis by ethanol is caused by the alcohol dehydrogenase reaction , which decreases the -LSB- free NAD -LRB- + -RRB- -RSB- / -LSB- free NADH -RSB- ratio . The decrease lowers the concentration of pyruvate and this is the immediate cause of the inhibition of gluconeogenesis from lactate , alanine and serine : the fall in the concentration of pyruvate lowers the rate of the pyruvate carboxylase reaction , one of the rate-limiting reactions of gluconeogenesis . The cause of the inhibition of gluconeogenesis from other substrates is discussed . Alcohol is associated with acute hypoglycemia in patients with type 1 diabetes . After drinking alcohol in the evening , delayed hypoglycemia has also been described , although its cause is unknown . We performed a controlled study to investigate this phenomenon . We admitted six men with type 1 diabetes -LRB- aged 19-51 years , HbA -LRB- 1c -RRB- 7.0-10.3 % -RRB- on two occasions , from 5:00 P.M. to 12:00 noon the following day . They received regular insulin injections before standardized meals , at 6:00 P.M. and 8:00 A.M. , and a basal insulin infusion -LRB- 0.15 mU x kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- x min -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- from 11:00 P.M. . They drank either dry white wine -LRB- 0.75 g/kg alcohol -RRB- or mineral water at 9:00 P.M. over 90 min . Blood glucose , alcohol , insulin , cortisol , growth hormone , and glucagon levels were measured . Blood ethanol reached a mean -LRB- SEM -RRB- peak of 19.1 -LRB- 1.2 -RRB- mmol/l and was undetectable by 8:00 A.M. . There were no significant differences in evening or overnight blood glucose levels between the studies . In the morning , fasting and postprandial blood glucose levels were significantly lower after consumption of wine -LRB- postprandial peak 8.9 -LSB- 1.7 -RSB- vs. 15 -LSB- 1.5 -RSB- mmol/l , P < 0.01 -RRB- , and from 10:00 A.M. , five subjects required treatment for hypoglycemia -LRB- nadir 1.9-2.9 mmol/l -RRB- . None of the subjects had hypoglycemia after consumption of water . After consumption of wine , growth hormone secretion was significantly reduced between midnight and 4:00 A.M. -LRB- area under the curve 2.1 -LSB- 1.1 -RSB- vs. 6.5 -LSB- 2.1 -RSB- microg . l -LRB- -1 -RRB- x h -LRB- -1 -RRB- , P = 0.04 -RRB- . There were no differences in insulin or other hormone levels . In type 1 diabetes , moderate consumption of alcohol in the evening may predispose patients to hypoglycemia after breakfast the next morning . This is associated with reduced nocturnal growth hormone secretion . Patients should be informed of this risk and advised regarding appropriate preventative measures . To determine the effect of wine on insulin requirement or glucose tolerance . Five men with insulin-treated diabetes and 10 men with non-insulin-treated diabetes ate the same lunch with the same volume of either water or red wine -LRB- 2 glasses -RRB- . Insulin requirement was determined with an artificial pancreas -LRB- Biostator -RRB- . Glucose tolerance was evaluated from the postprandial glycemic level . There was no significant difference in insulin requirement determined with an artificial pancreas in the insulin-treated patients after the two meals -LRB- 31.5 + / - 4.21 U with water and 31.8 + / - 4.3 U with wine -RRB- . Glucose tolerance in the non-insulin-treated patients was lower after the meal with wine . Moderate prandial wine consumption has no adverse effect on the glycemic control of diabetic patients . Thus , it appears unnecessary to proscribe the consumption of red wine in moderation with meals to diabetic patients . Wine contains tannins and phytates that can explain its action . To examine the effect of moderate alcohol intake with a meal on glucose homeostasis in diabetic patients . Alcohol -LRB- 1 g/kg , an aperitif before , wine during , and a drink after a meal -RRB- or an equal amount of mineral water was given during a dinner . Blood glucose and insulin concentrations were measured before , during , and after the meal until the next morning . This study was conducted at the Helsinki University Hospital Metabolic Ward and the Finnish Diabetes Association Education Center . The participants in the study included 10 type I diabetic patients treated with insulin and 16 type II diabetic
To assess the accuracy of DRs in capturing key content , raters analyzed a random sub-sample of 20 pairs of de-identified transcripts and their linked DRs from the VOICE-D trial . Analyses generally supported the accuracy of DRs ; however , pertinent information from transcripts was occasionally missed or recorded with discrepancies or lack of detail . Longer transcripts and DR sections describing complex topic areas were more likely to involve discrepancies . Recommendations are offered for further research and optimizing the use of DRs. In VOICE , a phase IIB trial of daily oral and vaginal tenofovir for HIV prevention , at least 50 % of women receiving active products had undetectable tenofovir in all plasma samples tested . MTN-003D , an ancillary study using in-depth interviews -LRB- IDIs -RRB- and focus group discussions -LRB- FGDs -RRB- , together with retrospective disclosure of plasma tenofovir pharmacokinetic results , explored adherence challenges during VOICE . We systematically recruited participants with pharmacokinetic data -LRB- median six plasma samples -RRB- , categorized as low -LRB- 0 % , N = 79 -RRB- , inconsistent -LRB- 1-74 % , N = 28 -RRB- or high -LRB- ≥ 75 % ; N = 20 -RRB- on the basis of frequency of tenofovir detection . Following disclosure of pharmacokinetic results , reactions were captured and adherence challenges systematically elicited ; IDIs and FGDs were audio-recorded , transcribed , coded and thematically analysed . We interviewed 127 participants from South Africa , Uganda and Zimbabwe . The most common reactions to pharmacokinetic results included surprise -LRB- 41 % ; low pharmacokinetic -RRB- , acceptance -LRB- 39 % ; inconsistent pharmacokinetic -RRB- and happiness -LRB- 65 % ; high pharmacokinetic -RRB- . On the basis of participants ' explanations , we developed a typology of adherence patterns : noninitiation , discontinuation , misimplementation -LRB- resulting from visit-driven use , variable taking , modified dosing or regimen -RRB- and adherence . Fear of product side effects/harm was a frequent concern , fuelled by stories shared among participants . Although women with high pharmacokinetic levels reported similar concerns , several described strategies to overcome challenges . Women at all pharmacokinetic levels suggested real-time drug monitoring and feedback to improve adherence and reporting . Retrospective provision of pharmacokinetic results seemingly promoted candid discussions around nonadherence and study participation . The effect of real-time drug monitoring and feedback on adherence and accuracy of reporting should be evaluated in trials .
The corpus callosum is the major neural pathway that connects homologous cortical areas of the two cerebral hemispheres . The nature of how that interhemispheric connection is manifested is the topic of this review ; specifically , does the corpus callosum serve to communicate an inhibitory or excitatory influence on the contralateral hemisphere ? Several studies take the position that the corpus callosum provides the pathway through which a hemisphere or cortical area can inhibit the other hemisphere or homologous cortical area in order to facilitate optimal functional capacity . Other studies suggest that the corpus callosum integrates information across cerebral hemispheres and thus serves an excitatory function in interhemispheric communication . This review examines these two contrasting theories of interhemispheric communication . Studies of callosotomies , callosal agenesis , language disorders , theories of lateralization and hemispheric asymmetry , and comparative research are critically considered . The available research , no matter how limited , primarily supports the notion that the corpus callosum serves a predominantly excitatory function . There is evidence , however , to support both theories and the possibility remains that the corpus callosum can serve both an inhibitory and excitatory influence on the contralateral hemisphere . The supplementary motor area -LRB- SMA-proper -RRB- plays a key role in the preparation and execution of voluntary movements . Anatomically , SMA-proper is densely reciprocally connected to primary motor cortex -LRB- M1 -RRB- , but neuronal coordination within the SMA-M1 network and its modification by external perturbation are not well understood . Here we modulated the SMA-M1 network using MR-navigated multicoil associative transcranial magnetic stimulation in healthy subjects . We found timing-dependent bidirectional Hebbian-like MEP changes during and for at least 30 min after paired associative SMA-M1 stimulation . MEP amplitude increased if SMA stimulation preceded M1 stimulation by 6 ms , but decreased if SMA stimulation lagged M1 stimulation by 15 ms. This associative plasticity in the SMA-M1 network was highly topographically specific because paired associative stimulation of pre-SMA and M1 did not result in any significant MEP change . Furthermore , associative plasticity in the SMA-M1 network was strongly state-dependent because it required priming by near-simultaneous M1 stimulation to occur . We conclude that timing-dependent bidirectional associative plasticity is demonstrated for the first time at the systems level of a human corticocortical neuronal network . The necessity of priming may reflect the strong interhemispheric connectivity of the SMA-M1 network . Findings are relevant for better understanding reorganization and potentially therapeutic modification of neuronal coordination in the SMA-M1 network after cerebral lesions such as stroke .
We aimed to perform a systematic review of the literature on tissue-engineered airway mucosa . A systematic review of the literature was performed searching Medline -LRB- January 1996 -RRB- and Embase -LRB- January 1980 -RRB- using search terms `` tissue engineering '' or `` tissue '' and `` engineering '' or `` tissue engineered '' and `` mucous membrane '' or `` mucous '' and `` membrane '' or `` mucosa . '' Original studies utilizing tissue engineering to regenerate airway mucosa within the trachea or the main bronchi in animal models or human studies were included . A total of 719 papers matched the search criteria , with 17 fulfilling the entry criteria . Of these 17 , four investigated mucosal engineering in humans , with the remaining 13 studies investigating mucosal engineering in animal models . The review demonstrated how an intact mucosal layer protects against infection and suggests a role for fibroblasts in facilitating epithelial regeneration in vitro . A range of scaffold materials were used , but no single material was clearly superior to the others . The review highlights gaps in the literature and recommends key directions for future research such as epithelial tracking and the role of the extracellular environment .
Any theory of autism 's etiology must take into account its strong genetic basis while explaining its striking epidemiology . The apparent increase in the prevalence of autism over the last 20 years corresponds with increasing medical advice to avoid the sun , advice that has probably lowered vitamin D levels and would theoretically greatly lower activated vitamin D -LRB- calcitriol -RRB- levels in developing brains . Animal data has repeatedly shown that severe vitamin D deficiency during gestation dysregulates dozens of proteins involved in brain development and leads to rat pups with increased brain size and enlarged ventricles , abnormalities similar to those found in autistic children . Children with the Williams Syndrome , who can have greatly elevated calcitriol levels in early infancy , usually have phenotypes that are the opposite of autism . Children with vitamin D deficient rickets have several autistic markers that apparently disappear with high-dose vitamin D treatment . Estrogen and testosterone have very different effects on calcitriol 's metabolism , differences that may explain the striking male/female sex ratios in autism . Calcitriol down-regulates production of inflammatory cytokines in the brain , cytokines that have been associated with autism . Consumption of vitamin D containing fish during pregnancy reduces autistic symptoms in offspring . Autism is more common in areas of impaired UVB penetration such as poleward latitudes , urban areas , areas with high air pollution , and areas of high precipitation . Autism is more common in dark-skinned persons and severe maternal vitamin D deficiency is exceptionally common the dark-skinned . simple Gaussian distributions of the enzyme that activates neural calcitriol combined with widespread gestational and/or early childhood vitamin D deficiency may explain both the genetics and epidemiology of autism . If so , much of the disease is iatrogenic , brought on by medical advice to avoid the sun . Several types of studies could easily test the theory . Autism spectrum disorder -LRB- ASD -RRB- is a complex neurodevelopmental disorder with multiple genetic and environmental risk factors . The interplay between genetic and environmental factors has become the subject of intensified research in the last several years . Vitamin D deficiency has recently been proposed as a possible environmental risk factor for ASD . The aim of the current paper is to systematically review the research regarding the possible connection between ASD and vitamin D , and to provide a narrative review of the literature regarding the role of vitamin D in various biological processes in order to generate hypotheses for future research . Systematic data obtained by different research groups provide some , albeit very limited , support for the possible role of vitamin D deficiency in the pathogenesis of ASD . There are two main areas of involvement of vitamin D in the human body that could potentially have direct impact on the development of ASD : -LRB- 1 -RRB- the brain -LRB- its homeostasis , immune system and neurodevelopment -RRB- and -LRB- 2 -RRB- gene regulation . Vitamin D deficiency -- either during pregnancy or early childhood -- may be an environmental trigger for ASD in individuals genetically predisposed for the broad phenotype of autism . On the basis of the results of the present review , we argue for the recognition of this possibly important role of vitamin D in ASD , and for urgent research in the field . Aside from the skeletal health affection , vitamin D deficiency has been implicated as a potential environmental factor triggering for some autoimmune disorders . Vitamin D might play a role in the regulation of the production of auto-antibodies . Immunomodulatory effects of vitamin D may act not only through modulation of T-helper cell function , but also through induction of CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- CD25 -LRB- high -RRB- regulatory T-cells . We are the first to investigate the relationship between serum levels of 25-hydroxy vitamin D and anti-myelin-associated glycoprotein -LRB- anti-MAG -RRB- auto-antibodies in autistic children . Serum levels of 25-hydroxy vitamin D and anti-MAG auto-antibodies were measured in 50 autistic children , aged between 5 and 12 years , and 30 healthy-matched children . Serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D levels 10-30 ng/mL and < 10 ng/mL were defined as vitamin D insufficiency and deficiency , respectively . Increased levels of serum anti-MAG auto-antibodies were found in 70 % of autistic patients . Serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D levels had significant negative correlations with serum levels of anti-MAG auto-antibodies -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Vitamin D deficiency was found in some autistic children and this deficiency may contribute to the induction of the production of serum anti-MAG auto-antibodies in these children . However , future studies looking at a potential role of vitamin D in the pathophysiology and treatment of autism are warranted . Serotonin and vitamin D have been proposed to play a role in autism ; however , no causal mechanism has been established . Here , we present evidence that vitamin D hormone -LRB- calcitriol -RRB- activates the transcription of the serotonin-synthesizing gene tryptophan hydroxylase 2 -LRB- TPH2 -RRB- in the brain at a vitamin D response element -LRB- VDRE -RRB- and represses the transcription of TPH1 in tissues outside the blood-brain barrier at a distinct VDRE . The proposed mechanism explains 4 major characteristics associated with autism : the low concentrations of serotonin in the brain and its elevated concentrations in tissues outside the blood-brain barrier ; the low concentrations of the vitamin D hormone precursor 25-hydroxyvitamin D -LSB- 25 -LRB- OH -RRB- D3 -RSB- ; the high male prevalence of autism ; and the presence of maternal antibodies against fetal brain tissue . Two peptide hormones , oxytocin and vasopressin , are also associated with autism and genes encoding the oxytocin-neurophysin I preproprotein , the oxytocin receptor , and the arginine vasopressin receptor contain VDREs for activation . Supplementation with vitamin D and tryptophan is a practical and affordable solution to help prevent autism and possibly ameliorate some symptoms of the
To assess the extent to which hypotheses about potential adverse effects of epidural analgesia during labour can be tested using evidence from controlled comparisons of epidural with non-epidural forms of pain relief . Prospective studies in which an attempt had been made to use random allocation to generate comparable groups of women receiving epidural and non-epidural forms of pain relief during labour . IDENTIFICATION OF RELEVANT STUDIES : Systematic hand search of a total of 36 anaesthetic , obstetric and general journals , and more than 30 other journals -LRB- 1950-1990 -RRB- , and a search of MEDLINE -LRB- 1966-1990 -RRB- . Data were abstracted from published reports of 9 controlled trials , involving a total of 600 women . It was possible to obtain some missing information and data from the investigators . Very few postulated effects of epidural block during labour can be confirmed or rejected on the basis of the evidence generated by the small number of controlled trials . Evidence derived from these trials confirms that epidural block provides more effective relief of pain than alternatives ; and that if it is continued during the second stage of labour , it can cause a substantial increase in the use of instrumental delivery . In view of hypotheses about potentially important adverse effects , there is still a need to conduct larger , better designed randomised controlled trials . To compare the effects of epidural analgesia with intravenous -LRB- IV -RRB- analgesia on the outcome of labor . Thirteen hundred thirty women with uncomplicated term pregnancies and in spontaneous labor were randomized to be offered epidural bupivacaine-fentanyl or IV meperidine analgesia during labor . Comparison of the allocation groups by intent to treat revealed a significant association between epidural allocation and operative delivery for dystocia . However , only 65 % of each randomization group accepted the allocated treatment . Four hundred thirty-seven women accepted and received meperidine as allocated , and they were compared with 432 women accepting epidural allocation . Significant associations resulted between epidural administration and prolongation of labor , increased rate of oxytocin administration , chorioamnionitis , low forceps , and cesarean delivery . The impact of epidural treatment on cesarean delivery was significant for both nulliparous and parous women -LRB- risk ratios 2.55 and 3.81 , respectively -RRB- . Epidural analgesia provided significantly better pain relief in labor than did parenteral meperidine . Although labor epidural analgesia is superior to meperidine for pain relief , labor is prolonged , uterine infection is increased , and the number of operative deliveries are increased . A two - to fourfold increased risk of cesarean delivery is associated with epidural treatment in both nulliparous and parous women . Several studies have characterized the 50 % and 95 % effective doses -LRB- ED50 and ED95 , respectively -RRB- of intrathecal sufentanil for labor analgesia . Few have investigated these same criteria for the less expensive alternative , fentanyl . In addition , the ventilatory effects of intrathecal fentanyl at clinically relevant doses are unclear . We performed this study to establish the dose-response relationship of intrathecal fentanyl for both analgesia and ventilatory depression . Ninety parturients in active early labor -LRB- < or = 5 cm dilation -RRB- received intrathecal fentanyl 5 , 7.5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , or 25 micrograms in a double-blinded , randomized fashion -LRB- n = 15 patients in each group -RRB- . Parturients were monitored for degree of pain -LRB- measured using a 100-mm visual analog pain scale -RRB- , blood pressure , arterial oxygen saturation -LRB- SaO2 -RRB- , respiratory rate , ETCO2 , and fetal heart rate 0 , 1 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 , and 30 min after the administration of intrathecal fentanyl . An absolute visual analog pain scale score < or = 25 mm was defined a priori as analgesic success . The percentage of parturients who achieved analgesic success was used to construct quantal dose-response curves , from which the ED50 and ED95 values were derived for the total population -LRB- mixed parity -RRB- and the nulliparous and multiparous subpopulations separately . Overall ED50 and ED95 values -LRB- 95 % CI -RRB- were 5.5 -LRB- 3.4-7.2 -RRB- and 17.4 -LRB- 13.8-27.1 -RRB- micrograms , respectively . Nulliparous values were lower -LRB- 5.3 and 15.9 micrograms , respectively -RRB- than multiparous values -LRB- 6.9 and 26.0 micrograms , respectively -RRB- but were within the 95 % CIs of the total population . Pruritus incidence in parturients with analgesic success displayed a dose-response relationship identical to that seen for analgesia . ETCO2 displayed a dose-related increase , particularly at doses > or = 15 micrograms , without concomitant changes in respiratory rate or SaO2 , which suggests a decrease in tidal volume . Even in the absence of overt signs or symptoms of somnolence , intrathecal fentanyl at doses within the effective analgesic range induced a change in ventilation that may last longer than the 30-min period we studied . Intrathecal fentanyl induces rapid and satisfying dose-dependent analgesia in early labor ; however , it also produces dose-related decreases in ventilation in the absence of overt somnolence . Combining bupivacaine with fentanyl for intrathecal analgesia in labor is well recognized , but dosages commonly used are arbitrarily chosen and may be excessive . This study aimed to determine the median effective dose -LRB- ED50 -RRB- of intrathecal bupivacaine , defined as the minimum local analgesic dose -LRB- MLAD -RRB- , and then use this to assess the effect of different doses of fentanyl . In this double-blind , randomized , prospective study , 124 parturients receiving combined spinal epidural analgesia at 2-6-cm cervical dilatation were allocated to one of four groups to receive bupivacaine alone or with 5 , 15 , or 25 microg fentanyl , using the technique of up-down sequential allocation . Analgesic effectiveness was assessed using 100-mm visual analog pain scores , with less than
To systematically review the currently available literature concerning the application of biologic agents such as platelet-rich plasma -LRB- PRP -RRB- and stem cells to promote anterior cruciate ligament -LRB- ACL -RRB- healing . A systematic review of the literature was performed on the use of biologic agents -LRB- i.e. , PRP or stem cells -RRB- to favor ACL healing during reconstruction or repair . The following inclusion criteria for relevant articles were used : Clinical reports of any level of evidence , written in English language , on the use of PRP or stem cells during ACL reconstruction/repair . Exclusion criteria were articles written in other languages , reviews , or studies analyzing other applications of PRP/stem cells in knee surgery not related to promoting ACL healing . The database search identified 394 records that were screened . A total of 23 studies were included in the final analysis : In one paper stem cells were applied for ACL healing , in one paper there was a concomitant application of PRP and stem cells , whereas in the remaining 21 papers PRP was used . Based on the ACL injury pattern , two papers investigated biologic agents in ACL partial tears whereas 21 papers in ACL reconstruction . Looking at the quality of the available literature , 17 out of 21 studies dealing with ACL reconstruction were randomized controlled trials . Both studies on ACL repair were case series . There is a paucity of clinical trials investigating the role of stem cells in promoting ACL healing both in case of partial and complete tears . The role of PRP is still controversial and the only advantage emerging from the literature is related to a better graft maturation over time , without documenting beneficial effects in terms of clinical outcome , bone-graft integration and prevention of bony tunnel enlargement . The use of platelet-rich plasma -LRB- PRP -RRB- injections in the treatment of musculoskeletal conditions has become more prevalent in recent years . Current literature has exhibited that PRP injections are relatively safe and can potentially accelerate or augment the soft tissue healing process . This review presents the most current literature update on the use of PRP in the treatment of rotator cuff tears , osteoarthritis of the knee , ulnar collateral ligament tears , lateral epicondylitis , hamstring injuries , and Achilles tendinopathy . The aim of this study was to assess a novel approach to treating severe knee osteoarthritis by targeting synovial membrane , superficial articular cartilage , synovial fluid , and subchondral bone by combining intra-articular injections and intraosseous infiltrations of platelet rich plasma . We explored a new strategy consisting of intraosseous infiltrations of platelet rich plasma into the subchondral bone in combination with the conventional intra-articular injection in order to tackle several knee joint tissues simultaneously . We assessed the clinical outcomes through osteoarthritis outcome score -LRB- KOOS -RRB- and the inflammatory response by quantifying mesenchymal stem cells in synovial fluid . There was a significant pain reduction in the KOOS from baseline -LRB- 61.55 ± 14.11 -RRB- to week 24 -LRB- 74.60 ± 19.19 -RRB- , after treatment -LRB- p = 0.008 -RRB- , in the secondary outcomes -LRB- symptoms , p = 0.004 ; ADL , p = 0.022 ; sport/rec . , p = 0.017 ; QOL , p = 0.012 -RRB- , as well as VAS score -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- and Lequesne Index -LRB- p = 0.008 -RRB- . Intra-articular injections combined with intraosseous infiltrations of platelet rich plasma reduce pain and mesenchymal stem cells in synovial fluid , besides significantly improving knee joint function in patients with severe knee osteoarthritis . This trial is registered on EudraCT with the number 2013-003982-32 . Knee osteoarthritis is a very common chronic degenerative disease that could impose significant costs to the health system . Although osteoarthritis can affect all joints , knee osteoarthritis is the most common type among adolescents . Non-surgical treatments include corticosteroids injection , hyaluronic acid , and platelet-rich plasma . The aim of this study was to investigate the efficiency of platelet-rich plasma versus hyaluronic acid for the treatment of knee osteoarthritis . Pubmed , Cochran library , Scopus and Ovid databases were investigated to identify related studies from 2000 through August 2015 . To study the efficiency , Western Ontario and McMaster Universities Osteoarthritis Index -LRB- WOMAC -RRB- outcome using the Standard Mean Difference -LRB- SMD -RRB- index was calculated using a random model and a confidence interval of 95 % . In addition , sensitivity and cumulative analysis were conducted . The data were analyzed using RevMan 5.3.5 and Stata 12 software . Seven studies with 722 subjects -LRB- 364 participants in PRP and 358 participants in the HA group -RRB- were analyzed . The results of this meta-analysis two years after PRP injection showed the efficacy of PRP versus HA . However , further studies are required to determine the longer-term effects . Interleukin -LRB- IL -RRB- -1 β-induced chondrocyte apoptosis is associated with the pathogenesis of arthritis . Platelet‑rich plasma -LRB- PRP -RRB- , which is derived from the patient 's own blood and contains numerous growth factors , has the potential for arthritis treatment . Therefore , the present study aimed to determine the effects of PRP on chondrocyte apoptosis , under IL‑1β‑induced pathological conditions . Chondrocytes isolated from the knee joint of Sprague Dawley rats were used in the present study . Cell viability was determined using the Cell Counting kit‑8 assay , cell apoptosis was evaluated by flow cytometry , and the expression of apoptosis ‑ , anabolism ‑ and catabolism-associated genes were detected by quantitative polymerase chain reaction ; protein expression was detected by western blot analysis . The results demonstrated that 10 % PRP in the culture medium increased chondrocyte proliferation , whereas IL‑1β induced cell apoptosis . Treatment with PRP significantly attenuated cell apoptosis in IL‑1β‑treated chondrocytes , and altered apoptosis‑associated expression at the gene and
Between August 2002 and July 2003 , 70 patients -LRB- 39 male and 31 female patients -RRB- with low back pain and sciatica were studied . Soft tissue ultrasonography was performed to locate the sacral hiatus . A 21-gauge caudal epidural needle was inserted and guided by ultrasound to the sacral hiatus and into the caudal epidural space . Proper needle placement was confirmed by fluoroscopy . In all the recruited patients , the sacral hiatus was located accurately by ultrasound , and the caudal epidural needle was guided successfully to the sacral hiatus and into the caudal epidural space . There was 100 % accuracy in caudal epidural needle placement into the caudal epidural space under ultrasound guidance as confirmed by contrast dye fluoroscopy . Ultrasound is radiation free , is easy to use , and can provide real-time images in guiding the caudal epidural needle into the caudal epidural space . Ultrasound may therefore be used as an adjuvant tool in caudal needle placement . The use of ultrasound reduces the onset time , improves the quality of sensory block , and minimizes the risks associated with the supraclavicular approach for brachial plexus and stellate ganglion blockade . The present study was designed to evaluate whether ultrasound also facilitates the approach for 3-in-1 blocks . Forty patients -LRB- ASA physical status II or III -RRB- undergoing hip surgery after trauma were randomly assigned to two groups . In the ultrasound -LRB- US -RRB- group , 20 mL bupivacaine 0.5 % was administered under US guidance , whereas in the control group , the same amount and concentration of local anesthetic was administered with the assistance of a nerve stimulator -LRB- NS -RRB- . After US - or NS-based identification of the femoral nerve , the local anesthetic solution was administered , and the distribution of the local anesthetic solution was visualized and recorded on videotape in the US group . The quality and the onset of the sensory block was assessed by using the pinprick test in the central sensory region of each of the three nerves and compared with the same stimulation on the contralateral leg every 10 min for 60 min . The rating was performed using a scale from 100 % -LRB- uncompromised sensibility -RRB- to 0 % -LRB- no sensory sensation -RRB- . Heart rate , noninvasive blood pressure , and oxygen saturation were measured at short intervals for 60 min . The onset of sensory blockade was significantly shorter in Group US compared with Group NS -LRB- US 16 + / - 14 min , NS 27 + / - 16 min , P < 0.05 -RRB- . The quality of the sensory block after injection of the local anesthetic was also significantly better in Group US compared with Group NS -LRB- US 15 % + / - 10 % of initial value , NS 27 % + / - 14 % of initial value , P < 0.05 -RRB- . A good analgesic effect was achieved in 95 % of the patients in the US group and in 85 % of the patients in the NS group . In the US group , visualization of the cannula tip , the femoral nerve , the major vessels , and the local anesthetic spread was possible in 85 % of patients . Incidental arterial puncture -LRB- n = 3 -RRB- was observed only in the NS group . We conclude that an US-guided approach for 3-in-1 block reduces the onset time , improves the quality of the sensory block and minimizes the risks associated with this regional anesthetic technique . The onset time and the quality of a regional anesthetic technique for the lower extremity is improved by ultrasonographic nerve identification compared with older techniques . Recently it has been demonstrated that the use of ultrasound -LRB- US -RRB- improves the onset time and the quality of sensory block for 3-in-1 blocks compared with conventional nerve stimulator -LRB- NS -RRB- techniques . The present study was designed to evaluate if US guidance for 3-in-1 blocks reduces the amount of local anesthetic compared to NS guidance . In group A , the 3-in-1 block was performed using US guidance with 20 mL 0.5 % bupivacaine . Group B received 20 mL 0.5 % bupivacaine , and group C received 30 mL 0.5 % bupivacaine during NS guidance . The quality and the onset time was assessed by pinprick test in the central sensory region of each of the three targeted nerves and compared with the contralateral leg every 10 minutes for 1 hour by a blinded observer . The rating was undertaken using a scale from 100 % -LRB- uncompromised sensibility -RRB- to 0 % -LRB- no sensation -RRB- . Overall success for the 3-in-1 block in group A was 95 % and in groups B and C 80 % . Onset time was significantly shorter in the US-guided group compared with both NS-guided groups -LRB- group A 13 + / -6 minutes ; group B 27 + / -12 minutes ; and group C 26 + / -13 minutes ; P < .01 to groups B and C -RRB- . Quality of sensory block was significantly better in group A -LRB- 4 % + / -5 % of initial value -RRB- compared with groups B and C -LRB- group B 21 % + / -11 % of initial value , P < .01 to group A ; group C 22 % + / -19 % , P < .01 to group A -RRB- . The amount of local anesthetic for 3-in-1 blocks can be reduced by using US guidance compared with the conventional NS-guided technique . The prevalence of chronic low back pain and related disability is rapidly increasing as are the myriad treatments , including epidural injections . Recently Chou et al performed a technology assessment review for Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality -LRB- AHRQ -RRB- part of which was published in
To assess the effectiveness of physical-procedural interventions in reducing pain during intramuscular injections . Systematic review and meta-analysis . English keywords were used to search databases -LSB- MEDLINE -LRB- OVID , Ebsco -RRB- , SCOPUS , Science Direct , COCHRANE and the reference lists from retrieved articles -RSB- from their inception to November 2017 and randomized and quasi-experimental trials were selected based on inclusion and exclusion criteria . The standardized mean difference and random effects model were used . From 2,318 articles , 15 articles -LRB- 1996-2017 -RRB- met the criteria for the meta-analysis . Physical-procedural interventions described in the articles were included in this systematic review . The overall standardized mean difference was 0.595 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- = 0.417-0.773 -RRB- , indicating a moderate effect on pain levels . Generally , these interventions -LRB- two-needle technique , acupressure , manual pressure , ShotBlocker , Z-technique , air-lock technique , injection site postinjection massage , and speed of injection -RRB- have been found to moderately reduce pain . It seems difficult to conclude that a single intervention reduces pain in adults . However , we can state that the most effective interventions for reducing pain during intramuscular injections in adults involve the ventrogluteal site , the Z-technique , and manual pressure . The systematic review will provide guidance to clinicians , staff , and educator nurses and future studies . The systematic review will help nurses and educators apply techniques based on evidence in any setting . The systematic review will guide well-designed and well-reported studies to contribute to the accumulation of evidence in nursing research . The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effectiveness of distraction cards in reducing pain and anxiety during intramuscular -LRB- IM -RRB- injection in children aged between 6 and 11 years . Sixty children were randomized into two groups , the distraction group and controls . The children in the distraction group viewed distraction cards during the procedure . The children in the control group were allowed to have their family nearby when the routine injection procedure was performed , but no distraction techniques were employed . Children 's Fear Scale was used to assess children 's anxiety levels . Pain levels were assessed using the Wong-Baker FACES pain rating scale via self-reports , which were completed by the children and also by the parents and observer . There were significant differences in the self - , parent - , and observer-reported pain and parent - and observer-reported anxiety levels between the distraction and control groups . Distraction methods , such as distraction cards , should be used as a nursing intervention to reduce pain and anxiety during IM injection in children . This study contributes to the literature on nonpharmacologic pain relief methods during IM injection in children . Procedural pain in general , and intramuscular -LRB- IM -RRB- injection pain in particular , is one of the most distressing and painful health care experiences for children . Pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic methods are used as forms of pain control for children undergoing acute painful interventions in emergency departments . This study was a prospective , randomized controlled trial . The sample consisted of children aged 5 to 10 years old who required IM injections . Children were placed in 4 subgroups through randomization , using a computer program : the Buzzy -LRB- MMJ Labs . Atlanta , GA -RRB- group -LRB- n = 40 -RRB- , the ShotBlocker -LRB- Bionix Development Corporation , Toledo , OH -RRB- group -LRB- n = 40 -RRB- , the bubble-blowing group -LRB- n = 40 -RRB- , and the control group -LRB- n = 40 -RRB- . Immediately before and after the injection , the children , their parents , and an observer were asked to evaluate the child 's level of fear . The Oucher scale was also employed by the observers , children , and parents immediately after the procedure to assess the level of pain in the children in each group . No statistically significant difference was determined between the control and intervention groups in terms gender , age , previous pain experienced with injection , the parent who was with the child , the parent 's age . Pain and fear were notably less in the group of children receiving the Buzzy intervention . The Buzzy intervention should be used when children are undergoing IM injections to reduce their levels of pain and fear . This is the second update of a Cochrane Review -LRB- Issue 4 , 2006 -RRB- . Pain and distress from needle-related procedures are common during childhood and can be reduced through use of psychological interventions -LRB- cognitive or behavioral strategies , or both -RRB- . Our first review update -LRB- Issue 10 , 2013 -RRB- showed efficacy of distraction and hypnosis for needle-related pain and distress in children and adolescents . To assess the efficacy of psychological interventions for needle-related procedural pain and distress in children and adolescents . We searched six electronic databases for relevant trials : Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials -LRB- CENTRAL -RRB- ; MEDLINE ; PsycINFO ; Embase ; Web of Science -LRB- ISI Web of Knowledge -RRB- ; and Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature -LRB- CINAHL -RRB- . We sent requests for additional studies to pediatric pain and child health electronic listservs . We also searched registries for relevant completed trials : clinicaltrials.gov ; and World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform -LRB- www.who.int.trialsearch -RRB- . We conducted searches up to September 2017 to identify records published since the last review update in 2013 . We included peer-reviewed published randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- with at least five participants per study arm , comparing a psychological intervention with a control or comparison group . Trials involved children aged two to 19 years undergoing any needle-related medical procedure . Two review authors extracted data and assessed risks of bias using
This report describes ambulatory care visits to hospital emergency departments -LRB- EDs -RRB- in the United States in 2004 . Statistics are presented on selected hospital , patient , and visit characteristics . Selected trends in ED utilization from 1994 through 2004 are also presented . The data presented in this report were collected in the 2004 National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey -LRB- NHAMCS -RRB- , a national probability sample survey of visits to emergency and outpatient departments of non-Federal , short-stay , and general hospitals in the United States . Sample data are weighted to produce annual national estimates . During 2004 , an estimated 110.2 million visits were made to hospital EDs , about 38.2 visits per 100 persons . Visit rates have shown an increasing trend since 1994 for persons aged 22-49 years , 50-64 years , and 65 years and over . In 2004 , more than 16 million patients arrived by ambulance -LRB- 15.1 percent -RRB- . At approximately 3 percent of visits , the patient had been seen in the ED within the last 72 hours . Abdominal pain , chest pain , fever , and back symptoms were the leading patient complaints , accounting for nearly one-fifth of all visits . Abdominal pain was the leading illness-related diagnosis at ED visits . There were an estimated 41.4 million injury-related visits or 14.4 visits per 100 persons . Diagnostic and screening services were provided at 89.9 percent of ED visits . Procedures were performed at 47.7 percent , and medications were prescribed at 78.4 percent of ED visits . Approximately 13 percent of ED visits resulted in hospital admission . On average , patients spent 3.3 hours in the ED , of which 47.4 minutes were spent waiting to see a physician . Current risk stratification tools do not identify very-low-risk patients who can be safely discharged without prolonged emergency department -LRB- ED -RRB- observation , expensive rule-out protocols , or provocative testing . We seek to develop a clinical prediction rule applicable within 2 hours of ED arrival that would miss fewer than 2 % of acute coronary syndrome patients and allow discharge within 2 to 3 hours for at least 30 % of patients without acute coronary syndrome . This prospective , cohort study enrolled consenting eligible subjects at least 25 years old at a single site . At 30 days , investigators assigned a diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome or no acute coronary syndrome according to predefined explicit definitions . A recursive partitioning model included risk factors , pain characteristics , physical and ECG findings , and cardiac marker results . Of 769 patients studied , 77 -LRB- 10.0 % -RRB- had acute myocardial infarction and 88 -LRB- 11.4 % -RRB- definite unstable angina . We derived a clinical prediction rule that was 98.8 % sensitive and 32.5 % specific . Patients have very low risk of acute coronary syndrome if they have a normal initial ECG , no previous ischemic chest pain , and age younger than 40 years . In addition , patients at least 40 years old and with a normal ECG result , no previous ischemic chest pain , and low-risk pain characteristics have very low risk if they have an initial creatine kinase-MB -LRB- CK-MB -RRB- less than 3.0 microg/L or an initial CK-MB greater than or equal to 3.0 microg/L but no ECG or serum-marker increase at 2 hours . The Vancouver Chest Pain Rule for early discharge defines a group of patients who can be safely discharged after a brief evaluation in the ED . Prospective validation is needed . This study sought to compare the safety , diagnostic efficacy , and efficiency of multi-slice computed tomography -LRB- MSCT -RRB- with standard diagnostic evaluation of low-risk acute chest pain patients . Over 1 million patients have emergency center evaluations for acute chest pain annually , at an estimated diagnostic cost of over $ 10 billion . Multi-slice computed tomography has a high negative predictive value for exclusion of coronary artery stenoses . We randomized patients to MSCT -LRB- n = 99 -RRB- versus SOC -LRB- n = 98 -RRB- protocols . The MSCT patients with minimal disease were discharged ; those with stenosis > 70 % underwent catheterization , whereas cases with intermediate lesions or non-diagnostic scans underwent stress testing . Outcomes included : safety -LRB- freedom from major adverse events over 6 months -RRB- , diagnostic efficacy -LRB- clinically correct and definitive diagnosis -RRB- , as well as time and cost of care . Both approaches were completely -LRB- 100 % -RRB- safe . The MSCT alone immediately excluded or identified coronary disease as the source of chest pain in 75 % of patients , including 67 with normal coronary arteries and 8 with severe disease referred for invasive evaluation . The remaining 25 % of patients required stress testing , owing to intermediate severity lesions or non-diagnostic scans . During the index visit , MSCT evaluation reduced diagnostic time compared with SOC -LRB- 3.4 h vs. 15.0 h , p < 0.001 -RRB- and lowered costs -LRB- 1,586 dollars vs. 1,872 dollars , p < 0.001 -RRB- . Importantly , MSCT patients required fewer repeat evaluations for recurrent chest pain -LRB- MSCT , 2 of 99 -LRB- 2.0 % -RRB- patients vs. SOC , 7 of 99 -LRB- 7 % -RRB- patients ; p = 0.10 -RRB- . Multi-slice computed tomographic coronary angiography can definitively establish or exclude coronary disease as the cause of chest pain . However , inability to determine the physiological significance of intermediate severity coronary lesions and cases with inadequate image quality are present limitations . -LRB- Study of Coronary Artery Computed Tomography to Diagnose Emergency Chest Pain CR ; http://clinicaltrials.gov/ct/show/NCT00273832?order=1 ; NCT00273832 -RRB- . Nearly half of patients hospitalized with unstable angina eventually receive a non-cardiac-related diagnosis , yet 5 percent of patients with myocardial infarction are inappropriately discharged from the emergency department . We evaluated
Sleep duration has been implicated in the etiology of obesity but less is known about the association between sleep and other behavioral risk factors for cardiovascular disease . The aim of this study was to examine the associations among sleep duration , chronotype , and physical activity , screen-based sedentary behavior , tobacco use , and dietary intake . Regression models were used to examine sleep duration and chronotype as the predictors and cardiovascular risk factors as outcomes of interest in a cross-sectional sample of 439,933 adults enrolled in the UK Biobank project . Short sleepers were 45 % more likely to smoke tobacco than adequate sleepers -LRB- 9.8 vs. 6.9 % , respectively -RRB- . Late chronotypes were more than twice as likely to smoke tobacco than intermediate types -LRB- 14.9 vs. 7.4 % , respectively -RRB- . Long sleepers reported 0.61 more hours of television per day than adequate sleepers . Early chronotypes reported 0.20 fewer daily hours of computer use per day than intermediate chronotypes . Early chronotypes had 0.25 more servings of fruit and 0.13 more servings of vegetables per day than late chronotypes . Short and long sleep duration and late chronotype are associated with greater likelihood of cardiovascular risk behaviors . Further work is needed to determine whether these findings are maintained in the context of objective sleep and circadian estimates , and in more diverse samples . The extent to which promoting adequate sleep duration and earlier sleep timing improves heart health should also be examined prospectively . As many as one-half of smokers relapse in the first week following a quit attempt , and subjective reports of cognitive deficits in early abstinence are associated with increased relapse risk . This study examined whether objective cognitive performance after 3 days of abstinence predicts smoking resumption in a 7-day simulated quit attempt . Sixty-seven treatment-seeking smokers received either varenicline or placebo -LRB- randomized double-blind -RRB- for 21 days . Following medication run-up -LRB- days 1-10 -RRB- , there was a 3-day mandatory -LRB- biochemically confirmed -RRB- abstinence period -LRB- days 11-13 -RRB- during which working memory -LRB- Letter-N-Back Task -RRB- and sustained attention -LRB- Continuous Performance Task -RRB- were assessed -LRB- day 13 -RRB- . Participants were then exposed to a scheduled smoking lapse and instructed to try to remain abstinent for the next 7 days -LRB- days 15-21 -RRB- . Poorer cognitive performance -LRB- slower correct reaction time on Letter-N-Back task -RRB- during abstinence predicted more rapid smoking resumption among those receiving placebo -LRB- p = 0.038 -RRB- but not among those receiving varenicline . These data lend further support for the growing recognition that cognitive deficits involving working memory are a core symptom of nicotine withdrawal and a potential target for the development of pharmacological and behavioral treatments . Neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors -LRB- nAChRs -RRB- are a key target in medication development for various neuropsychiatric disorders , including nicotine dependence . Varenicline , a partial agonist at the alpha4beta2 nAChRs , is a new , efficacious medication for nicotine dependence . Its effects on the affective and cognitive dimensions of nicotine withdrawal have yet to be well characterized . Sixty-seven treatment-seeking smokers were administered varenicline -LRB- x 21 days -RRB- and placebo -LRB- x 21 days -RRB- in a double-blind within-subject crossover design . Following medication run-up -LRB- Days 1-10 -RRB- , there was a 3-day mandatory smoking abstinence phase -LRB- Days 11-13 -RRB- during which subjective symptoms and cognitive performance were assessed . Participants were reexposed to a scheduled smoking lapse -LRB- Day 14 -RRB- and followed for days to lapse -LRB- Days 15-21 -RRB- in each medication period . Medication effects on days to lapse following the scheduled smoking lapse were dependent on treatment order -LRB- p = .001 -RRB- ; among participants who received placebo in the first period , varenicline increased days of abstinence in the follow-up period . These data identify novel affective and cognitive effects of varenicline and may have implications for medication development for other neuropsychiatric conditions .
There are concerns about the impact of robotic proctectomy on the quality of total mesorectal excision -LRB- TME -RRB- and the impact of laparoscopic proctectomy on the depth of the circumferential resection margin -LRB- CRM -RRB- . The aim of this study was to compare the first 20 consecutive robotic proctectomies performed in our unit with matched series of open and laparoscopic proctocolectomy performed by the same surgeon . Data on the first 20 consecutive patients treated with robotic proctectomy for rectal cancer , < 12 cm from the anal verge , by the senior author -LRB- RB -RRB- were extracted from a prospectively maintained database . Groups of patients treated with open and laparoscopic proctectomy , matched for age , gender and body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- with those undergoing robotic proctectomy , were selected . The quality of the TME was judged as complete , nearly complete or incomplete . CRM clearance was reported in millimetres . Physiological parameters and operative severity were assessed . Age -LRB- P = 0.619 -RRB- , Physiological and Operative Severity Score for the Enumeration of Morbidity and Mortality -LRB- POSSUM -RRB- score -LRB- P = 0.657 -RRB- , operative severity score -LRB- P = 0.977 -RRB- , predicted mortality -LRB- P = 0.758 -RRB- , comorbidities -LRB- P = 0.427 -RRB- , previous abdominal surgery -LRB- P = 0.941 -RRB- , tumour height -LRB- P = 0.912 -RRB- , location -LRB- P = 0.876 -RRB- , stage -LRB- P = 0.984 -RRB- , neoadjuvant chemoradiation -LRB- P = 0.625 -RRB- , operating time -LRB- P = 0.066 -RRB- , blood loss -LRB- P = 0.356 -RRB- , ileostomy -LRB- P = 0.934 -RRB- , conversion -LRB- P = 0.362 -RRB- , resection type -LRB- P = 1.000 -RRB- , flatus -LRB- P = 0.437 -RRB- , diet -LRB- P = 0.439 -RRB- , length of hospital stay -LRB- P = 0.978 -RRB- , complications -LRB- P = 0.671 -RRB- , reoperations -LRB- P = 0.804 -RRB- , reinterventions -LRB- P = 0.612 -RRB- , readmissions -LRB- P = 0.349 -RRB- , tumour size -LRB- P = 0.542 ; P = 0.532 ; P = 0.238 -RRB- , distal margin -LRB- P = 0.790 -RRB- , nodes harvested -LRB- P = 0.338 -RRB- and pathology stage -LRB- P = 0.623 -RRB- did not differ among the three groups . The quality of TME showed a trend to be lower following robotic surgery , although this was not statistically significant -LSB- open 95/5/15 -LRB- complete/nearly complete/incompete -RRB- vs laparoscopic 95/5/15 vs robotic 80/5/15 ; P = 0.235 -RSB- , but the degree of clearance at the CRM was significantly greater in robotic patients -LSB- open 8 -LRB- 0-30 -RRB- mm vs laparoscopic 4 -LRB- 0-30 -RRB- mm vs robotic 10.5 -LRB- 1-30 -RRB- mm ; P = 0.02 -RSB- . The study reports no statistically significant difference between open and laparoscopic techniques in the quality of TME during the learning curve of robotic proctectomy for rectal cancer and demonstrates an improved CRM . Total mesorectal excision -LRB- TME -RRB- refers to the surgical removal of the complete perirectal soft tissue envelope , using sharp instruments under direct vision , and has become the contemporary standard of care for patients with rectal cancer . Pathologists play a key role in the evaluation of these specimens , including the quality assurance of surgical performance , as well as evaluation of the circumferential radial margin -LRB- CRM -RRB- . While the latter is the most significant predictor of local recurrence , the quality of the excised mesorectum is another important factor in assessing the risk of local recurrence in patients with a negative CRM . Since proper pathological assessment of the TME specimen provides important prognostic information , as well as critical feedback to surgeons regarding technical performance , it is important to have adequate guidelines for the macroscopic handling of these specimens . The CLASSICC study of the Medical Research Council in the United Kingdom , as well as the Dutch TME trial have introduced a new standard for the pathological assessment of TME specimens , including an approach that involves assessment in both the fresh and fixed states , at least 48 hours of fixation of an intact specimen , with observations made on both the external appearance and cross-sectional slices . This article reviews the pathological assessment of the TME specimen , including basic definitions , current international guidelines , an approach to evaluating the mesorectum and a discussion of special issues relating to margins , lymph node retrieval and effects of neoadjuvant therapy . The long-term role of laparoscopy in the treatment of rectal cancer is still controversial . The aim of the present study was to evaluate the safety , the feasibility , the perioperative outcome , and the long-term results of laparoscopic total mesorectal excision -LRB- TME -RRB- for extraperitoneal rectal cancer considering a single center series . Data about 186 unselected consecutive patients that underwent laparoscopic TME for middle and low rectal cancer between January 2001 and December 2011 were prospectively recorded and were included in the present study . Distribution of TNM stage was 5 % T1 , 37 % T2 , 52.5 % T3 , and 6 % T4 . Fifty-one percent of patients have lymph node metastases . The average duration of surgery was 234 min . Fourteen patients required conversion -LRB- 7.5 % -RRB- . A complete microscopic excision was achieved in 169 patients -LRB- 91 % -RRB- . The mean hospital stay was 9 days . The overall postoperative morbidity rate was 24 % . Surgical-related complications were reported in 19 % . Overall mortality was 0.5 % . Sex , tumor level , and the presence of a stoma were the only statistically significant independent risk factors for anastomotic leakage . Median follow-up was 71 months . The 5-year overall survival rate was 77 % , with 89 % for stage 1 ,
The primary analysis of cardiac death or myocardial infarction between 1 month and 1 year was performed in the prespecified one-month clear population of patients pooled from the Onyx ONE US/Japan study and Onyx ONE randomized controlled trial . One-month clear was defined as DAPT adherence and without major adverse events during the first month following percutaneous coronary intervention . Among patients enrolled in Onyx ONE US/Japan -LRB- n = 752 -RRB- and Onyx ONE randomized controlled trial -LRB- n = 1018 -RRB- , 1506 patients fulfilled one-month clear criteria . Mean HBR characteristics per patient was 1.6 with 44.7 % having multiple risks . By 2 months and 1 year , respectively , 96.9 % and 89.3 % of patients were taking single antiplatelet therapy . Between 1 month and 1 year , the rate of the primary end point was 7.0 % . The 1-sided upper 97.5 % CI was 8.4 % , less than the performance goal of 9.7 % -LRB- <i> P </i> < 0.001 -RRB- . Among HBR patients who were event free before DAPT discontinuation at 1 month , favorable safety and effectiveness through 1 year support treatment with Resolute Onyx drug-eluting stents as part of an individualized strategy for shortened DAPT duration following percutaneous coronary intervention . Registration : URL : https://www.clinicaltrials.gov ; Unique identifier NCT03647475 . Elderly patients regularly receive bare-metal stents -LRB- BMS -RRB- instead of drug-eluting stents -LRB- DES -RRB- to shorten the duration of double antiplatelet therapy -LRB- DAPT -RRB- . The aim of this study was to compare outcomes between these two types of stents with a short duration of DAPT in such patients . In this randomised single-blind trial , we recruited patients from 44 centres in nine countries . Patients were eligible if they were aged 75 years or older ; had stable angina , silent ischaemia , or an acute coronary syndrome ; and had at least one coronary artery with a stenosis of at least 70 % -LRB- ≥ 50 % for the left main stem -RRB- deemed eligible for percutaneous coronary intervention -LRB- PCI -RRB- . Exclusion criteria were indication for myocardial revascularisation by coronary artery bypass grafting ; inability to tolerate , obtain , or comply with DAPT ; requirement for additional surgery ; non-cardiac comorbidities with a life expectancy of less than 1 year ; previous haemorrhagic stroke ; allergy to aspirin or P2Y <sub> 12 </sub> inhibitors ; contraindication to P2Y <sub> 12 </sub> inhibitors ; and silent ischaemia of less than 10 % of the left myocardium with a fractional flow reserve of 0 · 80 or higher . After the intended duration of DAPT was recorded -LRB- 1 month for patients with stable presentation and 6 months for those with unstable presentation -RRB- , patients were randomly allocated -LRB- 1:1 -RRB- by a central computer system -LRB- blocking used with randomly selected block sizes -LSB- two , four , eight , or 16 -RSB- ; stratified by site and antiplatelet agent -RRB- to either a DES or similar BMS in a single-blind fashion -LRB- ie , patients were masked -RRB- , but those assessing outcomes were masked . The primary outcome was to compare major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events -LRB- ie , a composite of all-cause mortality , myocardial infarction , stroke , or ischaemia-driven target lesion revascularisation -RRB- between groups at 1 year in the intention-to-treat population , assessed at 30 days , 180 days , and 1 year . This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT02099617 . Between May 21 , 2014 , and April 16 , 2016 , we randomly assigned 1200 patients -LRB- 596 -LSB- 50 % -RSB- to the DES group and 604 -LSB- 50 % -RSB- to the BMS group -RRB- . The primary endpoint occurred in 68 -LRB- 12 % -RRB- patients in the DES group and 98 -LRB- 16 % -RRB- in the BMS group -LRB- relative risk -LSB- RR -RSB- 0 · 71 -LSB- 95 % CI 0 · 52-0 · 94 -RSB- ; p = 0 · 02 -RRB- . Bleeding complications -LRB- 26 -LSB- 5 % -RSB- in the DES group vs 29 -LSB- 5 % -RSB- in the BMS group ; RR 0 · 90 -LSB- 0 · 51-1 · 54 -RSB- ; p = 0 · 68 -RRB- and stent thrombosis -LRB- three -LSB- 1 % -RSB- vs eight -LSB- 1 % -RSB- ; RR 0 · 38 -LSB- 0 · 00-1 · 48 -RSB- ; p = 0 · 13 -RRB- at 1 year were infrequent in both groups . Among elderly patients who have PCI , a DES and a short duration of DAPT are better than BMS and a similar duration of DAPT with respect to the occurrence of all-cause mortality , myocardial infarction , stroke , and ischaemia-driven target lesion revascularisation . A strategy of combination of a DES to reduce the risk of subsequent repeat revascularisations with a short BMS-like DAPT regimen to reduce the risk of bleeding event is an attractive option for elderly patients who have PCI . Boston Scientific .
Here , we discuss these new findings in the context of how individual thymic stromal cell types support T cell selection in a cooperative rather than a redundant manner . Aire induces the expression of a battery of peripheral-tissue self-antigens -LRB- PTAs -RRB- in thymic stromal cells , promoting the clonal deletion of differentiating T cells that recognize them . Just how Aire targets and induces PTA transcripts remains largely undefined . Screening via Aire-targeted coimmunoprecipitation followed by mass spectrometry , and validating by multiple RNAi-mediated knockdown approaches , we identified a large set of proteins that associate with Aire . They fall into four major functional classes : nuclear transport , chromatin binding/structure , transcription and pre-mRNA processing . One set of Aire interactions centered on DNA protein kinase and a group of proteins it partners with to resolve DNA double-stranded breaks or promote transcriptional elongation . Another set of interactions was focused on the pre-mRNA splicing and maturation machinery , potentially explaining the markedly more effective processing of PTA transcripts in the presence of Aire . These findings suggest a model to explain Aire 's widespread targeting and induction of weakly transcribed chromatin regions . Weak T-cell antigen receptor -LRB- TCR -RRB- - ligand interactions are sufficient to activate naïve CD8 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells , but generally do not result in tumor eradication . How differences in TCR affinity affect the regulation of T-cell function in an immunosuppressive tumor environment has not been investigated . We have examined the functional differences of high - vs. low-affinity CD8 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells and we observed that infiltration , accumulation , survival and cytotoxicity within the tumor are severely impacted by the strength of TCR-ligand interactions . Interferon γ and autocrine interleukin-2 were both found to influence the level of expression of these molecules . Interestingly , although high-affinity CD8 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells were superior to low-affinity CD8 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells in their ability to effect tumor eradication , they could be further improved by the presence of tumor specific CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells .
Our purpose was to evaluate the feasibility of intrapartum fetal pulse oximetry , the distribution of fetal oxygen saturation values , and the relationship with the neonatal outcome in a population with an abnormal fetal heart rate . A prospective multicenter observational study was performed from June 1994 to November 1995 . Fetal oxygen saturation was continuously recorded with use of a Nellcor N-400 fetal pulse oximeter in case of an abnormal fetal heart rate during labor . Simultaneous readings of fetal oxygen saturation and fetal blood analysis were obtained at inclusion and before birth . Feasibility , adverse effects , distribution of fetal oxygen saturation values , and relationship with neonatal outcome were assessed . One hundred seventy-four patients were included . From 172 attempted sensor placements , the procedure was impossible in three cases and fetal oxygen saturation values were obtained in 164 cases -LRB- 95.3 % -RRB- . Physicians considered sensor placement an easier task than an attempt at fetal blood analysis -LRB- easy in 87.5 % vs 78.9 % for fetal blood analysis , p = 0.03 -RRB- . The mean reliable signal time -LRB- + / - SD -RRB- was 64.7 % + / - 32 % during the first stage . There were no serious adverse effects in the study population . The mean fetal oxygen saturation during the first stage of labor was 42.2 % + / - 8.0 % -LRB- 10th to 90th percentile range 30 % to 53 % -RRB- . Fetal oxygen saturation was significantly correlated with scalp pH -LRB- r = 0.29 , p = 0.01 -RRB- but not with neonatal umbilical artery pH or gas values . There was a significant association between low fetal oxygen saturation -LRB- < 30 % -RRB- and poor neonatal condition . The feasibility of fetal pulse oximetry is satisfactory in clinical practice . It is easy to use and provides a fair rate of recorded values , even in a population with suspicion of fetal distress . A low fetal oxygen saturation is significantly associated with an abnormal neonatal outcome . Recent developments permit the use of pulse oximetry to evaluate fetal oxygenation in labor . We tested the hypothesis that the addition of fetal pulse oximetry in the evaluation of abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in labor improves the accuracy of fetal assessment and allows safe reduction of cesarean deliveries performed because of nonreassuring fetal status . A randomized , controlled trial was conducted concurrently in 9 centers . The patients had term pregnancies and were in active labor when abnormal fetal heart rate patterns developed . The patients were randomized to electronic fetal heart rate monitoring alone -LRB- control group -RRB- or to the combination of electronic fetal monitoring and continuous fetal pulse oximetry -LRB- study group -RRB- . The primary outcome was a reduction in cesarean deliveries for nonreassuring fetal status as a measure of improved accuracy of assessment of fetal oxygenation . A total of 1010 patients were randomized , 502 to the control group and 508 to the study group . There was a reduction of > 50 % in the number of cesarean deliveries performed because of nonreassuring fetal status in the study group -LRB- study , 4 . 5 % ; vs. control , 10.2 % ; P = .007 -RRB- . However , there was no net difference in overall cesarean delivery rates -LRB- study , n = 147 -LSB- 29 % -RSB- ; vs. control , 130 -LSB- 26 % -RSB- ; P = .49 -RRB- because of an increase in cesarean deliveries performed because of dystocia in the study group . In a blinded partogram analysis 89 % of the study patients and 91 % of the control patients who had a cesarean delivery because of dystocia met defined criteria for actual dystocia . There was no difference between the 2 groups in adverse maternal or neonatal outcomes . In terms of the operative intervention for nonreassuring fetal status , there was an improvement in both the sensitivity and the specificity for the study group compared with the control group for the end points of metabolic acidosis and need for resuscitation . The study confirmed its primary hypothesis of a safe reduction in cesarean deliveries performed because of nonreassuring fetal status . However , the addition of fetal pulse oximetry did not result in an overall reduction in cesarean deliveries . The increase in cesarean deliveries because of dystocia in the study group did appear to result from a well-documented arrest of labor . Fetal pulse oximetry improved the obstetrician 's ability to more appropriately intervene by cesarean or operative vaginal delivery for fetuses who were actually depressed and acidotic . The unexpected increase in operative delivery for dystocia in the study group is of concern and remains to be explained . Knowledge of fetal oxygen saturation , as an adjunct to electronic fetal monitoring , may be associated with a significant change in the rate of cesarean deliveries or the infant 's condition at birth . We randomly assigned 5341 nulliparous women who were at term and in early labor to either `` open '' or `` masked '' fetal pulse oximetry . In the open group , fetal oxygen saturation values were displayed to the clinician . In the masked group , the fetal oxygen sensor was inserted and the values were recorded by computer , but the data were hidden . There was no significant difference in the overall rates of cesarean delivery between the open and masked groups -LRB- 26.3 % and 27.5 % , respectively ; P = 0.31 -RRB- . The rates of cesarean delivery associated with the separate indications of a nonreassuring fetal heart rate -LRB- 7.1 % and 7.9 % , respectively ; P = 0.30 -RRB- and dystocia -LRB- 18.6 % and 19.2 % , respectively ; P = 0.59 -RRB- were similar between the two groups . Similar findings were observed in
Ketamine , an N-methyl-d-aspartate antagonist , blunts central pain sensitization at sub-anesthetic doses -LRB- 0.3 mg/kg or less -RRB- and has been studied extensively as an adjunct for perioperative analgesia . At sub-anesthetic doses , ketamine has a minimal physiologic impact though it is associated with a low incidence of mild psychomimetic symptoms as well as nystagmus and double vision . Contraindications to its use do exist and due to ketamine 's metabolism , caution should be exercised in patients with renal or hepatic dysfunction . Sub-anesthetic ketamine improves pain scores and reduces perioperative opioid consumption in a broad range of surgical procedures . In addition , there is evidence that ketamine may be useful in patients with opioid tolerance and for preventing chronic postsurgical pain . Perioperative intravenous ketamine may be a useful addition in pain management regimens . This study addresses this issue by narrowing the inclusion criteria , using a random effects model , and performing subgroup analysis to determine the specific types of patients , surgery , and clinical indications which may benefit from perioperative ketamine administration . We included published studies from 1966 to 2010 which were randomized , double-blinded , and placebo-controlled using intravenous ketamine -LRB- bolus or infusion -RRB- to decrease postoperative pain . Studies using any form of regional anesthesia were excluded . No limitation was placed on the ketamine dose , patient age , or language of publication . Ninety-one comparisons in seventy studies involving 4,701 patients met the inclusion criteria -LRB- 2,652 in ketamine groups and 2,049 in placebo groups -RRB- . Forty-seven of these studies were appropriate for evaluation in the core meta-analysis , and the remaining 23 studies were used to corroborate the results . The greatest efficacy was found for thoracic , upper abdominal , and major orthopedic surgical subgroups . Despite using less opioid , 25 out of 32 treatment groups -LRB- 78 % -RRB- experienced less pain than the placebo groups at some point postoperatively when ketamine was efficacious . This finding implies an improved quality of pain control in addition to decreased opioid consumption . Hallucinations and nightmares were more common with ketamine but sedation was not . When ketamine was efficacious for pain , postoperative nausea and vomiting was less frequent in the ketamine group . The dose-dependent role of ketamine analgesia could not be determined . Intravenous ketamine is an effective adjunct for postoperative analgesia . Particular benefit was observed in painful procedures , including upper abdominal , thoracic , and major orthopedic surgeries . The analgesic effect of ketamine was independent of the type of intraoperative opioid administered , timing of ketamine administration , and ketamine dose . Ketamine was introduced into clinical practice in the 1960s and continues to be both clinically useful and scientifically fascinating . With considerably diverse molecular targets and neurophysiological properties , ketamine 's effects on the central nervous system remain incompletely understood . Investigators have leveraged the unique characteristics of ketamine to explore the invariant , fundamental mechanisms of anesthetic action . Emerging evidence indicates that ketamine-mediated anesthesia may occur via disruption of corticocortical information transfer in a frontal-to-parietal -LRB- `` top down '' -RRB- distribution . This proposed mechanism of general anesthesia has since been demonstrated with anesthetics in other pharmacological classes as well . Ketamine remains invaluable to the fields of anesthesiology and critical care medicine , in large part due to its ability to maintain cardiorespiratory stability while providing effective sedation and analgesia . Furthermore , there may be an emerging role for ketamine in treatment of refractory depression and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder . In this article , we review the history of ketamine , its pharmacology , putative mechanisms of action and current clinical applications .
Clinical trials have indicated a benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy for patients with stage IB , II , or IIIA -- but not stage IA -- non-small-cell lung cancer -LRB- NSCLC -RRB- . This classification scheme is probably an imprecise predictor of the prognosis of an individual patient . Indeed , approximately 25 percent of patients with stage IA disease have a recurrence after surgery , suggesting the need to identify patients in this subgroup for more effective therapy . We identified gene-expression profiles that predicted the risk of recurrence in a cohort of 89 patients with early-stage NSCLC -LRB- the lung metagene model -RRB- . We evaluated the predictor in two independent groups of 25 patients from the American College of Surgeons Oncology Group -LRB- ACOSOG -RRB- Z0030 study and 84 patients from the Cancer and Leukemia Group B -LRB- CALGB -RRB- 9761 study . The lung metagene model predicted recurrence for individual patients significantly better than did clinical prognostic factors and was consistent across all early stages of NSCLC . Applied to the cohorts from the ACOSOG Z0030 trial and the CALGB 9761 trial , the lung metagene model had an overall predictive accuracy of 72 percent and 79 percent , respectively . The predictor also identified a subgroup of patients with stage IA disease who were at high risk for recurrence and who might be best treated by adjuvant chemotherapy . The lung metagene model provides a potential mechanism to refine the estimation of a patient 's risk of disease recurrence and , in principle , to alter decisions regarding the use of adjuvant chemotherapy in early-stage NSCLC . We further show that many of these signatures can accurately predict clinical response in individuals treated with these drugs . Notably , signatures developed to predict response to individual agents , when combined , could also predict response to multidrug regimens . Finally , we integrated the chemotherapy response signatures with signatures of oncogenic pathway deregulation to identify new therapeutic strategies that make use of all available drugs . The development of gene expression profiles that can predict response to commonly used cytotoxic agents provides opportunities to better use these drugs , including using them in combination with existing targeted therapies .
Secundum atrial septal defects -LRB- ASDs -RRB- are treated by surgical closure -LRB- SC -RRB- or transcatheter device closure -LRB- TCC -RRB- . Due to a scarcity of data directly comparing these approaches , it remains unclear which is superior . This meta-analysis compares the clinical outcomes of the two treatment options . A literature search was performed in MEDLINE , Embase , PubMed , Google Search , and Cochrane databases for studies directly comparing SC and TCC of ASDs . Outcomes studied were major and minor acute complications , all-cause mortality , residual shunt , reinterventions , and length of stay -LRB- LOS -RRB- . Relative risk -LRB- RR -RRB- , difference in mean -LRB- DM -RRB- and 95 % confidence intervals -LRB- CI -RRB- were calculated using the Mantel-Haenszel method with a fixed effect model . In cases of heterogeneity -LRB- defined as I <sup> 2 </sup> > 25 % -RRB- , random effect models were used . Sensitivity and meta-regression analyses were performed for each outcome . Of the 1742 manuscripts screened , 26 observational studies fulfilled the inclusion criteria -LRB- total n = 14,559 patients -RRB- . TCC was superior to SC for the following outcomes : all-cause mortality -LRB- RR , 0.66 ; 95 % CI 0.64-0.99 -RRB- , total complications -LRB- RR , 0.48 ; 95 % CI 0.35-0.65 -RRB- , major complications -LRB- RR , 0.57 ; 95 % CI 0.40-0.81 -RRB- , minor complications -LRB- RR , 0.35 ; 95 % CI 0.23-0.53 -RRB- , and LOS -LRB- DM , -2.92 ; 95 % CI -3.25 to -LRB- -2.58 -RRB- -RRB- . Residual shunts were more common with TCC -LRB- RR , 3.35 ; 95 % CI 1.72-6.51 -RRB- . No difference was observed regarding the need of reintervention -LRB- RR , 1.45 ; 95 % CI 0.60-3.51 -RRB- . Meta-regression analysis showed that older age increases the risk of death and complications in patients undergoing TCC . Though both approaches are effective , TCC is associated with lower mortality , complications , and LOS while SC has a lower rate of residual shunting . The goal of this study was to report the early and late complications experienced in atrial septal defect -LRB- ASD -RRB- transcatheter closure . Atrial septal defect transcatheter occlusion techniques have become an alternative to surgical procedures . A number of different devices are available for transcatheter ASD closure . The type and rate of complications are different for different devices . Between December 1996 and January 2001 , 417 patients -LRB- mean age : 26.6 + / - 19 years -RRB- underwent transcatheter occlusion of secundum type ASD . Complications were categorized into major and minor . Two different devices were used : the CardioSEAL/STARFlex in 159 patients and the Amplatzer septal occluder in 258 patients . Thirty-four patients experienced 36 complications during the hospitalization -LRB- 8.6 % , 95 % confidence interval : 6.1 % to 11.1 % -RRB- . Ten patients underwent elective surgical repair because of device malposition -LRB- three patients -RRB- or device embolization -LRB- seven patients -RRB- . Twenty-four patients experienced 25 minor complications : unsatisfactory device position or embolization . Devices were retrieved using a gooseneck snare and/or a basket ; 11 patients experienced arrhythmic problems . Other complications were : pericardial effusion , thrombus formation on the left atrial disc , right iliac vein dissection , groin hematoma , hemorrhage in the retropharynx and sizing balloon rupture . Two patients had late complications : peripheral embolization in the left leg one year after implantation of an Amplatzer device and sudden death 1.5 year later . Our series of patients with ASD by transcatheter occlusion shows that the procedure is safe and effective in the vast majority of cases . To further reduce the complications rate , the criteria of device selection according to ASD morphology and some technical tips during implantation are discussed . Stretched diameter of the atrial septal defect -LRB- ASD -RRB- , measured by balloon sizing , is generally used as a guide to the selection of the size of the device utilized for transcatheter closure of the ASD . Although the echographic size of the ASD -LRB- 9.9 + / - 4.1 mm , mean + / - SD -RRB- is similar -LRB- p greater than 0.1 -RRB- to the angiographic size -LRB- 7.9 + / - 2.5 mm -RRB- , it is much smaller -LRB- p less than 0.01 -RRB- than the stretched diameter -LRB- 16.1 + / - 5.3 mm -RRB- . When the relationship between various measures of ASD was examined , although the Qp : Qs ratio and angiographic size have a significant -LRB- p less than 0.05 -RRB- correlation with the stretched diameter -LRB- r = 0.55 and 0.54 , respectively -RRB- , the echo diameter has the best correlation coefficient , r = 0.82 , p less than 0.001 . The stretched diameter can be estimated by the equation : 1.05 x echo + 5.49 mm . It is concluded that the echographic diameter is a useful adjunct in the estimation of the stretch ASD diameter , which in turn can be used in the selection of the size of the device for transcatheter occlusion of the ASD . To investigate the very long-term clinical outcomes of atrial septal defect -LRB- ASD -RRB- percutaneous closure in adult patients and to evaluate the 12-month effects of the device on aortic and mitral valve function . Over a 12-year period , a total of 110 consecutive patients underwent percutaneous ASD closure . A yearly clinical follow-up was conducted and any adverse event was recorded . In a 55-patient echocardiographic subgroup , the baseline and 12-month aortic and mitral regurgitation rate was recorded . Mean age was 50.9 ± 17 years and 75 % of patients were female . Mean ASD echocardiographic dimension was 17.6 ± 6.2 mm -LRB- range , 5-36 mm -RRB- . Procedural success rate was 97 % .
We describe a case series of 132 cases of TAVI and 76 BAV done using ventricular pacing via the left ventricular lead by simply connecting one electrode to the patient 's skin and one electrode through the left ventricular -LRB- LV -RRB- wire . All of the 132 TAVI cases -LRB- a mixture of Edwards Sapien , Medtronic CoreValve and Boston Scientific Lotus -RRB- and 76 BAV were successfully performed using pacing through the LV wire . No BAV patients required temporary pacing wire -LRB- TPW -RRB- or permanent pacemaker -LRB- PPM -RRB- insertion . Of the TAVI patients , 6 -LRB- 4.5 % -RRB- required TPW during the procedure due to complete heart block to facilitate removal of the LV wire . 1 patient -LRB- 0.8 % -RRB- required a PPM urgently due to complete heart block and haemodynamic instability . Twenty eight Patients -LRB- 21.2 % -RRB- required PPM following TAVI , 9 of which were within the first 24 hr . Average time to pacemaker implantation was 3.7 days . It eliminates the need for a temporary pacing wire with its attendant risks in the vast majority of cases . Furthermore , most pacemakers following TAVI are required late , after the first 24 hr period , by which time the TPW has already usually been removed . © 2016 Wiley Periodicals , Inc. .
To examine the relationships between post-TBI fatigue -LRB- PTBIF -RRB- and comorbid conditions , participation in activities , quality of life , and demographic and injury variables . 223 community-dwelling individuals with mild to severe TBI and 85 noninjured controls . Global Fatigue Index -LRB- GFI -RRB- , Beck Depression Inventory -LRB- BDI-II -RRB- , McGill Pain Questionnaire -LRB- MPQ -RRB- , Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Inventory -LRB- PSQI -RRB- , Participation Objective Participation Subjective -LRB- POPS -RRB- , SF-36 , Life-3 . Data were collected through interviews and administration of self-report measures as part of a study of PTBIF . Fatigue was more severe and prevalent in individuals with TBI , and more severe among women . It was not correlated with other demographic and injury variables . Once overlap in measurement instruments ' content was removed , depression , pain , and sleep problems accounted for approximately 23 % of the variance in fatigue in those with TBI compared to 58 % of the variance in the control group . PTBIF was correlated with health-related quality of life and overall quality of life , but was not generally related to participation in major life activities . PTBIF has significant impact on well-being and quality of life and can not be accounted for by comorbid conditions alone , suggesting that it is related to brain injury itself . It appears to be unrelated to demographic and injury variables other than gender . PTBIF does not limit the quantity and frequency of participation . Future research should focus on the relationship between fatigue and the quality of participation . To update the 1995 estimate of $ 76.6 billion for the annual cost of drug-related morbidity and mortality resulting from drug-related problems -LRB- DRPs -RRB- in the ambulatory setting in the United States to reflect current treatment patterns and costs . For this study , we employed the decision-analytic model developed by Johnson and Bootman . We used the model 's original design and probability data , but used updated cost estimates derived from the current medical and pharmaceutical literature . Sensitivity analyses were performed on cost data and on probability estimates . Ambulatory care environment in the United States in the year 2000 . A hypothetical cohort of ambulatory patients . Average cost of health care resources needed to manage DRPs . As estimated using the decision-tree model , the mean cost for a treatment failure was $ 977 . For a new medical problem , the mean cost was $ 1,105 , and the cost of a combined treatment failure and resulting new medical problem was $ 1,488 . Overall , the cost of drug-related morbidity and mortality exceeded $ 177.4 billion in 2000 . Hospital admissions accounted for nearly 70 % -LRB- $ 121.5 billion -RRB- of total costs , followed by long-term-care admissions , which accounted for 18 % -LRB- $ 32.8 billion -RRB- . Since 1995 , the costs associated with DRPs have more than doubled . Given the economic and medical burdens associated with DRPs , strategies for preventing drug-related morbidity and mortality are urgently needed . The current combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan have involved U.S. military personnel in major ground combat and hazardous security duty . Studies are needed to systematically assess the mental health of members of the armed services who have participated in these operations and to inform policy with regard to the optimal delivery of mental health care to returning veterans . We studied members of four U.S. combat infantry units -LRB- three Army units and one Marine Corps unit -RRB- using an anonymous survey that was administered to the subjects either before their deployment to Iraq -LRB- n = 2530 -RRB- or three to four months after their return from combat duty in Iraq or Afghanistan -LRB- n = 3671 -RRB- . The outcomes included major depression , generalized anxiety , and post-traumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- , which were evaluated on the basis of standardized , self-administered screening instruments . Exposure to combat was significantly greater among those who were deployed to Iraq than among those deployed to Afghanistan . The percentage of study subjects whose responses met the screening criteria for major depression , generalized anxiety , or PTSD was significantly higher after duty in Iraq -LRB- 15.6 to 17.1 percent -RRB- than after duty in Afghanistan -LRB- 11.2 percent -RRB- or before deployment to Iraq -LRB- 9.3 percent -RRB- ; the largest difference was in the rate of PTSD . Of those whose responses were positive for a mental disorder , only 23 to 40 percent sought mental health care . Those whose responses were positive for a mental disorder were twice as likely as those whose responses were negative to report concern about possible stigmatization and other barriers to seeking mental health care . This study provides an initial look at the mental health of members of the Army and the Marine Corps who were involved in combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan . Our findings indicate that among the study groups there was a significant risk of mental health problems and that the subjects reported important barriers to receiving mental health services , particularly the perception of stigma among those most in need of such care . Poor medication adherence diminishes the health benefits of pharmacotherapies . Elderly patients with coronary risk factors frequently require treatment with multiple medications , placing them at increased risk for nonadherence . To test the efficacy of a comprehensive pharmacy care program to improve medication adherence and its associated effects on blood pressure -LRB- BP -RRB- and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol -LRB- LDL-C -RRB- . A multiphase , prospective study with an observational phase and a randomized controlled trial conducted at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center of 200 community-based patients aged 65 years or older taking at least 4 chronic medications . The study was conducted from June 2004 to August 2006 . After a 2-month run-in
Using the spontaneous pain of 22 patients with chronic tension-type headache and experimentally induced pain in 22 healthy volunteers , participants were tested in 3 randomized sessions where they received 3 types of hypnotic suggestions : Negative -LRB- based on the 13 items in the Pain Catastrophizing Scale -RRB- , Positive -LRB- coping-oriented reversion of the Pain Catastrophizing Scale -RRB- , and Neutral -LRB- neutral sentence -RRB- hypnotic suggestions . The hypnotic suggestions significantly increased and decreased situation-specific PC in both patients and healthy volunteers -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Also , the levels of pain intensity and pain unpleasantness were significantly altered in both patients and healthy volunteers -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Furthermore , regression analyses showed that changes in pain catastrophizing predicted changes in pain in patients -LRB- R = 0.204-0.304 ; P < 0.045 -RRB- and in healthy volunteers -LRB- R = 0.328-0.252 ; P < 0.018 -RRB- . This is the first study to successfully manipulate PC in positive and negative directions in both patients with chronic pain and healthy volunteers and to show that these manipulations significantly influence pain levels . These findings may have important theoretical and clinical implications .
Often these seizures cease spontaneously , however depending on different national guidelines , 20-40 % of the patients would need therapeutic intervention . For seizures longer than 3-5 minutes application of rectal diazepam , buccal midazolam or sublingual lorazepam is recommended . Benzodiazepines may be ineffective in some patients or cause prolonged sedation and fatigue . Preclinical investigations in a rat model provided evidence that febrile seizures may be triggered by respiratory alkalosis , which was subsequently confirmed by a retrospective clinical observation . Further , individual therapeutic interventions demonstrated that a pCO2-elevation via re-breathing or inhalation of 5 % CO2 instantly stopped the febrile seizures . Here , we present the protocol for an interventional clinical trial to test the hypothesis that the application of 5 % CO2 is effective and safe to suppress febrile seizures in children . The CARDIF -LRB- CARbon DIoxide against Febrile seizures -RRB- trial is a monocentric , prospective , double-blind , placebo-controlled , randomized study . A total of 288 patients with a life history of at least one febrile seizure will be randomized to receive either carbogen -LRB- 5 % CO2 plus 95 % O2 -RRB- or placebo -LRB- 100 % O2 -RRB- . As secondary outcome parameters we assess safety , practicability to use the can , quality of life , contentedness , anxiousness and mobility of the parents . The CARDIF trial has the potential to develop a new therapy for the suppression of febrile seizures by redressing the normal physiological state . This would offer an alternative to the currently suggested treatment with benzodiazepines . This study is an example of academic translational research from the study of animal physiology to a new therapy . ClinicalTrials.gov identifier : NCT01370044 .
The incidence of diabetes is high in cystic fibrosis -LRB- CF -RRB- and is an important cause of morbidity and mortality . Understanding the pathophysiology is imperative . Studies have documented increased endogenous -LRB- mostly hepatic -RRB- glucose production -LRB- HGP -RRB- but have not distinguished the relative contribution of gluconeogenesis -LRB- GNG -RRB- . The purpose of this study was to quantitate GNG , to determine its contribution to high HGP , and to measure insulin 's suppression of GNG . We recruited 31 adult CF subjects -LRB- age , 26.2 + / -7.9 years ; 12 female subjects -RRB- and quantified GNG by measuring the incorporation of H into the second and fifth carbons of glucose . Hepatic glucose production was measured using -LSB- 6,6-H2 -RSB- glucose . Data were compared with that from 11 healthy volunteers -LRB- age , 27.5 + / -7.0 years -RRB- who underwent both GNG and clamp studies . Thirteen CF subjects and all controls had a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp during measures of GNG . Other measures included glucose tolerance and glucagon and cortisol levels . Suppression of GNG by insulin was significantly lower in CF than in controls and was lower in CF subjects with abnormal glucose tolerance than in those with normal glucose tolerance . Gluconeogenesis correlated with protein breakdown .
Pulmonary complications following cardiac surgery through sternotomy have been widely studied . The duration of these complications , however , has been less studied and the proposed alterations in chest wall mechanism even less . The purpose of this study was to investigate changes in chest wall motion and pulmonary function of cardiac surgery patients , where both the median and the internal mammary artery retractor was used -LRB- IMA group -RRB- and cardiac surgery patients , where only the median retractor was used -LRB- Median group -RRB- . Subjects were 20 cardiac surgery patients with mean age 65 years -LRB- 12 in the IMA group and 8 in the Median group -RRB- . Bilateral respiratory movements -LRB- RMs -RRB- using the Respiratory Movement Measuring Instrument , lung volumes including vital capacity -LRB- VC -RRB- , forced vital capacity -LRB- FVC -RRB- and forced expiratory volume -LRB- FEV1 -RRB- using the Vitalograph Alpha were measured and pulmonary radiographs analyzed before , 3 and 12 months after the operation . Descriptive statistics , t-tests , Mann-Whitney and Wilcoxon Signed Rank tests were used for analyses , p < or = 0.05 . RMs were symmetrical in both groups prior to the operation and the differences in RMs and lung volumes between the groups were not significant . Three and 12 months postoperatively bilateral abdominal respiratory movements -LRB- ARM -RRB- were significantly less in the IMA group than in the Median group . Average left ARM were significantly less than the average right ARM in the IMA group 3 months postoperatively , while symmetrical in the Median group . Average FVC and FEV1 were significantly less in the IMA group than in the Median group 3 months postoperatively and FVC was still significantly less in the IMA group 12 months after the operation . The significantly more reduced ARM and lung volumes 3 months postoperatively in the IMA group than in the Median group suggests that the IMA retractor causes greater injury to the rib cage and the diaphragm . Pulmonary complications following cardiac surgery through sternotomy are well known , but little is known about the proposed alterations of the chest wall mechanism . The purpose of this study was to examine changes in chest wall motion and pulmonary function after cardiac surgery . Vital capacity -LRB- VC -RRB- , forced vital capacity -LRB- FVC -RRB- and forced expiratory volume -LRB- FEV1 -RRB- were measured with the Pulminet III -LRB- Gold Godart Ltd Vitalograph Alpha Ltd. . Maids Morton , Buckingham , England -RRB- preoperatively , 3 and 12 months postoperatively , and radiographs were taken at the same points in time . Descriptive statistics , paired sample t-tests , Mann-Whitney and Wilcoxon Signed Rank tests were used for analyses , p < or = 0.05 . Average abdominal movements 3 months postoperatively were significantly decreased and the difference between right and left side in upper thoracic and abdominal movements was significant . All pulmonary function measurements except the FEV1/FVC showed a significant decrease and a restrictive pattern compared with preoperative values . Twelve months after the operation the upper thoracic movements were significantly increased . Five patients had an abnormal chest x-ray before the operation , eight 3 months and three 12 months after the operation . The motor system of the respiratory organs suffers considerable injury from cardiac surgery , which in part at least can explain the restrictive breathing 3 months postoperatively . Measurements in absolute terms of the whole respiratory movement pattern -LRB- range , type , symmetry , rhythm and frequency of breathing movements -RRB- of healthy individuals are valuable for reference , when assessing patients with conditions affecting respiration . To establish reference data for breathing movements and patterns for healthy men and women . Fifty men -LRB- mean age 47.8 years -RRB- and 50 women -LRB- mean age 43.4 years -RRB- aged between 20 and 69 years participated in the study . Anterior-posterior breathing movements of the upper and lower thorax and abdomen were measured bilaterally during quiet breathing and deep breathing using the respiratory movement measuring instrument . Descriptive statistics , paired-sample statistics and Kendall 's correlation test were used for analysis . Breathing movements were symmetrical and did not change significantly with increasing age . The average breathing type for men and women was abdominal during quiet breathing . During deep breathing the abdominal movements were significantly less amongst the women than the men -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . The average respiratory rate was 14 during quiet and 7.4 during deep breathing for both sexes . The rhythm -LRB- inspiration/expiration ratio -RRB- was 1:1.21 for men and 1:1.14 for women during quiet breathing and 1:1.23 for men and 1:1.40 for women during deep breathing . As men and women have similar breathing movements during quiet breathing their reference values can be combined . On the other hand , separate reference values are needed for men and women for deep breathing . To study the changes in bilateral respiratory motion and pulmonary function following sternotomy and the relationships between the changes in respiratory movements , spirometry , radiographic analyses , and several intra-operative surgical characteristics . Respiratory motion during deep breathing and lung volumes were measured in 20 patients -LRB- mean age 65 years , SD 16 -RRB- before and after median sternotomy . Chest x-rays were analyzed pre - and postoperatively and a variety of perioperative variables were measured . Average abdominal motion decreased to 57 % of preoperative values bilaterally 1 week postoperatively , the average lower thoracic motion decreased to 72 % , and the average upper thoracic motion decreased to 87 % , whereas the right upper thoracic motion increased 3 % compared with preoperative values . Lung volumes decreased to around 60 % of preoperative values -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . Significant correlations were found between the decrease in pulmonary function and the mean respiratory movements . Abnormal chest radiographs were found in all patients .
The present study seeks to investigate one possible explanatory factor , the importance of the popular image of the physical activity and of the self-image of its participants , by examining pain experience in professional ballet dancers . Like sports professionals , dancers were found to have higher pain and pain tolerance thresholds than age matched controls in the Cold Pressor Test . Explanations of this apparent paradox are discussed both in terms of the neuroticism scores of the two groups and in terms of the dancers ' greater experience of pain and its relationship with physical activity .
We have developed a proportional-integral-derivative controller allowing the closed-loop coadministration of propofol and remifentanil , guided by a Bispectral Index -LRB- BIS -RRB- monitor , during induction and maintenance of general anesthesia . The controller was compared with manual target-controlled infusion . In a multicenter study , 196 surgical patients were randomly assigned to dual closed-loop or manual administration of propofol and remifentanil . Comparison between groups was evaluated by calculating a global score that characterized the overall performance of the controller including the percentage of adequate anesthesia , defined as BIS between 40 and 60 , the median absolute performance error , and wobble . Secondary outcomes included occurrence of burst suppression ratio , time to tracheal extubation , and drug consumption . The global score and the percentage of time with BIS between 40 and 60 were better in the dual-loop group -LRB- 26 ± 11 vs 43 ± 40 , P < 0.0001 ; 82 % ± 12 % vs 71 % ± 19 % , P < 0.0001 -RRB- . Modifications to the propofol and remifentanil infusions were more frequent , and adjustments smaller in the dual-loop group . Remifentanil consumption was greater -LRB- 0.22 ± 0.07 vs 0.16 ± 0.07 μg · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- · min -LRB- -1 -RRB- ; P < 0.0001 -RRB- and the speed to tracheal extubation was shorter -LRB- 10 ± 4 vs 11 ± 5 minutes ; P = 0.02 -RRB- in the dual-loop group . The controller allows the automated delivery of propofol and remifentanil and maintains BIS values in predetermined boundaries during general anesthesia better than manual administration .
The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of leucine supplementation on indices of muscle damage following eccentric-based resistance exercise . In vitro , the amino acid leucine has been shown to reduce proteolysis and stimulate protein synthesis . Twenty-seven untrained males -LRB- height 178.6 ± 5.5 cm ; body mass 77.7 ± 13.5 kg ; age 21.3 ± 1.6 years -RRB- were randomly divided into three groups ; leucine -LRB- L -RRB- -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- , placebo -LRB- P -RRB- -LRB- n = 9 -RRB- and control -LRB- C -RRB- -LRB- n = 8 -RRB- . The two experimental groups -LRB- L and P -RRB- performed 100 depth jumps from 60 cm and six sets of ten repetitions of eccentric-only leg presses . Either leucine -LRB- 250 mg/kg bm -RRB- or placebo was ingested 30 min before , during and immediately post-exercise and the morning of each recovery day following exercise . Muscle function was determined by peak force during an isometric squat and by jump height during a static jump at pre-exercise -LRB- PRE -RRB- and 24 , 48 , 72 , and 96 h post-exercise -LRB- 24 , 48 , 72 , 96 h -RRB- . Additionally , at these time points each group 's serum levels of creatine kinase -LRB- CK -RRB- and myoglobin -LRB- Mb -RRB- along with perceived feelings of muscle soreness were determined . None of the C group dependent variables was altered by the recurring testing procedures . Jump height significantly decreased from PRE for both the L and P group at 24 h and 48 h. CK and Mb was significantly elevated from PRE for both experimental groups at 24 h. Muscle soreness increased across all time points for the both the L and P group , and the L group experienced a significantly higher increase in mean muscle soreness post-exercise . Following exercise-induced muscle damage , high-dose leucine supplementation may help maintain force output during isometric contractions , however , not force output required for complex physical tasks thereby possibly limiting its ergogenic effectiveness .
The natural course of central retinal artery occlusion -LRB- CRAO -RRB- often leads to legal blindness in the affected eye . To date , none of the conservative therapies had proven effective in retrospective studies . In 1991 , a new minimally invasive therapy was started in patients with an acute CRAO . This therapy , namely , local intra-arterial fibrinolysis , is comparable to the minimally invasive therapy in patients with an acute ischemic stroke . In pilot studies , it showed promising results in comparison with conservative treatments . The efficacy of this method is now being investigated in a randomized multicenter study . The European Assessment Group for Lysis in the Eye -LRB- EAGLE -RRB- started a prospective and randomized multicenter study in 2002 to evaluate therapeutic efficacy . Inclusion criteria are age between 18 and 75 years and a CRAO not older than 20 h with a visual acuity less than 0.32 . The most important exclusion criteria are branch retinal artery occlusion -LRB- BRAO -RRB- , cilioretinal arteries supplying the macula , and serious general disease . After randomization the patient is treated by conservative or local intra-arterial lysis therapy . During the following 5 days , all patients are treated with heparin . Primary study end point is visual acuity 1 month after therapy in comparison with visual acuity before therapy . The calculated sample size is 100 patients per subtrial -LRB- a total of 200 patients -RRB- . The study was started in June 2002 . To April 2005 , 47 patients were included . The EAGLE Study is the first randomized prospective clinical trial to compare conservative medical treatment and local intra-arterial fibrinolysis in patients with CRAO . The results of this study should enable ophthalmologists and neuroradiologists to improve the therapy of patients with acute CRAO . To April 2005 , treatment is only justified in randomized multicenter studies because of the limited therapeutical visual outcome . We welcome new study centers to join .
To determine the frequency of factors associated with habitual abortion in 197 couples . Prospective cohort study . The British Columbia Recurrent Pregnancy Loss Program , located in a tertiary care academic center . Diagnostic screening protocol . Genetic , endocrine , infectious , anatomical , and autoimmune factors associated with habitual abortion . A structural genetic factor was identified in 3.5 % of the couples . An endocrine factor , including luteal phase deficiency and hypothyroidism , was identified in 20 % and an infectious factor was identified in 0.5 % of the couples . An anatomical factor , including various müllerian tract anomalies and severe intrauterine adhesions , was found in 16 % and an autoimmune factor , including the antiphospholipid antibody syndrome and the undifferentiated connective tissue syndrome , was identified in 20 % of the couples . Eighty-four couples who completed the diagnostic screening protocol were classified as having unexplained habitual abortion . Of these 84 couples , 65 % were subclassified as primary , 27 % were subclassified as secondary , and 7 % had unclassified unexplained habitual abortion . This large-scale study identified genetic , endocrine , infectious , anatomical , or autoimmune factors in approximately 60 % of couples with habitual abortion . To evaluate the relationship among maternal serum endocrinology , placental karyotype , and intervillous blood flow in missed miscarriage . Cross-sectional study of maternal serum , transvaginal ultrasound/Doppler , and placental cytogenetic and immunohistochemical investigations . Tertiary care academic hospital . One hundred fifty-two women with missed miscarriage between 7 and 13 weeks of gestation . Ultrasound features , placental intervillous circulation findings on color Doppler imaging , and maternal serum level of alpha-fetoprotein -LRB- AFP -RRB- , beta-hCG , E -LRB- 2 -RRB- , P , and inhibin A were compared retrospectively with placenta karyotype and hCG immunochemistry . Data were analyzed according to karyotype results , presence or absence of an intervillous circulation , and delay between fetal demise and evacuation . The presence of intervillous blood flow and serum concentrations of the different hormones were independent of placental karyotype . No difference in immunostaining for beta-hCG was found between placental tissues from normal pregnancies and missed miscarriages , but significantly higher villous beta-hCG content was found on Western blotting in miscarriage with a recent fetal demise . The excessive entry of maternal blood inside the placenta in the early stage of most miscarriages is unrelated to conceptus karyotype , and hCG features may reflect a temporary attempt of the trophoblast to stabilize after the initial oxidative insult . SCUBE1 -LRB- signal peptide-CUB-EGF domain-containing protein 1 -RRB- is a novel , secreted , cell surface glycoprotein expressed during early embryogenesis and found in platelet and endothelial cells . This protein is composed of an N-terminal signal peptide sequence followed by nine tandemly arranged epidermal growth factor -LRB- EGF -RRB- - like repeats , a spacer region , three cysteine-rich repeat motifs , and one CUB domain at the C terminus . However , little is known about its domain and biological function . Here , we generated a comprehensive panel of domain deletion constructs and a new genetic mouse model with targeted disruption of Scube1 -LRB- Scube1 -LRB- Delta cub/Delta cub -RRB- -RRB- to investigate the domain function and biological significance . A number of cell-based assays were utilized to define the critical role of the spacer region for membrane association and establish that the EGF-like repeats 7-9 are sufficient for the formation of SCUBE1-mediated homophilic adhesions in a calcium-dependent fashion . Furthermore , genetic ablation of this C-terminal region resulted in brain malformation in the Scube1 -LRB- Delta cub/Delta cub -RRB- embryos . Together , our results support the dual roles of SCUBE1 on brain morphogenesis and cell-cell adhesions through its distinct domain function . The SCUBE gene family encode secreted , extracellular proteins that share a distinct domain organization of at least five recognizable motifs , including an amino-terminal signal peptide sequence , multiple EGF-like domains , a large spacer region containing multiple N-linked glycosylation sites , three repeated stretches of six-cysteine residues and a carboxy-terminal CUB domain . We describe a Scube3 -LRB- tm1Dge/H -RRB- targeted allele , which replaces the entire coding region for Exons 2 and 3 with a neomycin-lacZ selectable marker cassette predicted to delete the first two EGF-like domains of the transcribed protein . Scube3 -LRB- + / tm1Dge/H -RRB- embryos demonstrate strong β-galactosidase activity in the early facial epithelium , including the branchial arches and facial processes , the otic vesicle , limb buds , and neural tube . In addition , strong reporter activity was identified in the epithelial compartments of developing teeth and hair follicles . However , analysis of the Scube3 -LRB- tm1Dge/H -RRB- allele revealed that it encodes a truncated protein , which contains part of the spacer region and CUB domain . It is likely that this protein retains functionality because our analysis reveals that Scube3 -LRB- tm1Dge/H ; tm1Dge/H -RRB- mice are phenotypically normal . Whilst acting as a useful reporter , these mice do not provide any insight into the potential role of Scube3 during embryonic development . This study investigates the potential application of plasma SCUBE1 -LSB- signal peptide-CUB -LRB- complement C1r/C1s , Uegf , and Bmp1 -RRB- - EGF -LRB- epidermal growth factor -RRB- - like domain-containing protein 1 -RSB- as a biomarker of platelet activation in acute coronary syndrome -LRB- ACS -RRB- and acute ischemic stroke -LRB- AIS -RRB- . Platelet activation plays a crucial role in ACS and AIS . Platelet stimulation is associated with increased plasma concentration of SCUBE1 , a novel platelet-endothelial secreted protein identified in our previous study . Plasma concentrations of SCUBE1 from 40 ACS and 40 AIS patients were measured by enzyme-linked immunoadsorbent assay and compared with the levels of 40 healthy control subjects and 83 chronic coronary artery disease -LRB- CAD -RRB- patients . Two-dimensional electrophoresis followed by Western blotting was used to
Colorectal cancer screening is underused . Our objective was to evaluate methods for promoting colorectal cancer screening in primary care practice . A 2 x 2 factorial randomized clinical trial measured the effects of a tailored vs nontailored physician recommendation letter and an enhanced vs nonenhanced physician office and patient management intervention on colorectal cancer screening adherence . The enhanced and nonenhanced physician office and patient management interventions varied the amount of external support to help physician offices develop and implement colorectal cancer screening programs . The study included 10 primary care physician office practices and 599 screen-eligible patients aged 50 to 79 years . The primary end point was medical-record-verified flexible sigmoidoscopy or colonoscopy . Statistical end-point analysis -LRB- according to randomization intent -RRB- used generalized estimating equations to account for correlated outcomes according to physician group . During a 1-year period , endoscopy in the lower gastrointestinal tract -LRB- lower endoscopy -RRB- occurred in 289 of 599 patients -LRB- 48.2 % -RRB- . However , the tailored letter increased the odds of completion by only 1.08-fold -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , 0.72-1.62 ; P = .71 -RRB- . Approximately one-half of the screen-eligible primary medical care patients aged 50 to 79 years obtained lower endoscopic colorectal cancer screening within 1 year of recommendation . An enhanced office and patient management system significantly improved colorectal cancer screening adherence . clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT00327457 .
Autologous stem cell transplantation -LRB- ASCT -RRB- is an effective treatment strategy for mantle-cell lymphoma -LRB- MCL -RRB- demonstrating significantly prolonged progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- when compared to interferon-alpha maintenance therapy of patients in first remission . The study of absolute lymphocyte count at day 15 -LRB- ALC-15 -RRB- after ASCT as a prognostic factor in non-Hodgkin lymphoma -LRB- NHL -RRB- included different lymphoma subtypes . The relationship of ALC-15 after ASCT in MCL has not been specifically addressed . We evaluated the impact of ALC-15 recovery on survival of MCL patients undergoing ASCT . We studied 42 consecutive MCL patients who underwent ASCT at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester from 1993 to 2005 . ALC-15 threshold was set at 500 cells/microl . The median follow-up after ASCT was 25 months -LRB- range , 2-106 months -RRB- . The median overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- and PFS times were significantly better for the 24 patients who achieved an ALC-15 > or = 500 cells/microl compared with 18 patients with ALC-15 < 500 cells/microl -LRB- not reached vs 30 months , P < 0.01 and not reached vs 16 months , P < 0.0006 , respectively -RRB- . Multivariate analysis demonstrated ALC-15 to be an independent prognostic factor for OS and PFS . The ALC-15 > or = 500 cells/microl is associated with a significantly improved clinical outcome following ASCT in MCL . A subpopulation of peripheral human CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- CD25 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells that expresses CD45RO , histocompatibility leukocyte antigen DR , and intracellular cytotoxic T lymphocyte-associated antigen -LRB- CTLA -RRB- 4 does not expand after stimulation and markedly suppresses the expansion of conventional T cells in a contact-dependent manner . After activation , CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- CD25 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells express CTLA-4 on the surface detectable for several weeks . These cells show a G1/G0 cell cycle arrest and no production of interleukin -LRB- IL -RRB- -2 , IL-4 , or interferon -LRB- IFN -RRB- - gamma on either protein or mRNA levels . The anergic state of CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- CD25 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells is not reversible by the addition of anti-CD28 , anti-CTLA-4 , anti-transforming growth factor beta , or anti-IL-10 antibody . However , the refractory state of CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- CD25 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells was partially reversible by the addition of IL-2 or IL-4 . These data demonstrate that human blood contains a resident T cell population with potent regulatory properties . The period of immune deficiency following stem cell transplantation -LRB- SCT -RRB- results in significant morbidity and mortality . Whilst supportive therapies have partially improved the outcome of infective episodes , disease relapse remains a considerable obstacle to improvement in overall outcomes . An increased understanding of the importance of the immune system in preventing relapse has derived from studies in the allogeneic setting . Increasing awareness of autologous anti-tumor responses has also focused interest on enhancing such activity . Successful application of some of these newer therapies , such as tumor vaccination approaches , may depend critically on reconstitution of functional immune reactivity . Whilst early recovery of innate immunity -LRB- myeloid series and natural killer -LRB- NK -RRB- cells -RRB- results in reconstitution of protective immunity against many bacterial pathogens , both the absolute levels and function of T and B lymphocytes remain abnormal for many months or years . Incorporation of T-cell depletion , choice of graft type -LRB- both donor and source -RRB- , development of graft-vs . - host disease and level of residual thymic activity can all influence aspects of the reconstitution process . Advances in immunological monitoring are providing new insights , particularly into the recovery of specific T-cell subsets . This review focuses mainly on recent advances in the understanding of immune reconstitution in the allogeneic setting . Day 15 absolute lymphocyte count -LRB- ALC-15 -RRB- after autologous peripheral blood hematopoietic stem cell transplantation -LRB- APHSCT -RRB- has been reported to be a significant predictor for survival in multiple hematologic malignancies . Limitations of previous reports included their retrospective nature and the lack of ALC-15 lymphocyte subset analyses . To address these limitations , from February 2002 until February 2007 , 50 non-Hodgkin lymphoma -LRB- NHL -RRB- patients were enrolled in a prospective study . The primary endpoint of the study was to confirm prospectively the ALC-15 survival role after APHSCT in NHL . The secondary endpoint was to identify the ALC-15 lymphocyte subset affecting survival after APHSCT . With a median follow-up of 22.2 months -LRB- range : 6-63.7 months -RRB- , patients with an ALC-15 > or = 500 cells/microL -LRB- n = 35 -RRB- experienced superior overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- and progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- compared with those who did not ; median OS : not reached versus 5.4 months , 3-year OS rates of 80 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- : 55 % -95 % -RRB- versus 37 % -LRB- 95 % CI : 15 % -65 % -RRB- , P < .0001 ; and median PFS : not reached versus 3.3 months , 3-year PFS rates of 63 % -LRB- 95 % CI : 40 % -85 % -RRB- versus 13 % -LRB- 95 % CI : 4 % -40 % -RRB- , P < .0001 , respectively . Univariately , CD16 + / 56 + / CD3 - natural killer -LRB- NK -RRB- cells were the only ALC-15 lymphocyte subset identified as a predictor for survival . Patients with an NK cell count > or = 80 cells/microL -LRB- n = 38 -RRB- experienced superior OS and PFS compared with those who did not -LRB- median OS : not reached versus 5 months , 3-year OS rates of 76 % -LSB- 95 % CI : 57 % -92 % -RSB- versus 36 % -LSB- 95 % CI : 11 % -62 % -RSB- , P < .0001 ; and
Laryngomalacia is the most common cause of stridor in children . Previous studies using barium esophagrams or single-probe esophageal pH testing have indicated that 68 % to 80 % of infants with laryngomalacia have reflux . A recent study in a large series of pediatric patients has shown that these 2 testing modalities are relatively insensitive in detecting reflux when compared with 24-hour double-probe pH testing . This study was undertaken to determine the incidence and frequency of reflux in children with laryngomalacia by use of 24-hour double-probe pH monitoring . Twenty-four children with endoscopically diagnosed laryngomalacia underwent 24-hour double-probe pH testing . The distal probe was placed in the lower esophagus , and the proximal probe was placed just above the cricopharyngeus immediately posterior to the larynx . All 24 -LRB- 100 % -RRB- children had pharyngeal acid exposure as judged by the proximal pH probe . These children had a mean of 15.21 episodes of reflux to the level of the pharynx during the 24-hour study period . In contrast , only 16 -LRB- 66 % -RRB- children had abnormal acid exposure as measured by the distal esophageal probe . These results indicate that essentially all children with laryngomalacia have reflux of gastric acid to the pharyngeal level . Multiple authors have documented the detrimental effects of acid and the accompanying pepsin in the larynx and tracheobronchial tree . Persistent laryngeal edema is an almost universal finding in patients with reflux to the pharyngeal level and is a common finding in children with laryngomalacia . In some patients with laryngomalacia , reflux may be the primary cause of their airway compromise , whereas in others it may be a significant cofactor exacerbating a preexisting neurologic or anatomic abnormality . To determine 1 -RRB- airway outcome of infants with laryngomalacia who do not undergo routine direct laryngoscopy -LRB- DL -RRB- and bronchoscopy -LRB- B -RRB- , 2 -RRB- the age at resolution of laryngomalacia , and , 3 -RRB- outcome of supraglottoplasty as a function of the type of laryngomalacia and the presence of concomitant disease . Retrospective chart review . The records of all infants diagnosed with laryngomalacia by flexible fiberoptic laryngoscopy -LRB- FFL -RRB- between 1990 and 1998 in the Department of Otolaryngology -- Head and Neck Surgery , University of Iowa -LRB- Iowa City , IA -RRB- were reviewed . The type of laryngomalacia was designated by a new classification scheme -LRB- types 1-3 -RRB- based on the site of supraglottic obstruction and the type of supraglottoplasty indicated , should the patient later require surgical intervention . The log rank test was used to compare age at resolution and outcome between types of laryngomalacia and between infants with isolated laryngomalacia versus those with additional congenital abnormalities and/or severe neurological compromise . The type of laryngomalacia was evident in 48 of the 58 charts reviewed and included type 1 -LRB- 57 % -RRB- , type 2 -LRB- 15 % -RRB- , type 3 -LRB- 13 % -RRB- , or combined types -LRB- 15 % -RRB- . Twenty percent had severe neurological compromise and/or multiple congenital anomalies . The median time to resolution of stridor in these patients was not significantly delayed when compared with infants who had isolated airway anomalies -LRB- 36 and 72 wk , respectively , vs. 36 wk for isolated laryngomalacia ; P < .4 -RRB- . Time to resolution did not correlate with the type of laryngomalacia . In 22 infants , clinical symptoms or findings suggested a synchronous airway lesion , and direct laryngoscopy and bronchoscopy were performed . In 11 infants , a second airway lesion was diagnosed -LRB- in four cases by FFL and in 7 cases by direct laryngoscopy and bronchoscopy -RRB- . Complications did not arise in infants who did not undergo direct laryngoscopy and bronchoscopy . Eleven infants with severe laryngomalacia required surgical intervention . The success of supraglottoplasty did not correlate with the type of laryngomalacia or the presence of other congenital anomalies . Routine direct laryngoscopy and bronchoscopy as part of the evaluation of laryngomalacia are not warranted . Performing these procedures should be based on clinical and physical evidence of a concomitant airway lesion . In general , laryngomalacia will resolve within the first year of life , even in children with multiple congenital anomalies and/or severe neurological compromise . The proposed classification scheme is advantageous in that it is simple and correlates the site of obstruction with the surgical procedure most likely to effect a cure , should the patient require a supraglottoplasty . Surgical management is necessary in approximately 15 % to 20 % of affected infants . Laryngomalacia is an enigmatic disease in which laryngeal tone is weak , resulting in dynamic prolapse of tissue into the larynx . Sensorimotor integrative function of the brainstem and peripheral reflexes are responsible for laryngeal tone and airway patency . The goal of this study was to elucidate the etiology of decreased laryngeal tone through evaluating the sensorimotor integrative function of the larynx . The secondary goal was to evaluate factors and medical comorbidities that contribute to the wide spectrum of symptoms and outcomes . Prospective and retrospective collection of evaluative data on infants with congenital laryngomalacia at two tertiary care pediatric referral centers . Two hundred one infants with laryngomalacia were divided into three groups on the basis of disease severity -LRB- mild , moderate , severe -RRB- . Patients were followed prospectively every 8 to 12 weeks until symptom resolution or loss to follow-up . Sensorimotor integrative function of the larynx was evaluated in 134 infants by laryngopharyngeal sensory testing -LRB- LPST -RRB- of the laryngeal adductor reflex -LRB- LAR -RRB- by delivering a duration - -LRB- 50 ms -RRB- and intensity - -LRB- 2.5-10 mm Hg -RRB- controlled air pulse to the aryepiglottic fold to induce the LAR . Medical records were retrospectively reviewed for medical comorbidities . The initial LPST was higher -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- in infants with
Definitions of sepsis and septic shock were last revised in 2001 . Considerable advances have since been made into the pathobiology -LRB- changes in organ function , morphology , cell biology , biochemistry , immunology , and circulation -RRB- , management , and epidemiology of sepsis , suggesting the need for reexamination . To evaluate and , as needed , update definitions for sepsis and septic shock . A task force -LRB- n = 19 -RRB- with expertise in sepsis pathobiology , clinical trials , and epidemiology was convened by the Society of Critical Care Medicine and the European Society of Intensive Care Medicine . Definitions and clinical criteria were generated through meetings , Delphi processes , analysis of electronic health record databases , and voting , followed by circulation to international professional societies , requesting peer review and endorsement -LRB- by 31 societies listed in the Acknowledgment -RRB- . Limitations of previous definitions included an excessive focus on inflammation , the misleading model that sepsis follows a continuum through severe sepsis to shock , and inadequate specificity and sensitivity of the systemic inflammatory response syndrome -LRB- SIRS -RRB- criteria . Multiple definitions and terminologies are currently in use for sepsis , septic shock , and organ dysfunction , leading to discrepancies in reported incidence and observed mortality . The task force concluded the term severe sepsis was redundant . Septic shock should be defined as a subset of sepsis in which particularly profound circulatory , cellular , and metabolic abnormalities are associated with a greater risk of mortality than with sepsis alone . Patients with septic shock can be clinically identified by a vasopressor requirement to maintain a mean arterial pressure of 65 mm Hg or greater and serum lactate level greater than 2 mmol/L -LRB- > 18 mg/dL -RRB- in the absence of hypovolemia . This combination is associated with hospital mortality rates greater than 40 % . In out-of-hospital , emergency department , or general hospital ward settings , adult patients with suspected infection can be rapidly identified as being more likely to have poor outcomes typical of sepsis if they have at least 2 of the following clinical criteria that together constitute a new bedside clinical score termed quickSOFA -LRB- qSOFA -RRB- : respiratory rate of 22/min or greater , altered mentation , or systolic blood pressure of 100 mm Hg or less . These updated definitions and clinical criteria should replace previous definitions , offer greater consistency for epidemiologic studies and clinical trials , and facilitate earlier recognition and more timely management of patients with sepsis or at risk of developing sepsis .
Direct oxygen partial pressure -LRB- pO2 -RRB- readings in cancers of the cervix and in the normal cervix of nulliparous or parous women were obtained using a computerized pO2 histography system . The oxygenation status of the tumors was evaluated as a function of clinical staging and histological grading . pO2 measurements were performed with a customized electrode system in conscious pre - and postmenopausal , untreated patients with well-defined arterial blood gas status . With this technique , pO2 measurements in the normal cervix of nulliparous women resulted in oxygenation patterns which were characteristic for normal , adequately supplied tissues -LRB- median pO2 , 48 mm Hg -RRB- with approximately 1 % of the pO2 values grouped between zero and 2.5 mm Hg , i.e. , in a range with less than half-maximum radiosensitivity . As a rule , the mean -LRB- and median -RRB- pO2 values were distinctly lower in the normal cervix of parous women -LRB- most probably due to scar formation following vaginal delivery -RRB- and in malignancies . In the normal cervix of parous women the median pO2 value was 13 mm Hg -LRB- with approximately 14 % of the pO2 readings in the lowest class -RRB- , 14 mm Hg in International Federation of Gynecologists and Obstetricians I/II tumors -LRB- 2 % of the readings in the lowest pO2 class -RRB- , and 11 mm Hg in International Federation of Gynecologists and Obstetricians III/IV cancers -LRB- 1 % of the pO2 data in the lowest class -RRB- . To date , 5 of 18 cervical cancers exhibited pO2 values between zero and 2.5 mm Hg . The oxygenation pattern in cervical cancers and the occurrence of hypoxia and/or anoxia did not correlate with either the clinical stages and histological grades or with a series of clinically relevant parameters -LRB- e.g. , tumor size -RRB- . No significant differences were found between pre - and postmenopausal tumors , between squamous cell carcinomas and adenocarcinomas , and between endophytic or exophytic tumors . From these studies there is clear indication that the oxygenation status of individual tumors can not be predicted on the basis of staging and/or grading , predominantly because of the pronounced tumor-to-tumor variabilities . Evaluation of the tissue oxygenation of individual tumors is thus mandatory to prove that tumor oxygenation can predict the overall prognosis and/or treatment outcome . The presence of hypoxia , measured by needle electrodes , has been shown to be associated with poor patient outcome in several human tumor types , including soft tissue sarcomas . The present report emphasizes the evaluation of hypoxia in soft tissue sarcomas based upon the binding of the 2-nitroimidazole drug EF5 -LRB- 2 - -LSB- 2-nitro-1H-imidazol-1-yl -RSB- - N - -LRB- 2,2,3,3,3-pentafluoropropyl -RRB- acetamide -RRB- . EF5 has previously been shown to be predictive of radiation response in animal tumors and in in vitro studies . We have also previously reported studies of EF5 binding in human squamous cell tumors . Using fluorescent immunohistochemical techniques , we provide data on the presence and distribution of EF5 binding , as a surrogate for hypoxia , in human spindle cell tumors . Patients with spindle cell tumors who were scheduled for tumor surgery were asked to participate in the Phase I trial of EF5 . Approximately 48 h preoperatively , EF5 was administered i.v. at doses between 9 and 21 mg/kg . Binding in frozen sections of biopsied tissues was determined using monoclonal antibodies labeled with the green-excited , orange-emitting fluorescent dye , Cy3 . Calibration studies were performed in vitro by incubating fresh tumor tissue cubes obtained from each patient with EF3 -LRB- an analog of EF5 -RRB- under hypoxic conditions -LRB- `` reference binding '' -RRB- . The goal of these calibration studies was to quantify the maximal binding levels possible in individual patient 's tissues . The relationship between binding -LRB- in situ based on EF5 binding -RRB- and reference binding -LRB- in vitro based on EF3 binding -RRB- was determined . Eight patients were studied ; 3 of these patients had gastrointestinal stromal tumors -LRB- GIST -RRB- . The incubation of tumor tissue cubes in EF3 under hypoxic conditions demonstrated that all tumors bound drug to a similar extent . Reference binding showed a 3.2-fold variation in median fluorescence -LRB- 113-356 -RRB- on an absolute fluorescence scale , calibrated by a Cy3 dye standard . In situ binding in the brightest tumor section varied by a factor of 25.4 between the lowest and highest binding tumor -LRB- 7.5-190.2 -RRB- . Heterogeneity of highest binding was greater between tumors than within individual tumors . A correspondence between EF5 binding and Eppendorf needle electrode studies was seen in the 5 patients with non-GISTs . Inter - and intratumoral heterogeneity of EF5 binding in spindle cell tumors has been documented . Patterns of binding consistent with diffusion limited hypoxia are present in human spindle cell neoplasms . The measurement of tumour oxygenation using Eppendorf oxygen-sensitive needle electrodes can provide prognostic information but the method is limited to accessible tumours that are suitable for electrode insertion . In this paper the aim was to study the relationship between such physiological measurements of tumour hypoxia and the labelling of tumours with the hypoxia-specific marker pimonidazole . Assessment of tumour oxygen partial pressure -LRB- pO -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- using an Eppendorf pO -LRB- 2 -RRB- histograph and immunohistochemical pimonidazole labelling was carried out in 86 patients with primary cervix carcinomas . Pimonidazole was given as a single injection -LRB- 0.5 g/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- i.v. -RRB- and 10-24 h later pO -LRB- 2 -RRB- measurements were made and biopsies taken . Tumour oxygenation status was evaluated as the median tumour pO -LRB- 2 -RRB- and the fraction of pO -LRB- 2 -RRB- values < / = 10 mmHg -LRB- HP -LRB- 10 -RRB- -RRB- , < / = 5 mmHg -LRB- HP -LRB- 5 -RRB- -RRB- and < / = 2.5 mmHg -LRB- HP -LRB- 2.5
Glioblastoma , the most common primary brain tumor in adults , is usually rapidly fatal . The current standard of care for newly diagnosed glioblastoma is surgical resection to the extent feasible , followed by adjuvant radiotherapy . In this trial we compared radiotherapy alone with radiotherapy plus temozolomide , given concomitantly with and after radiotherapy , in terms of efficacy and safety . Patients with newly diagnosed , histologically confirmed glioblastoma were randomly assigned to receive radiotherapy alone -LRB- fractionated focal irradiation in daily fractions of 2 Gy given 5 days per week for 6 weeks , for a total of 60 Gy -RRB- or radiotherapy plus continuous daily temozolomide -LRB- 75 mg per square meter of body-surface area per day , 7 days per week from the first to the last day of radiotherapy -RRB- , followed by six cycles of adjuvant temozolomide -LRB- 150 to 200 mg per square meter for 5 days during each 28-day cycle -RRB- . The primary end point was overall survival . A total of 573 patients from 85 centers underwent randomization . The median age was 56 years , and 84 percent of patients had undergone debulking surgery . At a median follow-up of 28 months , the median survival was 14.6 months with radiotherapy plus temozolomide and 12.1 months with radiotherapy alone . The unadjusted hazard ratio for death in the radiotherapy-plus-temozolomide group was 0.63 -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 0.52 to 0.75 ; P < 0.001 by the log-rank test -RRB- . The two-year survival rate was 26.5 percent with radiotherapy plus temozolomide and 10.4 percent with radiotherapy alone . Concomitant treatment with radiotherapy plus temozolomide resulted in grade 3 or 4 hematologic toxic effects in 7 percent of patients . The addition of temozolomide to radiotherapy for newly diagnosed glioblastoma resulted in a clinically meaningful and statistically significant survival benefit with minimal additional toxicity . Concurrent treatment with temozolomide and radiotherapy followed by maintenance temozolomide is the standard of care for patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma . Bevacizumab , a humanized monoclonal antibody against vascular endothelial growth factor A , is currently approved for recurrent glioblastoma . Whether the addition of bevacizumab would improve survival among patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma is not known . In this randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial , we treated adults who had centrally confirmed glioblastoma with radiotherapy -LRB- 60 Gy -RRB- and daily temozolomide . Treatment with bevacizumab or placebo began during week 4 of radiotherapy and was continued for up to 12 cycles of maintenance chemotherapy . At disease progression , the assigned treatment was revealed , and bevacizumab therapy could be initiated or continued . The trial was designed to detect a 25 % reduction in the risk of death and a 30 % reduction in the risk of progression or death , the two coprimary end points , with the addition of bevacizumab . A total of 978 patients were registered , and 637 underwent randomization . There was no significant difference in the duration of overall survival between the bevacizumab group and the placebo group -LRB- median , 15.7 and 16.1 months , respectively ; hazard ratio for death in the bevacizumab group , 1.13 -RRB- . Progression-free survival was longer in the bevacizumab group -LRB- 10.7 months vs. 7.3 months ; hazard ratio for progression or death , 0.79 -RRB- . There were modest increases in rates of hypertension , thromboembolic events , intestinal perforation , and neutropenia in the bevacizumab group . Over time , an increased symptom burden , a worse quality of life , and a decline in neurocognitive function were more frequent in the bevacizumab group . First-line use of bevacizumab did not improve overall survival in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma . Progression-free survival was prolonged but did not reach the prespecified improvement target . -LRB- Funded by the National Cancer Institute ; ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00884741 . -RRB- . Sensitivity , positive predictive value -LRB- PPV -RRB- , and negative predictive value -LRB- NPV -RRB- of conventional MR imaging in predicting glioma grade are not high . Relative cerebral blood volume -LRB- rCBV -RRB- measurements derived from perfusion MR imaging and metabolite ratios from proton MR spectroscopy are useful in predicting glioma grade . We evaluated the sensitivity , specificity , PPV , and NPV of perfusion MR imaging and MR spectroscopy compared with conventional MR imaging in grading primary gliomas . One hundred sixty patients with a primary cerebral glioma underwent conventional MR imaging , dynamic contrast-enhanced T2 * - weighted perfusion MR imaging , and proton MR spectroscopy . Gliomas were graded as low or high based on conventional MR imaging findings . The rCBV measurements were obtained from regions of maximum perfusion . Metabolite ratios -LRB- choline -LSB- Cho -RSB- / creatine -LSB- Cr -RSB- , Cho/N-acetylaspartate -LSB- NAA -RSB- , and NAA/Cr -RRB- were measured at a TE of 144 ms. Tumor grade determined with the three methods was then compared with that from histopathologic grading . Logistic regression and receiver operating characteristic analyses were performed to determine optimum thresholds for tumor grading . Sensitivity , specificity , PPV , and NPV for identifying high-grade gliomas were also calculated . Statistical analysis demonstrated a threshold value of 1.75 for rCBV to provide sensitivity , specificity , PPV , and NPV of 95.0 % , 57.5 % , 87.0 % , and 79.3 % , respectively . Threshold values of 1.08 and 1.56 for Cho/Cr and 0.75 and 1.60 for Cho/NAA provided the minimum C2 and C1 errors , respectively , for determining a high-grade glioma . The combination of rCBV , Cho/Cr , and Cho/NAA resulted in sensitivity , specificity , PPV , and NPV of 93.3 % , 60.0 % , 87.5 % , and 75.0 % , respectively . Significant differences were noted in the rCBV and Cho/Cr , Cho/NAA , and NAA/Cr ratios between low - and high-grade gliomas -LRB- P <
The impact of supervised exercise training on endothelial function in patients with intermittent claudication is unclear . This study assesses the impact of treadmill-based supervised exercise training alone or in combination with resistance training on pain free walking distance , flow-mediated dilatation , reactive hyperaemia index , nitric oxide and asymmetric dimethylarginine . Thirty-five patients with intermittent claudication were randomised to 12 weeks of treadmill-only supervised exercise training -LRB- Group 1 -RRB- or a combination of treadmill and lower-limb resistance supervised exercise training -LRB- Group 2 -RRB- . Pain free walking distance was assessed by six-minute walk test . Endothelial function was assessed by brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation , reactive hyperaemia index and serum analysis of asymmetric dimethylarginine and nitric oxide . Pain free walking distance improved within Group 1 -LRB- 160 m to 204 m , p = 0.03 -RRB- but not Group 2 -LRB- 181 m to 188 m , p = 0.82 -RRB- , no between group difference . No significant change in flow-mediated dilatation or reactive hyperaemia index in either group . Nitric oxide decreased in Group 1 -LRB- 15.0 µmol/L to 8.3 µmol/L , p = 0.003 -RRB- but not Group 2 -LRB- 11.2 µmol/L to 9.1 µmol/L , p = 0.14 -RRB- , p = 0.07 between groups . Asymmetric dimethylarginine decreased in Group 2 -LRB- 0.61 µmol/L to 0.56 µmol/L , p = 0.03 -RRB- but not Group 1 -LRB- 0.58 µmol/l to 0.58 µmol/L , p = 0.776 -RRB- , no between group difference . Supervised exercise training does not improve endothelial function as measured by flow-mediated dilatation , reactive hyperaemia index and nitric oxide bioavailability . We determined whether higher levels of D-dimer , C-reactive protein -LRB- CRP -RRB- , fibrinogen , and serum amyloid A are associated independently with functional impairment in patients with and without peripheral arterial disease -LRB- PAD -RRB- . Participants were 370 men and women with PAD -LRB- ankle brachial index < 0.90 -RRB- and 231 without PAD . Functional outcomes were 6-minute walk distance and 4-meter walking velocity . A summary performance score combined performance in walking speed , standing balance , and time for 5 repeated chair rises into an ordinal score ranging from 0 to 12 -LRB- 12 = best -RRB- . Adjusting for age , sex , ankle brachial index , comorbidities , and other potential mediators and confounders , D-dimer levels were associated independently and inversely with performance on all 3 functional measures in the entire cohort and among patients with and without PAD , respectively . Adjusting for known and potential confounders , CRP levels were associated independently with 6-minute walk distance and the summary performance score among participants with PAD . No significant associations were observed between CRP and the functional measures among participants without PAD . Fibrinogen and SAA levels were not associated independently with the functional measures . Higher D-dimer levels are associated with poorer functioning among individuals with and without PAD . Higher CRP levels were associated with poorer 6-minute walk performance and a lower summary performance score among participants with PAD but not among those without PAD . Additional study is needed to determine whether D-dimer and CRP are involved in the pathophysiology of functional impairment or whether they are simply sensitive markers of the extent of systemic atherosclerosis . To assess the effect of pain-free treadmill training on changes of plasma fibrinogen , haematocrit , lipid profile , and walking ability in patients with claudication . Randomized control trial . Sixty-eight patients with peripheral obstructive arterial disease and intermittent claudication -LRB- Fontaine stage II -RRB- were randomly assigned into the treadmill training -LRB- repetitive intervals to onset of claudication pain , three times a week -RRB- or a control group -LRB- no change in physical activity -RRB- over 3 months . Both groups performed treadmill test to assess pain-free walking time -LRB- PFWT -RRB- and maximal walking time -LRB- MWT -RRB- and had blood analyses -LSB- for haematocrit , fibrinogen , triglycerides , and cholesterol : total , high-density lipoprotein -LRB- HDL -RRB- and low-density lipoprotein -LRB- LDL -RRB- -RSB- done at baseline and after 6 and 12 weeks of the study . Total and LDL cholesterol levels in the training group decreased -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- by 14.8 % and 20,5 % , respectively . Significant -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- HDL cholesterol increased -LRB- 14.6 % -RRB- and triglycerides decreased -LRB- 19 % -RRB- in the training group but changes of all these lipids were insignificant in the control group over the 3 months . Haematocrit and fibrinogen changes were insignificant in both groups . The improvement in walking time over 3 months of pain-free treadmill training parallels with progressive normalization of lipid profiles in patients with claudication . Serum markers of inflammation and platelet activation are related to cardiovascular risk . Cardiovascular risk reduction is a major treatment goal in patients with peripheral arterial disease -LRB- PAD -RRB- . Although current guidelines recommend supervised exercise training -LRB- SET -RRB- for PAD patients with intermittent claudication , its contribution to risk reduction remains unclear . Aim of the present study was to assess the impact of SET on inflammation and platelet activation as surrogates for cardiovascular risk . Fifty-three patients with intermittent claudication were randomly assigned to SET on top of best medical treatment -LRB- BMT -RRB- for 6 months -LRB- SET-group -RRB- or to BMT only -LRB- BMT-group -RRB- . High sensitivity C-reactive protein -LRB- hs-CRP -RRB- , interleukin-6 -LRB- IL-6 -RRB- and fibrinogen as well as soluble P-selectin -LRB- sP-sel -RRB- , prothrombin fragment 1 +2 -LRB- F1 .2 -RRB- and monocyte-platelet aggregates -LRB- MPA -RRB- were determined at study entry , after 3 , 6 and 12 months . While clinical improvement , reflected by an increase of walking capacity , was observed upon SET , no lasting changes of markers of inflammation and platelet activation were found within the SET-group during the training period . Compared to
The expected survival of HIV-infected patients is of major public health interest . To estimate survival time and age-specific mortality rates of an HIV-infected population compared with that of the general population . Population-based cohort study . All HIV-infected persons receiving care in Denmark from 1995 to 2005 . Each member of the nationwide Danish HIV Cohort Study was matched with as many as 99 persons from the general population according to sex , date of birth , and municipality of residence . The authors computed Kaplan-Meier life tables with age as the time scale to estimate survival from age 25 years . Patients with HIV infection and corresponding persons from the general population were observed from the date of the patient 's HIV diagnosis until death , emigration , or 1 May 2005 . 3990 HIV-infected patients and 379,872 persons from the general population were included in the study , yielding 22,744 -LRB- median , 5.8 y/person -RRB- and 2,689,287 -LRB- median , 8.4 years/person -RRB- person-years of observation . Three percent of participants were lost to follow-up . From age 25 years , the median survival was 19.9 years -LRB- 95 % CI , 18.5 to 21.3 -RRB- among patients with HIV infection and 51.1 years -LRB- CI , 50.9 to 51.5 -RRB- among the general population . For HIV-infected patients , survival increased to 32.5 years -LRB- CI , 29.4 to 34.7 -RRB- during the 2000 to 2005 period . In the subgroup that excluded persons with known hepatitis C coinfection -LRB- 16 % -RRB- , median survival was 38.9 years -LRB- CI , 35.4 to 40.1 -RRB- during this same period . The relative mortality rates for patients with HIV infection compared with those for the general population decreased with increasing age , whereas the excess mortality rate increased with increasing age . The observed mortality rates are assumed to apply beyond the current maximum observation time of 10 years . The estimated median survival is more than 35 years for a young person diagnosed with HIV infection in the late highly active antiretroviral therapy era . However , an ongoing effort is still needed to further reduce mortality rates for these persons compared with the general population . Persons who are HIV-infected may be at higher risk for certain types of cancer than the general population . To compare cancer incidence among HIV-infected persons with incidence in the general population from 1992 to 2003 . Prospective observational cohort studies . United States . 54,780 HIV-infected persons in the Adult and Adolescent Spectrum of HIV Disease Project -LRB- 47,832 patients -RRB- and the HIV Outpatient Study -LRB- 6948 patients -RRB- , who contributed 157,819 person-years of follow-up from 1992 to 2003 , and 334,802,121 records from the Surveillance , Epidemiology , and End Results program of 13 geographically defined , population-based , central cancer registries . Standardized rate ratios -LRB- SRRs -RRB- to compare cancer incidence in the HIV-infected population with standardized cancer incidence in the general population . The incidence of the following types of non-AIDS-defining cancer was significantly higher in the HIV-infected population than in the general population : anal -LRB- SRR , 42.9 -LSB- 95 % CI , 34.1 to 53.3 -RSB- -RRB- , vaginal -LRB- 21.0 -LSB- CI , 11.2 to 35.9 -RSB- -RRB- , Hodgkin lymphoma -LRB- 14.7 -LSB- CI , 11.6 to 18.2 -RSB- -RRB- , liver -LRB- 7.7 -LSB- CI , 5.7 to 10.1 -RSB- -RRB- , lung -LRB- 3.3 -LSB- CI , 2.8 to 3.9 -RSB- -RRB- , melanoma -LRB- 2.6 -LSB- CI , 1.9 to 3.6 -RSB- -RRB- , oropharyngeal -LRB- 2.6 -LSB- CI , 1.9 to 3.4 -RSB- -RRB- , leukemia -LRB- 2.5 -LSB- CI , 1.6 to 3.8 -RSB- -RRB- , colorectal -LRB- 2.3 -LSB- CI , 1.8 to 2.9 -RSB- -RRB- , and renal -LRB- 1.8 -LSB- CI , 1.1 to 2.7 -RSB- -RRB- . The incidence of prostate cancer was significantly lower among HIV-infected persons than the general population -LRB- SRR , 0.6 -LSB- CI , 0.4 to 0.8 -RSB- -RRB- . Only the relative incidence of anal cancer increased over time . Lower ascertainment of cancer in the HIV cohorts may result in a potential bias to underestimate rate disparities . Tobacco use as a risk factor and the effect of changes in cancer screening practices could not be evaluated . The incidence of many types of non-AIDS-defining cancer was higher among HIV-infected persons than among the general population from 1992 to 2003 . On the basis of current evidence regarding human papillomavirus -LRB- HPV -RRB- and cancer , this chapter provides estimates of the global burden of HPV-related cancers , and the proportion that are actually `` caused '' by infection with HPV types , and therefore potentially preventable . We also present trends in incidence and mortality of these cancers in the past , and consider their likely future evolution . To evaluate the incidence rates of anal cancer over the HIV epidemic and assess the impact of HAART use on anal cancer events . We evaluated the incidence of and factors associated with anal cancer using longitudinal data from the prospective U.S. Military Natural History Study -LRB- 1985-2008 -RRB- . Poisson regression and Cox proportional hazard models were utilized . Among 4506 HIV-infected men with 37 806 person-years of follow-up , anal cancer rates -LRB- per 100 000 person-years -RRB- increased five-fold , from 11 in the pre-HAART to 55 in the HAART era -LRB- P = 0.02 -RRB- . Rates continued to increase , reaching 128 in 2006-2008 . Persons with HIV infection for more than 15 years had a 12-fold higher rate than those with less than 5 years -LRB- 348 vs. 28 , P < 0.01 -RRB- . At cancer diagnosis -LRB- n = 19 -RRB- , median age was 42 years , median CD4 cell count was 432 cells/microl , 74 % had a CD4 nadir cell count less than 200 cells/microl , 42 %
We performed a phase I trial of FANG vaccine , an autologous tumor-based product incorporating a plasmid encoding granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor -LRB- GMCSF -RRB- and a novel bifunctional short hairpin RNAi -LRB- bi-shRNAi -RRB- targeting furin convertase , thereby downregulating endogenous immunosuppressive transforming growth factors -LRB- TGF -RRB- β1 and β2 . Patients with advanced cancer received up to 12 monthly intradermal injections of FANG vaccine -LRB- 1 × 10 -LRB- 7 -RRB- or 2.5 × 10 -LRB- 7 -RRB- cells/ml injection -RRB- . GMCSF , TGFβ1 , TGFβ2 , and furin proteins were quantified by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay -LRB- ELISA -RRB- . Safety and response were monitored . Vaccine manufacturing was successful in 42 of 46 patients of whom 27 received ≥ 1 vaccine . There were no treatment-related serious adverse events . Post-transfection mean product expression GMCSF increased from 7.3 to 1,108 pg/10 -LRB- 6 -RRB- cells/ml . Positive enzyme-linked immunospot -LRB- ELISPOT -RRB- response at month 4 was demonstrated in 9 of 18 patients serially assessed and correlated with survival duration from time of treatment -LRB- P = 0.025 -RRB- . Neither dose-adverse event nor dose-response relationship was noted . In conclusion , FANG vaccine was safe and elicited an immune response correlating with prolonged survival . Phase II assessment is justified .
The dementia carer 's survey aimed to identify carers ' needs , differences between countries with regard to dementia care and the level of satisfaction of carers with utilised services . The survey was conducted through Alzheimer Europe 's member organisations in France , Germany , Poland , Spain and UK -LRB- Scotland -RRB- . The survey was in the form of a questionnaire , and topics addressed included : demographics of carers and people with AD ; time spent caring ; disclosure of diagnosis ; symptoms prompting diagnosis ; diagnostic process ; current and most distressing symptoms ; carers ' information requirements ; evaluation of services . Each country had approximately 200 responders . Time spent caring increases with disease severity , and 50 % of carers of people with late-stage dementia spent more than 10 h/day caring . Activities of daily living and behaviour were cited as the most problematic symptoms , reported by 68 % and 50 % of carers , respectively . Provision of information on all aspects of AD was felt to be inadequate , with key services such as home support not available to the majority of carers . Only 17 % of carers considered the level of care for the elderly in their country as good . Further development of services and information provision are required to help carers in their everyday caring , including coping with problematic symptoms influencing areas such as activities of daily living and behaviour . The pathogenesis of dementia of the Alzheimer 's type -LRB- DAT -RRB- remains elusive . The neurodegeneration occurring in this disease has been traditionally believed to be the result of toxicity caused by the accumulation of insoluble amyloid-beta 42 -LRB- AB -RRB- aggregates , however recent research questions this thesis and has suggested other more convincing cellular and molecular mechanisms . Dysfunction of amyloid precursor protein metabolism , AB generation/aggregation and/or degredation/clearance , tau metabolism , protein trafficking , signal transduction , heavy metal homeostasis , acetylcholine and cholesterol metabolism , have all been implicated etiologically especially as to production of neurotoxic by-products occurring as a result of a specific process derangement . In this paper , these and other research directions are discussed as well as their implications for future therapies . The relationship of the proposed abnormal molecular and cellular processes to underlying genetic mutations is also scrutinized , all in an attempt to stimulate further insight into the pathogenesis of , and thus therapeutics for this increasingly prevalent disease . Insulin is secreted from the β-cells of the pancreas and helps maintain glucose homeostasis . Although secreted peripherally , insulin also plays a profound role in cognitive function . Increasing evidence suggests that insulin signaling in the brain is necessary to maintain health of neuronal cells , promote learning and memory , decrease oxidative stress , and ultimately increase neuronal survival . This chapter summarizes the different facets of insulin signaling necessary for learning and memory and additionally explores the association between cognitive impairment and central insulin resistance . Here , we summarize a vast amount of literature that suggests a strong association between impaired brain insulin signaling and cognitive impairment . Circulating insulin-like growth factor I -LRB- IGF-I -RRB- enters the brain and promotes clearance of amyloid peptides known to accumulate in Alzheimer 's disease -LRB- AD -RRB- brains . Both patients and mouse models of AD show decreased level of circulating IGF-I enter the brain as evidenced by a lower ratio of cerebrospinal fluid/plasma IGF-I . Importantly , in presymptomatic AD mice this reduction is already manifested as a decreased brain input of serum IGF-I in response to environmental enrichment . To explore a potential diagnostic use of this early loss of IGF-I input , we monitored electrocorticogram -LRB- ECG -RRB- responses to systemic IGF-I in mice . Whereas control mice showed enhanced ECG activity after IGF-I , presymptomatic AD mice showed blunted ECG responses . Because nonhuman primates showed identically enhanced electroencephalogram -LRB- EEG -RRB- activity in response to systemic IGF-I , loss of the EEG signature of serum IGF-I may be exploited as a disease biomarker in AD patients . Our goal was to forecast the global burden of Alzheimer 's disease and evaluate the potential impact of interventions that delay disease onset or progression . A stochastic , multistate model was used in conjunction with United Nations worldwide population forecasts and data from epidemiological studies of the risks of Alzheimer 's disease . In 2006 , the worldwide prevalence of Alzheimer 's disease was 26.6 million . By 2050 , the prevalence will quadruple , by which time 1 in 85 persons worldwide will be living with the disease . We estimate about 43 % of prevalent cases need a high level of care , equivalent to that of a nursing home . If interventions could delay both disease onset and progression by a modest 1 year , there would be nearly 9.2 million fewer cases of the disease in 2050 , with nearly the entire decline attributable to decreases in persons needing a high level of care . We face a looming global epidemic of Alzheimer 's disease as the world 's population ages . Modest advances in therapeutic and preventive strategies that lead to even small delays in the onset and progression of Alzheimer 's disease can significantly reduce the global burden of this disease .
In phase 2 trials , the nucleotide polymerase inhibitor sofosbuvir was effective in previously untreated patients with chronic hepatitis C virus -LRB- HCV -RRB- genotype 1 , 2 , or 3 infection . We conducted two phase 3 studies in previously untreated patients with HCV infection . In a single-group , open-label study , we administered a 12-week regimen of sofosbuvir plus peginterferon alfa-2a and ribavirin in 327 patients with HCV genotype 1 , 4 , 5 , or 6 -LRB- of whom 98 % had genotype 1 or 4 -RRB- . In a noninferiority trial , 499 patients with HCV genotype 2 or 3 infection were randomly assigned to receive sofosbuvir plus ribavirin for 12 weeks or peginterferon alfa-2a plus ribavirin for 24 weeks . In the two studies , the primary end point was a sustained virologic response at 12 weeks after the end of therapy . In the noninferiority trial , a sustained response was reported in 67 % of patients in both the sofosbuvir-ribavirin group and the peginterferon-ribavirin group . Adverse events -LRB- including fatigue , headache , nausea , and neutropenia -RRB- were less common with sofosbuvir than with peginterferon . In a single-group study of sofosbuvir combined with peginterferon-ribavirin , patients with predominantly genotype 1 or 4 HCV infection had a rate of sustained virologic response of 90 % at 12 weeks . In a noninferiority trial , patients with genotype 2 or 3 infection who received either sofosbuvir or peginterferon with ribavirin had nearly identical rates of response -LRB- 67 % -RRB- . Adverse events were less frequent with sofosbuvir than with peginterferon .
Changes in human behaviour and lifestyle over the last century have resulted in a dramatic increase in the incidence of diabetes worldwide . The epidemic is chiefly of type 2 diabetes and also the associated conditions known as ` diabesity ' and ` metabolic syndrome ' . In conjunction with genetic susceptibility , particularly in certain ethnic groups , type 2 diabetes is brought on by environmental and behavioural factors such as a sedentary lifestyle , overly rich nutrition and obesity . The prevention of diabetes and control of its micro - and macrovascular complications will require an integrated , international approach if we are to see significant reduction in the huge premature morbidity and mortality it causes . Previous efforts to forecast future trends in obesity applied linear forecasts assuming that the rise in obesity would continue unabated . However , evidence suggests that obesity prevalence may be leveling off . This study presents estimates of adult obesity and severe obesity prevalence through 2030 based on nonlinear regression models . The forecasted results are then used to simulate the savings that could be achieved through modestly successful obesity prevention efforts . The study was conducted in 2009-2010 and used data from the 1990 through 2008 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System -LRB- BRFSS -RRB- . The analysis sample included nonpregnant adults aged ≥ 18 years . The individual-level BRFSS variables were supplemented with state-level variables from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics , the American Chamber of Commerce Research Association , and the Census of Retail Trade . Future obesity and severe obesity prevalence were estimated through regression modeling by projecting trends in explanatory variables expected to influence obesity prevalence . Linear time trend forecasts suggest that by 2030 , 51 % of the population will be obese . The model estimates a much lower obesity prevalence of 42 % and severe obesity prevalence of 11 % . If obesity were to remain at 2010 levels , the combined savings in medical expenditures over the next 2 decades would be $ 549.5 billion . The study estimates a 33 % increase in obesity prevalence and a 130 % increase in severe obesity prevalence over the next 2 decades . If these forecasts prove accurate , this will further hinder efforts for healthcare cost containment . Obesity levels have increased significantly in the past five decades and are predicted to continue rising , resulting in important health implications . In particular , this has translated to an increase in the occurrence of type II diabetes mellitus -LRB- T2D -RRB- . To alleviate associated problems , certain nutraceuticals have been considered as potential adjuncts or alternatives to conventional prescription drugs . Cinnamon , a commonly consumed spice originating from South East Asia , is currently being investigated as a potential preventative supplement and treatment for insulin resistance , metabolic syndrome and T2D . Extensive in vitro evidence has shown that cinnamon may improve insulin resistance by preventing and reversing impairments in insulin signalling in skeletal muscle . In adipose tissue , it has been shown that cinnamon increases the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors including , PPARγ . This is comparable to the action of commonly used thiazolinediones , which are PPAR agonists . Studies have also shown that cinnamon has potent anti-inflammatory properties . However , numerous human clinical trials with cinnamon have been conducted with varying findings . While some studies have showed no beneficial effect , others have indicated improvements in cholesterol levels , systolic blood pressure , insulin sensitivity and postprandial glucose levels with cinnamon . However , the only measurement consistently improved by cinnamon consumption is fasting glucose levels . While it is still premature to suggest the use of cinnamon supplementation based on the evidence , further investigation into mechanisms of action is warranted . Apart from further characterization of genetic and epigenetic changes in model systems , systematic large-scale clinical trials are required . In this study , we discuss the mechanisms of action of cinnamon in the context of T2D and we highlight some of the associated controversies . Cinnamon , the dry bark and twig of Cinnamomum spp. , is a rich botanical source of polyphenolics that has been used for centuries in Chinese medicine and has been shown to affect blood glucose and insulin signaling . Cinnamon 's effects on blood glucose have been the subject of many clinical and animal studies ; however , the issue of cinnamon intake 's effect on fasting blood glucose -LRB- FBG -RRB- in people with type 2 diabetes and/or prediabetes still remains unclear . A meta-analysis of clinical studies of the effect of cinnamon intake on people with type 2 diabetes and/or prediabetes that included three new clinical trials along with five trials used in previous meta-analyses was done to assess cinnamon 's effectiveness in lowering FBG . The eight clinical studies were identified using a literature search -LRB- Pub Med and Biosis through May 2010 -RRB- of randomized , placebo-controlled trials reporting data on cinnamon and/or cinnamon extract and FBG . Comprehensive Meta-Analysis -LRB- Biostat Inc. , Englewood , NJ , USA -RRB- was performed on the identified data for both cinnamon and cinnamon extract intake using a random-effects model that determined the standardized mean difference -LRB- -LSB- i.e. , Change 1 -LRB- control -RRB- - Change 2 -LRB- cinnamon -RRB- -RSB- divided by the pooled SD of the post scores -RRB- . Cinnamon intake , either as whole cinnamon or as cinnamon extract , results in a statistically significant lowering in FBG -LRB- -0.49 ± 0.2 mmol/L ; n = 8 , P = .025 -RRB- and intake of cinnamon extract only also lowered FBG -LRB- -0.48 mmol/L ± 0.17 ; n = 5 , P = .008 -RRB- . Thus cinnamon extract and/or cinnamon improves FBG in people with type 2 diabetes or prediabetes . To perform a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of cinnamon to better characterize its impact on glucose
The structure of inosine-5 ' - monophosphate dehydrogenase -LRB- IMPDH -RRB- in complex with IMP and mycophenolic acid -LRB- MPA -RRB- has been determined by X-ray diffraction . IMPDH plays a central role in B and T lymphocyte replication . MPA is a potent IMPDH inhibitor and the active metabolite of an immunosuppressive drug recently approved for the treatment of allograft rejection . IMPDH comprises two domains : a core domain , which is an alpha/beta barrel and contains the active site , and a flanking domain . Adenosine deaminase deficiency impairs the function of both B - and T-lymphocytes whereas in purine nucleoside -LRB- inosine -RRB- phosphorylase deficiency there is more severe impairment of T-lymphocyte functions than of B-lymphocyte functions . The relative unimportance of the salvage pathway catalysed by hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase is shown by the normal responses of T-lymphocytes from patients with the Lesch-Nyhan syndrome to antigenic and mitogenic stimulation . A mild deficiency of B-lymphocyte function is found in these patients . Agents inhibiting the de novo pathway of purine synthesis , including azaserine , 6-mercaptopurine and azathioprine in low doses , block the responses of normal human lymphocytes to mitogenic stimulation . These observations emphasize the importance of the de novo pathway of purine synthesis in lymphocyte responses to antigenic and mitogenic stimulation . There is considerable heterogeneity in the amount of labelled uridine incorporated into human and rat lymphocytes . This does not appear to reflect only a difference between T - and B-lymphocytes
Gastrointestinal -LRB- GI -RRB- symptoms are frequently reported in children with Autism Spectrum Disorder -LRB- ASD -RRB- , and an impact of GI comorbidity on ASD behavioral problems has been hypothesized . To explore the type and the prevalence of GI symptoms in ASD patients and typical development -LRB- TD -RRB- controls , and to investigate their possible association with behavioral problems . A total of 230 preschoolers were included in this study . Specifically , four groups of children were evaluated : ASD individuals suffering from GI symptoms -LRB- ASD/GI + -RRB- , ASD subjects without GI symptoms -LRB- ASD/GI - -RRB- , TD peers with -LRB- TD/GI + -RRB- and without -LRB- TD/GI - -RRB- GI symptoms . Parental report of behavioral problems and GI symptoms were assessed through the Child Behavior Check List 1 1/2 -5 . A significant higher percentage of ASD -LRB- 37.4 % -RRB- versus TD -LRB- 14.8 % -RRB- with GI symptoms was observed . ` Constipated ' and ` Not-Eat ' were the most frequent GI symptoms both in ASD and in TD groups , but they were evaluated as more severe in ASD patients . ASD/GI + children had more anxiety problems , somatic complaints , externalizing and total problems than ASD/GI - individuals . Development of evidence-based guidelines for identification of GI problems in ASD preschoolers is warranted . GI symptomatology should be accurately assessed , especially in ASD children with anxiety and/or externalizing behavioral problems . A high prevalence of a variety of gastrointestinal -LRB- GI -RRB- symptoms is frequently reported in patients with Autism Spectrum Disorders -LRB- ASD -RRB- . The GI disturbances in ASD might be linked to gut dysbiosis representing the observable phenotype of a `` gut-brain axis '' disruption . The aim of this randomized controlled trial is to determine the effects of supplementation with a probiotic mixture -LRB- Vivomixx ® -RRB- in ASD children not only on specific GI symptoms , but also on the core deficits of the disorder , on cognitive and language development , and on brain function and connectivity . An ancillary aim is to evaluate possible effects of probiotic supplementation on urinary concentrations of phthalates -LRB- chemical pollutants -RRB- which have been previously linked to ASD . A group of 100 preschoolers with ASD will be classified as belonging to a GI group or to a Non-GI -LRB- NGI -RRB- group on the basis of a symptom severity index specific to GI disorders . In order to obtain four arms , subjects belonging to the two groups -LRB- GI and NGI -RRB- will be blind randomized 1:1 to regular diet with probiotics or with placebo for 6 months . All participants will be assessed at baseline , after three months and after six months from baseline in order to evaluate the possible changes in : -LRB- 1 -RRB- GI symptoms ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- autism symptoms severity ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- affective and behavioral comorbid symptoms ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- plasmatic , urinary and fecal biomarkers related to abnormal intestinal function ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- neurophysiological patterns . The effects of treatments with probiotics on children with ASD need to be evaluated through rigorous controlled trials . Examining the impact of probiotics not only on clinical but also on neurophysiological patterns , the current trial sets out to provide new insights into the gut-brain connection in ASD patients . Moreover , results could add information to the relationship between phthalates levels , clinical features and neurophysiological patterns in ASD . ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier : NCT02708901 . Retrospectively registered : March 4 , 2016 . This study investigated the prevalence and type of gastrointestinal -LRB- GI -RRB- and food selectivity -LRB- FS -RRB- symptoms in 163 preschoolers with ASD , and their possible links with core ASD features and emotional/behavioural problems . 40.5 % of children with ASD had at least one severe GI symptom or FS . Preschoolers with and without GI symptoms and with and without FS were significantly different on several emotional/behavioural problems and restrictive/repetitive behaviours , whereas they did not differ significantly on performance IQ and autistic severity . The GI plus FS group presented with Sleep Problems , Self-injurious Behaviors and Anxiety Problems . Results indicated the need for early identification of GI disturbances and FS in order to design tailored intervention for these symptoms frequently associated to challenging behaviours in ASD .
<b> <i> Background : </i> </b> An ENDO-European Reference Network -LRB- ERN -RRB- initiative was launched that was endorsed by the European Society for Pediatric Endocrinology and the European Society for Endocrinology with 22 participants from the ENDO-ERN and the two societies . The aim was to update the practice guidelines for the diagnosis and management of congenital hypothyroidism -LRB- CH -RRB- . A systematic literature search was conducted to identify key articles on neonatal screening , diagnosis , and management of primary and central CH . The evidence-based guidelines were graded with the Grading of Recommendations , Assessment , Development and Evaluation system , describing both the strength of recommendations and the quality of evidence . In the absence of sufficient evidence , conclusions were based on expert opinion . <b> <i> Summary : </i> </b> The recommendations include the various neonatal screening approaches for CH as well as the etiology -LRB- also genetics -RRB- , diagnostics , treatment , and prognosis of both primary and central CH . When CH is diagnosed , the expert panel recommends the immediate start of correctly dosed levothyroxine treatment and frequent follow-up including laboratory testing to keep thyroid hormone levels in their target ranges , timely assessment of the need to continue treatment , attention for neurodevelopment and neurosensory functions , and , if necessary , consulting other health professionals , and education of the child and family about CH . Harmonization of diagnostics , treatment , and follow-up will optimize patient outcomes . Lastly , all individuals with CH are entitled to a well-planned transition of care from pediatrics to adult medicine . <b> <i> Conclusions : </i> </b> This consensus guidelines update should be used to further optimize detection , diagnosis , treatment , and follow-up of children with all forms of CH in the light of the most recent evidence . It should be helpful in convincing health authorities of the benefits of neonatal screening for CH . Further epidemiological and experimental studies are needed to understand the increased incidence of this condition . Thyroid disease in pregnancy is a common clinical problem . Since the guidelines for the management of these disorders by the American Thyroid Association -LRB- ATA -RRB- were first published in 2011 , significant clinical and scientific advances have occurred in the field . The specific clinical questions addressed in these guidelines were based on prior versions of the guidelines , stakeholder input , and input of task force members . Task force panel members were educated on knowledge synthesis methods , including electronic database searching , review and selection of relevant citations , and critical appraisal of selected studies . Published English language articles were eligible for inclusion . The American College of Physicians Guideline Grading System was used for critical appraisal of evidence and grading strength of recommendations . Competing interests of guideline task force members were regularly updated , managed , and communicated to the ATA and task force members . The revised guidelines for the management of thyroid disease in pregnancy include recommendations regarding the interpretation of thyroid function tests in pregnancy , iodine nutrition , thyroid autoantibodies and pregnancy complications , thyroid considerations in infertile women , hypothyroidism in pregnancy , thyrotoxicosis in pregnancy , thyroid nodules and cancer in pregnant women , fetal and neonatal considerations , thyroid disease and lactation , screening for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy , and directions for future research . We have developed evidence-based recommendations to inform clinical decision-making in the management of thyroid disease in pregnant and postpartum women . While all care must be individualized , such recommendations provide , in our opinion , optimal care paradigms for patients with these disorders . Unrecognized congenital hypothyroidism leads to mental retardation . Newborn screening and thyroid therapy started within 2 weeks of age can normalize cognitive development . The primary thyroid-stimulating hormone screening has become standard in many parts of the world . However , newborn thyroid screening is not yet universal in some countries . Initial dosage of 10 to 15 microg/kg levothyroxine is recommended . The goals of thyroid hormone therapy should be to maintain frequent evaluations of total thyroxine or free thyroxine in the upper half of the reference range during the first 3 years of life and to normalize the serum thyroid-stimulating hormone concentration to ensure optimal thyroid hormone dosage and compliance . Improvements in screening and therapy have led to improved developmental outcomes in adults with congenital hypothyroidism who are now in their 20s and 30s . Thyroid hormone regimens used today are more aggressive in targeting early correction of thyroid-stimulating hormone than were those used 20 or even 10 years ago . Thus , newborn infants with congenital hypothyroidism today may have an even better intellectual and neurologic prognosis . Efforts are ongoing to establish the optimal therapy that leads to maximum potential for normal development for infants with congenital hypothyroidism . Remaining controversy centers on infants whose abnormality in neonatal thyroid function is transient or mild and on optimal care of very low birth weight or preterm infants . Of note , thyroid-stimulating hormone is not elevated in central hypothyroidism . An algorithm is proposed for diagnosis and management . Physicians must not relinquish their clinical judgment and experience in the face of normal newborn thyroid test results . Hypothyroidism can be acquired after the newborn screening . When clinical symptoms and signs suggest hypothyroidism , regardless of newborn screening results , serum free thyroxine and thyroid-stimulating hormone determinations should be performed .
Trigonella foenum-graecum -LRB- fenugreek -RRB- seeds have been documented as a traditional plant treatment for diabetes . In the present study , the antidiabetic properties of a soluble dietary fibre -LRB- SDF -RRB- fraction of T. foenum-graecum were evaluated . Administration of SDF fraction -LRB- 0 x 5 g/kg body weight -RRB- to normal , type 1 or type 2 diabetic rats significantly improved oral glucose tolerance . Total remaining unabsorbed sucrose in the gastrointestinal tract of non-diabetic and type 2 diabetic rats , following oral sucrose loading -LRB- 2 x 5 g/kg body weight -RRB- was significantly increased by T. foenum-graecum -LRB- 0 x 5 g/kg body weight -RRB- . The SDF fraction suppressed the elevation of blood glucose after oral sucrose ingestion in both non-diabetic and type 2 diabetic rats . Serum insulin and insulin secretion were not affected by the SDF fraction . Glucose transport in 3T3-L1 adipocytes and insulin action were increased by T. foenum-graecum . The present findings indicate that the SDF fraction of T. foenum-graecum seeds exerts antidiabetic effects mediated through inhibition of carbohydrate digestion and absorption , and enhancement of peripheral insulin action .
The etiology of eosinophilic esophagitis -LRB- EoE -RRB- is not well understood . It has been proposed that eosinophils migrate to the esophagus in response to various ingested and inhaled allergens . Recent reports in children found an increased proportion of cases of EoE during months with higher outdoor aeroallergens . To our knowledge , this has not been evaluated in adults . We aimed to determine whether there is a seasonal distribution in the number of newly diagnosed cases of EoE in an adult population . We conducted a retrospective review of consecutive adult cases newly diagnosed with EoE in 1 year . Cases were grouped based on the index month when the diagnosis was made at endoscopy . To test the consistency of the observations , a second cohort of consecutive cases of similar sample size diagnosed at a different period in time was also analyzed . In total , 41 patients were diagnosed with EoE at our center during the study period , providing an annual prevalence of 0.98 % . More cases were diagnosed with EoE during the months of April and May than any other month -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . When patients were grouped seasonally , there was a significant increase of EoE cases in spring and summer months -LRB- n = 28 -RRB- when compared with the fall and winter months -LRB- n = 13 -RRB- -LRB- P = 0.019 -RRB- . Analysis of the second cohort of cases -LRB- n = 37 -RRB- from 2002 to 2006 confirmed a similar seasonal diagnostic pattern for EoE during the outdoor seasons . Our data demonstrate that EoE has a seasonal prevalence in adults . The seasonal variation pattern found in newly diagnosed EoE cases in adults supports the potential role of aeroallergens in the pathogenesis of EoE . Eosinophil infiltration into the esophagus is observed in diverse diseases including gastroesophageal reflux and allergic gastroenteritis , but the processes involved are largely unknown . We now report an original model of experimental esophagitis induced by exposure of mice to respiratory allergen . Allergen-challenged mice develop marked levels of esophageal eosinophils , free eosinophil granules , and epithelial cell hyperplasia , features that mimic the human disorders . Interestingly , exposure of mice to oral or intragastric allergen does not promote eosinophilic esophagitis , indicating that hypersensitivity in the esophagus occurs with simultaneous development of pulmonary inflammation . Furthermore , in the absence of eotaxin , eosinophil recruitment is attenuated , whereas in the absence of IL-5 , eosinophil accumulation and epithelial hyperplasia are ablated . These results establish a pathophysiological connection between allergic hypersensitivity responses in the lung and esophagus and demonstrate an etiologic role for inhaled allergens and eosinophils in gastrointestinal inflammation . The oesophagus is normally devoid of eosinophils . There are some disorders accompanying with eosinophil infiltration . Food allergy has been reported as a common reason , especially in children but some other studies have also indicated that aeroallergens might have a role in oesophageal eosinophil accumulation . Thirty-eight symptomatic patients -LRB- allergic rhinitis -LRB- AR -RRB- with or without asthma -RRB- who had sensitization to grass pollen were included in the study during the pollen season . Reflux was excluded in allergic and non-atopic groups , whereas the presence of allergy was eliminated in control groups . Gastrointestinal endoscopy was performed in all participants , and biopsy specimens were taken from both the proximal and the distal oesophagus to evaluate eosinophil accumulation . At the same time , blood eosinophil numbers were counted . Results Oesophageal eosinophil accumulation was found in 10 allergic patients -LRB- 26 % -RRB- and in five patients -LRB- 21 % -RRB- with gastro-oesophageal reflux disease but none of the healthy controls had eosinophils -LRB- 0 % -RRB- -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . Blood eosinophils were higher in these 10 patients than the rest of the 28 patients without infiltration . In this group , blood eosinophils were also correlated with the number of accumulated eosinophils in the oesophagus -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . There was more intense eosinophil infiltration at the distal part of the oesophagus in the reflux group when compared with the allergic group -LRB- mean 7.6 + / -5.6 vs. 3.2 + / -3.7 -RRB- . Nevertheless , eosinophils were found to be concentrated -LRB- mean 5.5 + / -7.3 -RRB- in the proximal oesophagus of allergic patients , although it was 1.7 + / -1.5 in reflux patients -LRB- P > 0.05 -RRB- . Conclusion Our results showed that eosinophil infiltration might be observed in oesophageal tissue of patients with respiratory tract allergy during the symptomatic period . This finding may possibly reflect the systemic and common mucosal aspects of allergic inflammation .
With increases in use of regional anesthesia , local anesthetic systemic toxicity -LRB- LAST -RRB- has been a topic of interest and debate . Despite many years of research , the exact cause and best treatment of LAST -LRB- particularly local anesthetic cardiotoxicity -RRB- remain unclear . This review will summarize what is known and what remains uncertain about LAST and its treatment , including information published in the past 12-18 months . Several authorities , including the American Society of Regional Anesthesia and Pain Medicine , have published guidelines on prevention and treatment of LAST . Experimental data continue to add to better understanding of LAST and its treatment . The data are not entirely consistent , but themes include continued evidence to support the ideas that LAST cardiotoxicity occurs primarily at sodium channels , lipid emulsion is a reasonably well tolerated and effective treatment , and there may be qualitative differences in cardiotoxicity caused by low and high-potency local anesthetics . Regarding mechanism -LRB- s -RRB- of LAST , the evidence remains mixed , but it is likely that local anesthetic cardiotoxicity primarily arises from a blockade of sodium channels . As for treatment , in addition to ventilation , oxygenation , and chest compressions , lipid emulsion therapy should be a primary element in the treatment of cardiovascular LAST . The use of epinephrine and vasopressin should be tailored to specifics of an episode of LAST , and doses should be kept as low as possible while still achieving the desired effects . Laser-assisted drug delivery -LRB- LAD -RRB- has the potential for facilitating topical anesthesia with reduced onset time . In this randomized , double-blind , crossover study we compared the efficacy and adverse event profile of LAD for topical anesthesia before venipuncture using two output energies -LRB- 2.0 and 3.5 J/cm2 -RRB- . Mean Visual Analog Scale pain scores were not statistically different -LRB- P = 0.57 -RRB- between the low-energy -LRB- mean = 6.7 -RRB- and high-energy -LRB- mean = 8.1 -RRB- lasers . LAD at an energy of 2.0 J/cm2 -LRB- 570 mJ -RRB- is as effective , with similar adverse events , as an energy of 3.5 J/cm2 -LRB- 1000 mJ -RRB- in facilitating topical anesthesia . To determine whether pretreatment of skin with erbium : YAG -LRB- Er : YAG -RRB- laser-assisted delivery facilitates the penetration of lidocaine cream to provide anesthesia suitable for needlesticks after just 5 minutes . Trial 1 was a double-blind randomized controlled trial , whereas trial 2 was a nonblinded randomized controlled trial . The study was conducted in 2 facilities , an academic and a private clinical research unit . A total of 320 healthy volunteers , aged 18 to 65 years and of any Fitzpatrick skin phototype . Trial 1 involved an Er : YAG laser pretreatment to disrupt the stratum corneum followed by an application of 4 % lidocaine cream on one arm , and a laser pretreatment plus placebo on the other arm . Trial 2 involved an application of 4 % lidocaine cream alone on one arm , and a laser pretreatment followed by an application of 4 % lidocaine cream on the other arm . Self-reported pain perception on a 100-mm visual analog scale after quick insertion and removal of a 25-gauge hypodermic needle on the treatment sites . Data from the 2 trials showed that there was a 62 % pain reduction with laser pretreatment plus lidocaine compared with laser pretreatment plus placebo , and a 61 % pain reduction with laser pretreatment plus lidocaine , compared with lidocaine alone . The decrease in pain in both trials was statistically significant -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . Adverse events reported 48 hours after treatment were few and mild . Treatment with the Er : YAG laser followed by lidocaine cream is a safe , effective , and efficient means of inducing skin anesthesia that significantly reduces the pain of hypodermic needle insertion . It is hypothesized that ablation of the stratum corneum layer using a low energy Erbium -LRB- Er -RRB- : YAG laser would allow rapid local anesthesia from a lidocaine product . Eighty volunteers participated in a placebo-controlled , double blind , cross-over study employing the Norwood-Abbey -LRB- Chelsea Heights , Victoria , Australia -RRB- laser anesthesia device -LRB- LAD -RRB- and two lidocaine preparations . Upper-arm skin ablation was followed by a 5-minute application of study treatment . Pain scores were registered immediately following a needle insertion . Comparing the combined lidocaine preparations to placebo , there was a statistically significant reduction in pain when the LAD was employed -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . The median pain reduction for lidocaine was 51.3 % -LRB- 95 % CI = -LSB- 40.9 , 76.1 -RSB- -RRB- . Use of the low energy Er : YAG LAD device in combination with a 5-minute application of lidocaine significantly reduced the pain associated with a needle insertion . Photodynamic therapy -LRB- PDT -RRB- with methyl aminolaevulinate -LRB- MAL -RRB- is effective for thin actinic keratoses -LRB- AKs -RRB- in field-cancerized skin . Ablative fractional laser resurfacing -LRB- AFXL -RRB- creates vertical channels that facilitate MAL uptake and may improve PDT efficacy . To evaluate efficacy and safety of AFXL-assisted PDT -LRB- AFXL-PDT -RRB- compared with conventional PDT in field-directed treatment of AK . Fifteen patients with a total of 212 AKs -LRB- severity grade I-III -RRB- in field-cancerized skin of the face and scalp were randomized to one treatment with PDT and one treatment with AFXL-PDT in two symmetrical areas . Following curettage of both treatment areas , AFXL was applied to one area using 10 mJ per pulse , 0 · 12 mm spot , 5 % density , single pulse -LRB- UltraPulse -LRB- ® -RRB- , DeepFx handpiece ; Lumenis Inc. , Santa Clara , CA , U.S.A. -RRB- . MAL cream was then applied under occlusion for 3 h and illuminated with red light-emitting diode light at
The authors used the American Society of Anesthesiologists Closed Claims Project database to determine changes in the proportion of claims for death or permanent brain damage over a 26-yr period and to identify factors associated with the observed changes . The Closed Claims Project is a structured evaluation of adverse outcomes from 6,894 closed anesthesia malpractice claims . Trends in the proportion of claims for death or permanent brain damage between 1975 and 2000 were analyzed . Claims for death or brain damage decreased between 1975 and 2000 -LRB- odds ratio , 0.95 per year ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.94-0.96 ; P < 0.01 -RRB- . The overall downward trend did not seem to be affected by the use of pulse oximetry and end-tidal carbon dioxide monitoring , which began in 1986 . The use of these monitors increased from 6 % in 1985 to 70 % in 1989 , and thereafter varied from 63 % to 83 % through the year 2000 . During 1986-2000 , respiratory damaging events decreased while cardiovascular damaging events increased , so that by 1992 , respiratory and cardiovascular damaging events occurred in approximately the same proportion -LRB- 28 % -RRB- , a trend that continued through 2000 . The significant decrease in the proportion of claims for death or permanent brain damage from 1975 through 2000 seems to be unrelated to a marked increase in the proportion of claims where pulse oximetry and end-tidal carbon dioxide monitoring were used . After the introduction and use of these monitors , there was a significant reduction in the proportion of respiratory and an increase in the proportion of cardiovascular damaging events responsible for death or permanent brain damage . Maintenance of airway patency and oxygenation are the main objectives of face-mask ventilation . Because the incidence of difficult mask ventilation -LRB- DMV -RRB- and the factors associated with it are not well known , we undertook this prospective study . Difficult mask ventilation was defined as the inability of an unassisted anesthesiologist to maintain the measured oxygen saturation as measured by pulse oximetry > 92 % or to prevent or reverse signs of inadequate ventilation during positive-pressure mask ventilation under general anesthesia . A univariate analysis was performed to identify potential factors predicting DMV , followed by a multivariate analysis , and odds ratio and 95 % confidence interval were calculated . A total of 1,502 patients were prospectively included . DMV was reported in 75 patients -LRB- 5 % ; 95 % confidence interval , 3.9-6.1 % -RRB- , with one case of impossible ventilation . DMV was anticipated by the anesthesiologist in only 13 patients -LRB- 17 % of the DMV cases -RRB- . Body mass index , age , macroglossia , beard , lack of teeth , history of snoring , increased Mallampati grade , and lower thyromental distance were identified in the univariate analysis as potential DMV risk factors . Using a multivariate analysis , five criteria were recognized as independent factors for a DMV -LRB- age older than 55 yr , body mass index > 26 kg/m2 , beard , lack of teeth , history of snoring -RRB- , the presence of two indicating high likelihood of DMV -LRB- sensitivity , 0.72 ; specificity , 0.73 -RRB- . In a general adult population , DMV was reported in 5 % of the patients . A simple DMV risk score was established . Being able to more accurately predict DMV may improve the safety of airway management . We discuss the relevance of finding a patient 's lungs difficult to ventilate by facemask during the course of anaesthetic induction . In particular , we discuss the issue of whether it is advisable or unnecessary to check the ability to ventilate by facemask before administering a neuromuscular blocking agent . In the light of advances in supraglottic airway technology it has become possible to insert these devices very soon after induction and in a wider variety of patients . Similarly , the development of videolaryngoscopes and rapidly acting drugs such as rocuronium have raised the possibility of earlier , and possibly more successful , tracheal intubation , with the potential result that mask ventilation becomes redundant . However , we conclude by reaffirming its value in airway management strategies . The patient with difficult airways is a common challenge for emergency physicians . Our goal was to study the reasons for difficult airways in the emergency department . We performed a prospective observational study of patients requiring advanced airway management from 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2006 . There were 2,343 patients who received advanced airway management of which 93 -LRB- 4.0 % -RRB- were deemed difficult . The main diagnoses were cardiac arrest -LRB- 28 -RRB- , trauma -LRB- 27 -RRB- and congestive heart failure -LRB- 10 -RRB- . The main reasons for the difficult airways were attributed to an anterior larynx -LRB- 38 , 40.9 % -RRB- , neck immobility -LRB- 22 , 23.7 % -RRB- as well as the presence of secretions and blood -LRB- 14 , 15.1 % -RRB- . The mean number of attempts at intubation was 3.6 versus 1.2 for all cases . The mortality rate of 40.5 % among patients with difficult airways was not different from that of all patients who had airway management -LRB- 41 % -RRB- . There were seven -LRB- 0.3 % -RRB- failed airways . Anaesthetists performed 21 -LRB- 22.6 % -RRB- of the rescue airways while surgeons performed 5 -LRB- 5.4 % -RRB- . Of the rescue strategies performed , 24 were through the use of the bougie , 3 by cricothyroidotomy , 4 by tracheostomy , 6 with the GlideScope and 3 with the laryngeal mask airway . The rest the airways were secured by tracheal intubation using the laryngoscope . Emergency physicians manage most of the difficult airways successfully -LRB- 68.8 % -RRB- . However , the success rate can be further improved through
In a previous version of the present review , we found that tranexamic acid may reduce mortality . This review includes updated searches and new trials.Objectives To assess the effects of tranexamic acid versus no intervention , placebo or other antiulcer drugs for upper gastrointestinal bleeding.Search methods We updated the review by performing electronic database searches -LRB- Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials -LRB- CENTRAL -RRB- , MEDLINE , EMBASE , Science Citation Index -RRB- and manual searches in July 2014 . Selection criteriaRandomised controlled trials , irrespective of language or publication status.Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures of the The Cochrane Collaboration . All-cause mortality , bleeding and adverse events were the primary outcome measures . We performed fixed-effect and random-effects model meta-analyses and presented results as risk ratios -LRB- RRs -RRB- with 95 % confidence intervals -LRB- CIs -RRB- and used I ² as a measure of between-trial heterogeneity . We analysed tranexamic acid versus placebo or no intervention and tranexamic acid versus antiulcer drugs separately . Additionally , we identified one large ongoing pragmatic randomised controlled trial from which data are not yet available . Two trials also included a control group randomly assigned to antiulcer drugs -LRB- lansoprazole or cimetidine -RRB- . The included studies were published from 1973 to 2011 . The number of participants randomly assigned ranged from 47 to 216 -LRB- median 204 -RRB- . All trials reported mortality . In total , 42 of 851 participants randomly assigned to tranexamic acid and 71 of 850 in the control group died -LRB- RR 0.60 , 95 % CI 0.42 to 0.87 ; P value 0.007 ; I ² = 0 % -RRB- . The analysis was not confirmed when all participants in the intervention group with missing outcome data were included as treatment failures , or when the analysis was limited to trials with low risk of attrition bias . Rebleeding was diagnosed for 117 of 826 participants in the tranexamic acid group and for 146 of 825 participants in the control group -LRB- RR 0.80 , 95 % CI 0.64 to 1.00 ; P value 0.07 ; I ² = 49 % -RRB- . We were able to evaluate the risk of serious adverse events on the basis of only four trials . Our analyses showed ` no evidence of a difference between tranexamic acid and control interventions regarding the risk of thromboembolic events . ' Tranexamic acid appeared to reduce the risk of surgery ina fixed-effect meta-analysis -LRB- RR 0.73 , 95 % CI 0.56 to 0.95 -RRB- , but this result was no longer statistically significant in a random-effects meta-analysis -LRB- RR 0.61 , 95 % CI 0.35 to 1.04 ; P value 0.07 -RRB- . No difference was apparent between tranexamic acid and placebo in the assessment of transfusion -LRB- RR 1.02 , 95 % CI 0.94 to 1.11 ; I ² = 0 % -RRB- , and meta-analyses that compared tranexamic acid versus antiulcer drugs did not identify beneficial or detrimental effects of tranexamic acid for any of the outcomes assessed.Authors ' conclusions This review found that tranexamic acid appears to have a beneficial effect on mortality , but a high dropout rate in some trials means that we can not be sure of this until the findings of additional research are published . At the time of this update in 2014 , one large study -LRB- 8000 participants -RRB- is in progress , so this review will be much more informative in a few years . Further examination of tranexamic acid would require inclusion of high-quality randomised controlled trials . Timing of randomisation is essential to avoid attrition bias and to limit the number of withdrawals . Future trials may use a pragmatic design and should include all participants with suspected bleeding or with endoscopically verified bleeding , as well as a tranexamic placebo arm and co-administration of pump inhibitors and endoscopic therapy . Assessment of outcome measures in such studies should be clearly defined . Endoscopic examination with appropriate control of severe bleeding should be performed , as should endoscopic verification of clinically significant rebleeding . In addition , clinical measures of rebleeding should be included . Other important outcome measures include mortality -LRB- 30-day or in-hospital -RRB- , need for emergency surgery or blood transfusion and adverse events -LRB- major or minor -RRB- .
To determine the sound environment of preterm infants cared for in the NICU and to test the hypothesis that infants exposed to more adult language will make more vocalizations . This was a prospective cohort study of 36 infants who had a birth weight of ≤ 1250 g. Sixteen-hour recordings of the infant sound environment were made in the NICU from a digital language processor at 32 and 36 weeks ' postmenstrual age . Adult word counts , infant vocalizations , and conversational turns were analyzed . Infant vocalizations are present as early as 32 weeks . Both adult word counts per hour and infant vocalizations per hour increase significantly between 32 and 36 weeks . Infant exposure to language as a percentage of time was small but increased significantly . When a parent was present , infants had significantly more conversational turns per hour than when a parent was not present at both 32 and 36 weeks -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- . Preterm infants begin to make vocalizations at least 8 weeks before their projected due date and significantly increase their number of vocalizations over time . Although infant exposure to language increased over time , adult language accounted for only a small percentage of the sounds to which an infant is exposed in the NICU . Exposure to parental talk was a significantly stronger predictor of infant vocalizations at 32 weeks and conversational turns at 32 and 36 weeks than language from other adults . These findings highlight the powerful impact that parent talk has on the appearance and increment of vocalizations in preterm infants in the NICU . Examined the Ages and Stages Questionnaires -LRB- ASQ -RRB- , a series of 11 developmental questionnaires designed to be completed by parents and caregivers of young children from 4 to 48 months of age . The ASQ were recently revised and additional psychometric data were gathered . Analyses on over 7,000 questionnaires indicated high test-retest reliability , interobserver reliability , and internal consistency . Concurrent validity using standardized measures yielded on overall agreement of 85 % , with a range of 76-91 % . Specificity was high across questionnaire intervals while sensitivity was lower and varied across intervals . Use of parent-completed screening tools such as the ASQ is attractive in terms of cost-effectiveness , parental involvement , and flexibility in administration procedures . To examine the validity of the MacArthur-Bates Communicative Development Inventories -LRB- CDI -RRB- for measuring language abilities in children with profound hearing loss who are using cochlear implants . Twenty-four children with cochlear implants and their mothers participated in this study . Children ranged in age from 32 months to 86 months -LRB- the majority were 32 to 66 months old -RRB- . The number of months postimplantation ranged from 3 to 60 -LRB- the majority were around 24 months -RRB- . Mothers completed the CDI before behavioral testing . Behavioral measures included the Reynell Developmental Language Scales and measures of vocabulary and grammar from a spontaneous language sample . Both the Words and Gestures and the Words and Sentences forms of the CDI were shown to have excellent validity for this sample of children , if they had language that was in the range measured by the instrument . Correlations with behavioral measures ranged from .41 to .93 and were comparable to those reported for children with typical development . They may also be used to describe the language of children who are not at ceiling . Specific recommendations for interventionists are provided .
We retrospectively studied 18 consecutive cases of acyclovir-resistant zoster . All the patients had chronic skin lesions that failed to heal despite treatment with intravenous acyclovir -LRB- 30 mg / -LSB- kg.d -RSB- -RRB- in 15 cases and oral acyclovir -LRB- 4 g/d -RRB- in three cases for > 10 days . The mean CD4 + cell count was 20 x 10 -LRB- 6 -RRB- / L . The mean number of previous zoster episodes was 1.53 . Fifteen of the 16 patients evaluable for previous acyclovir treatment had received the drug . Thirteen patients were treated with intravenous foscarnet -LRB- 200 mg / -LSB- kg.d -RSB- -RRB- for a mean of 17.8 days . Complete healing was observed in 10 -LRB- 77 % -RRB- of the 13 treated patients . Zoster relapsed after cessation of foscarnet therapy in five of the 10 responding patients . Four patients died of varicella-zoster virus-associated visceral complications . These results show that acyclovir-resistant zoster has a poor prognosis but responds well to foscarnet therapy . Open-label study . Three university medical centers . Five patients with AIDS who were infected with thymidine-kinase-deficient or - altered strains of varicella-zoster virus . Foscarnet , 40 mg/kg body weight every 8 hours in 1-hour infusions for 10 or more days . Four patients had healing in response to foscarnet therapy , and each of four tested patients became culture negative for virus during foscarnet therapy . Results of fluorescent antigen testing remained positive during therapy in two patients ; one of these patients had concomitant clinical failure but the other patient healed fully . One patient had complete healing despite the emergence of resistance to foscarnet in serial specimens obtained during foscarnet therapy .
There are no national data on the extent of back problems in the population of the United States , but it is known that back symptoms is the second leading symptomatic reason expressed by patients for visiting physicians . To provide insight into the scope of this problem , data from the National Ambulatory Medical Care Surveys of 1977 and 1978 were examined using the sex of the patient and the physician 's degree -LRB- MD or DO -RRB- as control variables , and typical encounter characteristics as dependent variables . Males 45-64 years of age had the highest visit rate , and visit rates for men 15-64 years of age were higher than those of women the same age . Common diagnoses were sprains and strains , arthritis and rheumatism , displacement of intervertebral disc , and diseases of urinary tract , with men more likely than women to have injuries . DOs were more likely to treat accidental injuries than were MDs . It is recommended that differential diagnosis be taken into account before studying sex differences in complaints . Low back pain is an extremely common presenting complaint that occurs in upward of 80 % of persons . Treatment of an acute episode of back pain includes relative rest , activity modification , nonsteroidal anti-inflammatories , and physical therapy . Patient education is also imperative , as these patients are at risk for further future episodes of back pain . Chronic back pain -LRB- > 6 months ' duration -RRB- develops in a small percentage of patients . Clinicians ' ability to diagnose the exact pathologic source of these symptoms is severely limited , making a cure unlikely . Treatment of these patients should be supportive , the goal being to improve pain and function . The placebo effect of transcutaneous electrical stimulation was studied in 93 patients in a double-blind cross-over trial using a genuine stimulator and a placebo machine . Placebo analgesic effect occurred in 32 % of trials , as compared with 48 % for actual stimulation . The placebo effect of the transcutaneous electrical stimulator is similar to the placebo effect that is noted in other double-blind studies in which medications are used . Although high-frequency low-intensity transcutaneous electric nerve stimulation -LRB- TENS -RRB- has been extensively used to relieve low back pain , experimental studies of its effectiveness have yielded contradictory findings mainly due to methodological problems in pain evaluation and placebo control . In the present study , separate visual analog scales -LRB- VAS -RRB- were used to measure the sensory-discriminative and motivational-affective components of low back pain . Forty-two subjects were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups : TENS , placebo-TENS , and no treatment -LRB- control -RRB- . In order to measure the short-term effect of TENS , VAS pain ratings were taken before and after each treatment session . Also , to measure long-term effects , patients rated their pain at home every 2 h throughout a 3-day period before and 1 week , 3 months and 6 months after the treatment sessions . In comparing the pain evaluations made immediately before and after each treatment session , TENS and placebo-TENS significantly reduced both the intensity and unpleasantness of chronic low back pain . TENS was significantly more efficient than placebo-TENS in reducing pain intensity but not pain unpleasantness . TENS also produced a significant additive effect over repetitive treatment sessions for pain intensity and relative pain unpleasantness . This additive effect was not found for placebo-TENS . -LRB- ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS -RRB- Patients with acute low back pain may require emergency transport because of pain and immobilization . Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation -LRB- TENS -RRB- is a nonpharmaceutical therapy for patients with low back pain . To evaluate the efficacy of paramedic-administered TENS in patients with acute low back pain during emergency transport . This was a prospective , randomized study involving 74 patients transported to hospital . The patients were randomly assigned to two groups : group 1 -LRB- n = 36 -RRB- was treated with true TENS , while group 2 -LRB- n = 36 -RRB- was treated with sham TENS . The authors recorded pain and anxiety as the main outcome variables using a visual analog scale -LRB- VAS -RRB- . The authors recorded a significant -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- pain reduction -LRB- mean + / - standard deviation -RRB- during transport in group 1 -LRB- 79.2 + / - 6.5 mm VAS to 48.9 + / - 8.2 mm VAS -RRB- , whereas pain scores remained unchanged in group 2 -LRB- 75.9 + / - 16.4 mm VAS and 77.1 + / - 11.2 mm VAS -RRB- . Similarly , the scores for anxiety were significantly reduced -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- in group 1 -LRB- 81.7 + / - 7.9 mm VAS to 69.2 + / - 12.1 mm VAS -RRB- after treatment . No significant change was noted -LRB- 84.5 + / - 5.8 mm VAS and 83.5 + / - 8.9 mm VAS , respectively -RRB- in group 2 . TENS was found to be effective and rapid in reducing pain during emergency transport of patients with acute low back pain and should be considered due to its ease of use and lack of side effects in the study population .
This report presents final 2003 data on U.S. deaths ; death rates ; life expectancy ; infant and maternal mortality ; and trends by selected characteristics such as age , sex , Hispanic origin , race , marital status , educational attainment , injury at work , State of residence , and cause of death . A previous report presented preliminary mortality data for 2003 and summarized key findings in the final data for 2003 . This report presents descriptive tabulations of information reported on death certificates , which are completed by funeral directors , attending physicians , medical examiners , and coroners . The original records are filed in the State registration offices . Statistical information is compiled into a national database through the Vital Statistics Cooperative Program of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's , National Center for Health Statistics -LRB- NCHS -RRB- . Causes of death are processed in accordance with the International Classification of Diseases , Tenth Revision -LRB- ICD-10 -RRB- . In 2003 , a total of 2,448,288 deaths were reported in the United States . The age-adjusted death rate was 832.7 deaths per 100,000 standard population , representing a decrease of 1.5 percent from the 2002 rate and a record low historical figure . Life expectancy at birth rose by 0.2 years to a record high of 77.5 years . Considering all deaths , age-specific death rates rose only for those 45-54 years and declined for the age groups 55-64 years , 65-74 years , 75-84 years , and 85 years and over . For the most part , the 15 leading causes of death in 2003 remained the same as in 2002 . Heart disease and cancer continued to be the leading and second leading causes of death , together accounting for over half of all deaths . Homicide became the 15th leading cause in 2003 , dropping from the 14th leading cause in 2002 . Pneumonitis dropped out of the top 15 altogether , and Parkinson 's disease entered the list as the 14th leading cause of death . The infant mortality rate in 2003 was 6.85 per 1,000 births . Generally , mortality patterns in 2003 were consistent with long-term trends . The age-adjusted death rate declined to a record low historical figure . The infant mortality rate decreased significantly in 2003 ; except for 2002 , it either decreased or remained level each successive year from 1958 to 2003 . The effectiveness of monoamine oxidase inhibitors -LRB- MAOIs -RRB- in tricyclic resistant depression has received surprisingly little systematic study . Patients who failed to respond to sustained , adequate treatment with the tricyclic imipramine -LRB- mean maximum dosage = 260 mg/day -RRB- and interpersonal psychotherapy were withdrawn from imipramine and treated in a standardized , but open-label 6-week trial with either phenelzine -LRB- N = 4 ; 60 mg/day -RRB- or tranylcypromine -LRB- N = 36 ; mean = 38.5 mg/day -RRB- and continued interpersonal psychotherapy . Forty of 42 patients -LRB- 95 % -RRB- completed the trial , of whom 23 -LRB- 58 % -RRB- responded to treatment . Highly significant improvement was documented on measures of depression , reversed neurovegetative symptoms , and somatic symptoms . Response was significantly correlated with severity of depression -LRB- pre-MAOI score on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression -RRB- , severity of a composite score of anergic and reversed neurovegetative features , and low levels of improvement during initial imipramine/interpersonal psychotherapy . Of patients who met criteria for proposed subforms of anergic or atypical depression , 67 % -LRB- 18/27 -RRB- responded -LRB- p less than .05 -RRB- ; 77 % -LRB- 17/22 -RRB- of patients who scored above the mean on the composite measure of anergic and reversed neurovegetative features responded -LRB- p less than .01 -RRB- . These findings provide strong evidence of the utility of MAOIs in tricyclic-resistant depression , especially in patients with features such as fatigue , volitional inhibition , motoric retardation , hypersomnia , and/or weight gain . The optimal drug schedule and sequencing of chemotherapy and radiation for organ preservation in head and neck cancer has yet to be determined . We undertook a phase II trial of a taxane-based induction chemotherapy -LRB- ICT -RRB- followed by a taxane-based concurrent chemoradiation -LRB- CCR -RRB- regimen in patients with resectable stage III or IV disease to determine the feasibility , toxicity , and overall efficacy . Forty-four patients with laryngeal or tongue base carcinomas were enrolled . All patients received 3 cycles of chemotherapy with paclitaxel 175 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- and carboplatin AUC -LRB- area under the curve -RRB- 6-7.5 over 30 minutes on days 1 , 22 , and 43 . Responding patients went on to receive radiation -LRB- 70 Gy/7 weeks -RRB- with cisplatin 75 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- IV on days 1 , 22 , and 43 and weekly paclitaxel 30 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- IV -LRB- n = 22 -RRB- . Because of hematologic toxicity , the concurrent regimen was changed to weekly carboplatin AUC 1 plus weekly paclitaxel 30 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- n = 22 -RRB- . Twenty-three patients with stage III and 21 patients with stage IV disease were enrolled . Median follow-up was 3.7 years . Acute toxicity of concurrent cisplatin and paclitaxel was excessive , with significant hematologic toxicity and 2 toxic deaths . Acute toxicities of concurrent carboplatin and paclitaxel were tolerable . No patients required permanent percutaneous gastrostomy tubes . The organ preservation rate was 83 % -LRB- toxic deaths considered failures -RRB- . Of 42 evaluable patients , 20 patients had complete responses -LRB- 48 % -RRB- , 17 partial responses -LRB- 41 % -RRB- , 3 minor responses -LRB- 11 % -RRB- , 1 stable disease -LRB- 2 % -RRB- , and 1 progressive disease -LRB- 2 % -RRB- . Two-year local control , relapse-free survival , and overall survival were 82 % , 77 % , and 71
The objective of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of shear wave elastography -LRB- SWE -RRB- , as a non-invasive means of assessing liver fibrosis stage in paediatric and adolescent patients . Consecutive paediatric and adolescent subjects scheduled for liver biopsy -LRB- LB -RRB- evaluation of known or suspected diffuse liver disease were included after informed guardian consent and subject assent in this IRB-approved single institution study . Elastograms were acquired prior to liver biopsy , from the liver under a breath-hold after normal inspiration when possible . Twenty-four patients -LRB- M : F = 13:11 -RRB- with a mean age of 17 years -LRB- range : 1-21 years -RRB- underwent liver biopsy . The distribution of fibrosis on pathological examination was : F0 = 10 , F1 = 9 , F2 = 1 , F3 = 3 , and F4 = 1 . Subjects with stages F0 and F1 fibrosis had a mean SWE value of 6.93 kPa -LRB- 95 % CI : 6.33-7.44 kPa -RRB- and 8.33 kPa -LRB- 95 % CI : 6.83-10.80 kPa -RRB- respectively . The correlation between SWE values and fibrosis grade was strong -LRB- r = 0.58 , P = 0.003 -RRB- , and the area under the ROC curve differentiatiang ≥ F2 fibrosis was 0.62 -LRB- 95 % CI : 0.26-0.98 -RRB- . Estimation of liver stiffness using real-time SWE is feasible using the SC6-1 ultrasound probe in paediatric and adolescent patients and strongly correlates with the stage of fibrosis .
To review the current literature and generate recommendations on the role of newer technology in the management of the unanticipated difficult airway . A literature search using key words and filters of English language and English abstracted publications from 1990-96 contained in the Medline , Current Contents and Biological Abstracts databases was carried out . The literature was reviewed and condensed and a series of evidence-based recommendations were evolved . The unanticipated difficult airway occurs with a low but consistent incidence in anaesthesia practice . Difficult direct laryngoscopy occurs in 1.5-8.5 % of general anaesthetics and difficult intubation occurs with a similar incidence . Failed intubation occurs in 0.13-0.3 % general anaesthetics . Current techniques for predicting difficulty with laryngoscopy and intubation are sensitive , non-specific and have a low positive predictive value . Assessment techniques which utilize multiple characteristics to derive a risk factor tend to be more accurate predictors . Devices such as the laryngeal mask , lighted stylet and rigid fibreoptic laryngoscopes , in the setting of unanticipated difficult airway , are effective in establishing a patient airway , may reduce morbidity and are occasionally lifesaving . Evidence supports their use in this setting as either alternatives to facemask and bag ventilation , when it is inadequate to support oxygenation , or to the direct laryngoscope , when tracheal intubation has failed . Specifically , the laryngeal mask and Combitube have proved to be effective in establishing and maintaining a patent airway in `` can not ventilate '' situations . The lighted stylet and Bullard -LRB- rigid -RRB- fibreoptic scope are effective in many instances where the direct laryngoscope has failed to facilitate tracheal intubation . The data also support integration of these devices into strategies to manage difficult airway as the new standard of care . Training programmes should ensure graduate physicians are trained in the use of these alternatives . Continuing medical education courses should allow physicians in practice the opportunity to train with these alternative devices . Several studies have identified difficult airway management including a difficult tracheal intubation of patients undergoing general anaesthesia as a major cause of anaesthesia-related morbidity and mortality . Therefore it is presumed that a difficult tracheal intubation is a surrogate marker for morbidity and mortality , and by reducing the prevalence of difficult tracheal intubation then morbidity and mortality will be reduced as well . From the Danish Anaesthesia Database -LRB- DAD -RRB- , we retrieved a cohort of consecutive patients planned and attempted for tracheal intubation by direct laryngoscopy . Based upon various data including an intubation score registered in the database , we aimed to evaluate four different parameters , ` Obesity ' , ` avoidance of neuromuscular blocking agents ' , ` a previous difficult tracheal intubation ' and ` the modified Mallampati-score ' , as possible risk factors for a difficult tracheal intubation . All of these risk factors were statistically associated with a difficult tracheal intubation , but the clinical significance varied substantially . However , neither ` obesity ' , ` the modified Mallampati-score ' nor ` a previous difficult tracheal intubation ' were sufficient as stand-alone tests for prediction of difficult tracheal intubation . In multivariate analyses the impact of obesity on the risk of difficult tracheal intubation seems weak , while both ` the modified Mallampati-score ' and ` a previous difficult tracheal intubation ' demonstrated to be clinically strong risk factors for difficult tracheal intubation . The evaluation of ` avoidance of neuromuscular blocking agents ' as a risk factor differ substantially from the other assessments , as it concerns the impact of an intervention rather than of a patient-related risk factor for difficult tracheal intubation . In our assessment , ` avoiding neuromuscular blocking agents ' was demonstrated as a possible risk factor for difficult and abandoned tracheal intubation independent of other risk factors recorded in the DAD . Several previous studies have failed to present specific risk factors that could identify difficult intubation or laryngoscopy by itself . Therefore it seems rational to focus on the development , testing and modification of multivariate models from large scale cohort studies , hereby making the prognostication operational in everyday clinical practice . From there the challenge may be to test the effectiveness of the use of such a model in order to evaluate whether it actually has the capability to reduce difficult tracheal intubation , complications , and mortality . It seems that such a trial should and could be conducted as a cluster randomized trial of anaesthesia departments within the framework of the DAD . The purpose of this study was to identify the patterns of liability associated with malpractice claims arising from management of the difficult airway . Using the American Society of Anesthesiologists Closed Claims database , the authors examined 179 claims for difficult airway management between 1985 and 1999 where a supplemental data collection tool was used and focused on airway management , outcomes , and the role of the 1993 Difficult Airway Guidelines in litigation . Chi-square tests and multiple logistic regression analysis compared risk factors for death or brain damage -LRB- death/BD -RRB- from two time periods : 1985-1992 and 1993-1999 . Difficult airway claims arose throughout the perioperative period : 67 % upon induction , 15 % during surgery , 12 % at extubation , and 5 % during recovery . Death/BD with induction of anesthesia decreased in 1993-1999 -LRB- 35 % -RRB- compared with 1985-1992 -LRB- 62 % ; P < 0.05 ; odds ratio , 0.26 ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.11-0.63 ; P = 0.003 -RRB- . In contrast , death/BD associated with other phases of anesthesia did not significantly change over the time periods . The odds of death/BD were increased by the development of an airway emergency -LRB- odds ratio , 14.98 ; 95 % confidence interval , 6.37-35.27 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . During airway emergencies , persistent intubation attempts were associated with death/BD
A recent cluster of pneumonia cases in Wuhan , China , was caused by a novel betacoronavirus , the 2019 novel coronavirus -LRB- 2019-nCoV -RRB- . We report the epidemiological , clinical , laboratory , and radiological characteristics and treatment and clinical outcomes of these patients . All patients with suspected 2019-nCoV were admitted to a designated hospital in Wuhan . We prospectively collected and analysed data on patients with laboratory-confirmed 2019-nCoV infection by real-time RT-PCR and next-generation sequencing . Data were obtained with standardised data collection forms shared by WHO and the International Severe Acute Respiratory and Emerging Infection Consortium from electronic medical records . Researchers also directly communicated with patients or their families to ascertain epidemiological and symptom data . Outcomes were also compared between patients who had been admitted to the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- and those who had not . By Jan 2 , 2020 , 41 admitted hospital patients had been identified as having laboratory-confirmed 2019-nCoV infection . Most of the infected patients were men -LRB- 30 -LSB- 73 % -RSB- of 41 -RRB- ; less than half had underlying diseases -LRB- 13 -LSB- 32 % -RSB- -RRB- , including diabetes -LRB- eight -LSB- 20 % -RSB- -RRB- , hypertension -LRB- six -LSB- 15 % -RSB- -RRB- , and cardiovascular disease -LRB- six -LSB- 15 % -RSB- -RRB- . Median age was 49 · 0 years -LRB- IQR 41 · 0-58 · 0 -RRB- . 27 -LRB- 66 % -RRB- of 41 patients had been exposed to Huanan seafood market . One family cluster was found . Common symptoms at onset of illness were fever -LRB- 40 -LSB- 98 % -RSB- of 41 patients -RRB- , cough -LRB- 31 -LSB- 76 % -RSB- -RRB- , and myalgia or fatigue -LRB- 18 -LSB- 44 % -RSB- -RRB- ; less common symptoms were sputum production -LRB- 11 -LSB- 28 % -RSB- of 39 -RRB- , headache -LRB- three -LSB- 8 % -RSB- of 38 -RRB- , haemoptysis -LRB- two -LSB- 5 % -RSB- of 39 -RRB- , and diarrhoea -LRB- one -LSB- 3 % -RSB- of 38 -RRB- . Dyspnoea developed in 22 -LRB- 55 % -RRB- of 40 patients -LRB- median time from illness onset to dyspnoea 8 · 0 days -LSB- IQR 5 · 0-13 · 0 -RSB- -RRB- . 26 -LRB- 63 % -RRB- of 41 patients had lymphopenia . All 41 patients had pneumonia with abnormal findings on chest CT. . Complications included acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- 12 -LSB- 29 % -RSB- -RRB- , RNAaemia -LRB- six -LSB- 15 % -RSB- -RRB- , acute cardiac injury -LRB- five -LSB- 12 % -RSB- -RRB- and secondary infection -LRB- four -LSB- 10 % -RSB- -RRB- . 13 -LRB- 32 % -RRB- patients were admitted to an ICU and six -LRB- 15 % -RRB- died . Compared with non-ICU patients , ICU patients had higher plasma levels of IL2 , IL7 , IL10 , GSCF , IP10 , MCP1 , MIP1A , and TNFα . Major gaps in our knowledge of the origin , epidemiology , duration of human transmission , and clinical spectrum of disease need fulfilment by future studies . Ministry of Science and Technology , Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences , National Natural Science Foundation of China , and Beijing Municipal Science and Technology Commission . Coronavirus disease 2019 -LRB- COVID-19 -RRB- is an emerging infectious disease that was first reported in Wuhan , China , and has subsequently spread worldwide . Risk factors for the clinical outcomes of COVID-19 pneumonia have not yet been well delineated . To describe the clinical characteristics and outcomes in patients with COVID-19 pneumonia who developed acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- ARDS -RRB- or died . Retrospective cohort study of 201 patients with confirmed COVID-19 pneumonia admitted to Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital in China between December 25 , 2019 , and January 26 , 2020 . The final date of follow-up was February 13 , 2020 . Confirmed COVID-19 pneumonia . The development of ARDS and death . Epidemiological , demographic , clinical , laboratory , management , treatment , and outcome data were also collected and analyzed . Of 201 patients , the median age was 51 years -LRB- interquartile range , 43-60 years -RRB- , and 128 -LRB- 63.7 % -RRB- patients were men . Eighty-four patients -LRB- 41.8 % -RRB- developed ARDS , and of those 84 patients , 44 -LRB- 52.4 % -RRB- died . In those who developed ARDS , compared with those who did not , more patients presented with dyspnea -LRB- 50 of 84 -LSB- 59.5 % -RSB- patients and 30 of 117 -LSB- 25.6 % -RSB- patients , respectively -LSB- difference , 33.9 % ; 95 % CI , 19.7 % -48.1 % -RSB- -RRB- and had comorbidities such as hypertension -LRB- 23 of 84 -LSB- 27.4 % -RSB- patients and 16 of 117 -LSB- 13.7 % -RSB- patients , respectively -LSB- difference , 13.7 % ; 95 % CI , 1.3 % -26.1 % -RSB- -RRB- and diabetes -LRB- 16 of 84 -LSB- 19.0 % -RSB- patients and 6 of 117 -LSB- 5.1 % -RSB- patients , respectively -LSB- difference , 13.9 % ; 95 % CI , 3.6 % -24.2 % -RSB- -RRB- . In bivariate Cox regression analysis , risk factors associated with the development of ARDS and progression from ARDS to death included older age -LRB- hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- , 3.26 ; 95 % CI 2.08-5.11 ; and HR , 6.17 ; 95 % CI , 3.26-11.67 , respectively -RRB- , neutrophilia -LRB- HR , 1.14 ; 95 % CI , 1.09-1.19 ; and HR , 1.08 ; 95 % CI , 1.01-1.17 , respectively -RRB- , and organ and coagulation dysfunction -LRB- eg , higher lactate dehydrogenase -LSB- HR , 1.61 ; 95 % CI , 1.44-1.79 ; and HR , 1.30 ; 95 % CI , 1.11-1.52 , respectively -RSB- and D-dimer -LSB- HR , 1.03 ; 95 %
Globally , about 70 % of cervical cancers are associated with human papillomavirus -LRB- HPV -RRB- -16 or HPV-18 infection . A meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies in China showed that HPV was present in 98 % of cervical cancer samples . The HPV-16 / 18 AS04-adjuvanted vaccine Cervarix has shown a high level of protection against HPV-16 / 18 infections and associated cervical lesions . This phase I trial -LRB- NCT00549900 -RRB- assessed the safety , tolerability , and immunogenicity of the vaccine in Chinese . Thirty healthy Chinese females , aged 15 to 45 years with a median age of 29.5 years , received three doses of Cervarix in Months 0 , 1 , and 6 . Safety was assessed via recording solicited local and systemic symptoms within 7 days and unsolicited symptoms within 30 days after each vaccination . As an exploratory objective , HPV-16 / 18 antibody titers were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay in serum samples collected in Months 0 and 7 . Pain at the injection site was the most frequently reported local symptom . Two subjects reported medically significant adverse events . Both cases were assessed as unrelated to vaccination by the investigator .
Recombinant human erythropoietin -LRB- epoetin -RRB- has become the most widely used cytokine in the world . Following the success of its use in patients with end-stage renal disease , the usefulness of epoetin in other anaemias was assessed , including paediatric patients , mainly newborns . The treatment or prevention of anaemia of prematurity with epoetin resulted in a significant reduction in the number of transfusions and donor exposure . A clear definition of which premature babies must receive therapy is yet to be established . Other indications in neonatal period include hyporegenerative and haemolytic anaemias . The potential for use of the nonhaematopoietic effects of epoetin in newborn infants is a novel and exciting issue . The role of epoetin as a tissue-protective factor for the CNS and intestinal mucosa is under exhaustive investigation . With the exception of chronic renal failure , in older children the efficacy of epoetin has not been evaluated as in adults . Although an impressive amount of studies were carried out during recent years in adult patients with cancer-related or HIV-infection-related anaemias , thus allowing clear conclusions to be established on its efficacy , only a few trials with a small number of patients have been reported in children . Up-to-date , results in paediatric patients suggest that epoetin therapy is as useful as in adult patients , but prospective , randomised trials including large number of patients are essential to achieve definitive conclusions . The risks of blood transfusion include , but are not limited to , acute hemolytic reactions -LRB- approximately 1 of 250,000 -RRB- , human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- approximately 1 of 200,000 -RRB- , hepatitis B and C -LRB- approximately 1 of 30,000 each -RRB- , and transfusion-related lung injuries -LRB- approximately 1 of 5000 -RRB- . This prospective , single-blinded , randomized study was undertaken to examine the safety and efficacy of preoperative single weekly dosing with erythropoietin -LRB- epoetin alfa -RRB- in reducing the rate of transfusion in infants and small children undergoing craniosynostosis repair . A total of 29 patients -LRB- < 8 years -RRB- undergoing craniosynostosis repair were randomized into two groups : one received preoperative erythropoietin -LRB- 600 U/kg -RRB- weekly for 3 weeks , and the other served as a control . All caregivers responsible for blood transfusions were blinded , and strict criteria for transfusion were established . A pediatric hematologist monitored both groups , and all patients received supplemental iron -LRB- 4 mg/kg -RRB- . Fourteen patients were randomized to receive erythropoietin , and eight of these 14 patients -LRB- 57 percent -RRB- required transfusion -LRB- mean age , 17 months ; mean weight , 10.1 kg -RRB- . Of the six patients not requiring transfusion , three were younger than 12 months old -LRB- mean , 6 months -RRB- . Fourteen of 15 patients -LRB- 93 percent -RRB- in the control group -LRB- mean age , 13 months ; mean weight , 9.3 kg -RRB- required a blood transfusion during the study . The only control patient not requiring transfusion was the eldest -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- . The control group showed no change in hemoglobin levels from baseline to preoperative levels , but the erythropoietin group increased their average hemoglobin levels from 12.1 to 13.1 g/dl . There were no adverse effects noted among children receiving erythropoietin , nor were there any surgical complications . The authors conclude that the preoperative administration of erythropoietin significantly raised hemoglobin levels and reduced the need for a blood transfusion with craniosynostosis correction . More suggestions are made that may further reduce the need for blood transfusions , and a cost-benefit analysis is discussed .
Traditional approaches to mechanical ventilation use tidal volumes of 10 to 15 ml per kilogram of body weight and may cause stretch-induced lung injury in patients with acute lung injury and the acute respiratory distress syndrome . We therefore conducted a trial to determine whether ventilation with lower tidal volumes would improve the clinical outcomes in these patients . Patients with acute lung injury and the acute respiratory distress syndrome were enrolled in a multicenter , randomized trial . The trial compared traditional ventilation treatment , which involved an initial tidal volume of 12 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight and an airway pressure measured after a 0.5-second pause at the end of inspiration -LRB- plateau pressure -RRB- of 50 cm of water or less , with ventilation with a lower tidal volume , which involved an initial tidal volume of 6 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight and a plateau pressure of 30 cm of water or less . The primary outcomes were death before a patient was discharged home and was breathing without assistance and the number of days without ventilator use from day 1 to day 28 . The trial was stopped after the enrollment of 861 patients because mortality was lower in the group treated with lower tidal volumes than in the group treated with traditional tidal volumes -LRB- 31.0 percent vs. 39.8 percent , P = 0.007 -RRB- , and the number of days without ventilator use during the first 28 days after randomization was greater in this group -LRB- mean -LSB- + / - SD -RSB- , 12 + / -11 vs. 10 + / -11 ; P = 0.007 -RRB- . The mean tidal volumes on days 1 to 3 were 6.2 + / -0.8 and 11.8 + / -0.8 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- , respectively , and the mean plateau pressures were 25 + / -6 and 33 + / -8 cm of water -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- , respectively . In patients with acute lung injury and the acute respiratory distress syndrome , mechanical ventilation with a lower tidal volume than is traditionally used results in decreased mortality and increases the number of days without ventilator use . To provide a summary of the recent literature on extracorporeal membrane oxygenation -LRB- ECMO -RRB- in adults with severe acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- ARDS -RRB- , focusing on advances in equipment , current conventional and unconventional indications , complications , and future applications . ECMO use has increased during the past 5 years . Advances in cannulation , circuit design , and patient selection have made it a safer therapeutic option in severe ARDS , and its use has become more widespread for nonconventional indications . High-quality evidence for the routine use of ECMO for management of adult patients with severe ARDS is still lacking . An ongoing randomized controlled trial -LRB- ECMO to rescue lung injury in severe ARDS -RRB- will contribute valuable data to guide clinical decisions to opt for this supportive therapy . Recent cohort studies have identified the use of large tidal volumes as a major risk factor for development of lung injury in mechanically ventilated patients without acute lung injury -LRB- ALI -RRB- . We compared the effect of conventional with lower tidal volumes on pulmonary inflammation and development of lung injury in critically ill patients without ALI at the onset of mechanical ventilation . We performed a randomized controlled nonblinded preventive trial comparing mechanical ventilation with tidal volumes of 10 ml versus 6 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight in critically ill patients without ALI at the onset of mechanical ventilation . The primary end point was cytokine levels in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid and plasma during mechanical ventilation . The secondary end point was the development of lung injury , as determined by consensus criteria for ALI , duration of mechanical ventilation , and mortality . One hundred fifty patients -LRB- 74 conventional versus 76 lower tidal volume -RRB- were enrolled and analyzed . No differences were observed in lavage fluid cytokine levels at baseline between the randomization groups . Plasma interleukin-6 -LRB- IL-6 -RRB- levels decreased significantly more strongly in the lower-tidal-volume group -LRB- -LRB- from 51 -LRB- 20 to 182 -RRB- ng/ml to 11 -LRB- 5 to 20 -RRB- ng/ml versus 50 -LRB- 21 to 122 -RRB- ng/ml to 21 -LRB- 20 to 77 -RRB- ng/ml ; P = 0.01 -RRB- -RRB- . The trial was stopped prematurely for safety reasons because the development of lung injury was higher in the conventional tidal-volume group as compared with the lower tidal-volume group -LRB- 13.5 % versus 2.6 % ; P = 0.01 -RRB- . Univariate analysis showed statistical relations between baseline lung-injury score , randomization group , level of positive end-expiratory pressure -LRB- PEEP -RRB- , the number of transfused blood products , the presence of a risk factor for ALI , and baseline IL-6 lavage fluid levels and the development of lung injury . Mechanical ventilation with conventional tidal volumes is associated with sustained cytokine production , as measured in plasma . Our data suggest that mechanical ventilation with conventional tidal volumes contributes to the development of lung injury in patients without ALI at the onset of mechanical ventilation . ISRCTN82533884 . Acute respiratory distress syndrome is characterized by damage to the lung caused by various insults , including ventilation itself , and tidal hyperinflation can lead to ventilator induced lung injury -LRB- VILI -RRB- . We investigated the effects of a low tidal volume -LRB- V -LRB- T -RRB- -RRB- strategy -LRB- V -LRB- T -RRB- ≈ 3 ml/kg/predicted body weight -LSB- PBW -RSB- -RRB- using pumpless extracorporeal lung assist in established ARDS . Seventy-nine patients were enrolled after a ` stabilization period ' -LRB- 24 h with optimized therapy and high PEEP -RRB- . They were randomly assigned to receive a low V -LRB- T -RRB- ventilation -LRB- ≈ 3
A total of 17 BDD patients 16-65 years of age entered and 11 completed a 12-16 week open-label trial of venlafaxine . Key outcome measures were the Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale Modified for Body Dysmorphic Disorder and Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement scale . Venlafaxine was found to be effective in lessening the specific symptoms and global severity of BDD . Paired t-tests were used to compare baseline and final ratings on the Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale Modified for Body Dysmorphic Disorder total , obsessions , and compulsions scores ; by this measure venlafaxine significantly reduced BDD symptoms overall -LRB- P = .012 -RRB- , as well as obsessions -LRB- P = .034 -RRB- and compulsions specifically -LRB- P = .021 -RRB- . A single sample t-test , comparing final Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement scale ratings to `` no change '' -LRB- score : 4 -RRB- found significant improvement following treatment . Venlafaxine may be an effective treatment for BDD , including both obsessive and compulsive symptoms . Controlled research on venlafaxine in BDD is recommended .
Although once associated only with rural areas , the American leishmaniasis vectors now appear to be associated also with urban and suburban areas of the Neotropics . Following the appearance of the first autochthonous visceral and cutaneous leishmaniasis cases in the urban area of the city of Sincelejo , Colombia , a preliminary entomological survey of the sand fly species composition was performed using Shannon and CDC light traps . A total of 486 sand flies representing six Lutzomyia species were collected . L. evansi , L. panamensis and L. gomezi , known vectors of Leishmania spp. were the predominant sand fly species around dwellings . The finding of these species in relation to the appearance of the first cases of leishmaniasis in the city mentioned is discussed . The presence of Lutzomyia -LRB- Helcocyrtomyia -RRB- hartmanni , as a vector of Leishmania colombiensis and L. columbiana -LRB- Verrucarum group -RRB- , recently incriminated in the transmission of leishmaniasis , and L. pia -LRB- Verrucarum group -RRB- are reported for the first time in a periurban area of Medellín city . There is thus a risk of leishmaniasis transmission in this town . Several alkyl phosphorylcholines and related derivatives were tested against Leishmania donovani amastigotes in mouse peritoneal macrophages in vitro and ED50 values were determined in the range of 1-12 microM . The three alkyl phosphorylcholines tested against L. donovani in BALB/c mice were active , an ED50 of 12.8 mg/kg/day X 5 was ascertained for one compound , but an alkyl phosphorylethanolamine was inactive . Resistance of parasitic protozoa such as Leishmania to therapeutic drugs continues to escalate in developing countries . Treatment programs for human leishmaniasis are still based on pentavalent antimonials but resistance to these compounds has been a persistent problem . In many instances , resistance of the parasite is due to over-expressed ABC efflux pumps . In Leishmania different classes of ABC transporters extrude antimonials , azoles and folates resulting in drug-resistant phenotypes . Although some studies have focused on developing inhibitors against these resistant phenotypes , new efficient modulators that are able to inhibit drug efflux are needed . Leishmaniasis in Colombia has traditionally been seen as a health risk for adult males , as they become infected when they enter the vector 's biotopes to tap natural resources . National health statistics seem to confirm this theory . However , during field studies , the Program for the Study and Control of Tropical Diseases -LRB- PECET -RRB- observed both equal proportions of men and women with active leishmaniasis and delayed hypersensitivity skin tests and equal proportions of males and females having had contact with the parasite from early childhood . Several factors that have not been analyzed in depth in Colombia thus far appear to distort the disease 's epidemiological pattern in the country , and gender-linked differences in access to health care appear to exist . As a consequence , no relief is provided for this source of human suffering , and socioeconomic repercussions for households are significant . Preventive measures by the Colombian Ministry of Health -LRB- MOH -RRB- systematically underestimate the magnitude of intra - and peridomiciliary transmission , and female patients are excluded from active case detection . Further research should be devoted to this phenomenon . The MOH should be encouraged to improve leishmaniasis control programs , especially with regard to active case detection , training , and teaching , so that quicker diagnosis can be performed . Meanwhile , the MOH should retrain its health personnel . Sixty-six Guatemalans with parasitologically proven cutaneous leishmaniasis were randomly and equally divided into 3 treatment groups : those receiving meglumine antimonate -LRB- Glucantime -RRB- , 850 mg antimony/day im for 15 days ; those receiving localized controlled heat from a radio-frequency generator , 50 degrees C for 30 sec , 3 treatments at 7 day intervals ; and those receiving treatment with a placebo . Of 53 isolates identified , 40 were Leishmania braziliensis braziliensis and 13 were L. mexicana mexicana . Thirteen weeks after beginning treatment , the number of patients from each group with completely healed and parasitologically negative lesions were as follows : meglumine antimonate , 16 -LRB- 73 % -RRB- ; localized heat , 16 -LRB- 73 % -RRB- ; and placebo , 6 -LRB- 27 % -RRB- . The cure rate for those with infections due to L. b. braziliensis in each group was as follows : meglumine antimonate , 11 out of 14 -LRB- 79 % -RRB- ; controlled heat , 9 out of 14 -LRB- 64 % -RRB- ; and placebo , 0 out of 11 . In Mexico cutaneous leishmaniasis -LRB- CL -RRB- occurs in 17 of 32 States , and is a serious public health problem . This is a report of treatment of CL patients in the State of Tabasco , Mexico with a localized current field-radio frequency -LRB- LCF-RF -RRB- device to generate precisely controlled heat as an alternative to prohibitively expensive drug treatment . It was not a controlled clinical trial , but rather an evaluation of the feasibility of this form of treatment for all CL patients encountered in the endemic area . A total of 201 previously diagnosed patients with CL caused by Leishmania mexicana were treated with a portable Thermosurgery LCF-RF generator powered by rechargeable batteries . The ages of the patients ranged from two to 75 years ; the sex distribution was 63 % males and 37 % females . A single device was used in five different municipalities . Lesions were first anesthetized with 1 % lidocaine HCl and moistened with normal saline solution . Treatment consisted of a single application that produced 50 degrees C for 30 sec . After four weeks , 122 patients were available for evaluation , of which 95 % were totally cured ; -LRB- even those involving ear cartilage , which respond poorly to antimonials -RRB- . At eight weeks post-treatment , 191 patients were evaluated
Activity-rest behavior of 20 neonates born vaginally , 18 neonates born by medically planned Cesarean section -LRB- C-section -RRB- , and 19 neonates born by medically required C-section after labor onset -LRB- all born in the thirty-seventh to forty-second week of gestation -RRB- was monitored for six successive days starting in the first week of life . Actigraphy was used to record and show time patterns of activity and rest in neonates by using small wristwatch-like Actiwatch actometers . Nursing/feeding times were recorded by using the actometers ' integrated event marker button . Recordings in both C-section groups were performed in the hospital ; for neonates born vaginally and for some born by C-section , recordings were carried out in the hospital and in their homes . To assess periodic characteristics , frequency components of activity-rest behavior were analyzed using fast Fourier transformation . Amount of sleep time during daytime , nighttime , and 24 h , as well as sleep bouts during the daytime and nighttime , were compared . The majority of vaginally born neonates showed a distinct circadian frequency in their spectra . In contrast , both groups of neonates born by C-section showed significantly less distinct circadian frequencies in their spectra .
Malignant melanoma continues to present a significant public health problem as its incidence is rising faster than that of any other cancer in the US . At current rates , 1 in 74 Americans will develop melanoma during his or her lifetime . Management of melanoma is a complex issue requiring a multidisciplinary approach . The most effective method of protection against the development of melanoma is minimization of ultraviolet exposure from sunlight . Early detection and treatment are critical and result in improved patient survival rates . Surgical excision remains the mainstay of treatment but many new promising therapies are being investigated . Interleukin-2 has pleiotropic actions on the immune system and plays a vital role in the modulation of immune responses . Our current understanding of IL-2 signaling has resulted from in vitro studies that have identified the signaling pathways activated by IL-2 , including the Jak-STAT pathways , and from in vivo studies that have analyzed mice in which IL-2 , each chain of the receptor , as well a number of signaling molecules have been individually targeted by homologous recombination . Moreover , mutations in IL-2Ralpha , gamma -LRB- c -RRB- and Jak3 have been found in patients with severe combined immunodeficiency . A 14-year-old Japanese female with neutropenia showed malignant proliferation of the large granular lymphocytes -LRB- LGLs -RRB- . These LGLs were E rosette + and Fc -LRB- IgG -RRB- receptor + and therefore are referred to as T gamma lymphocytes . They were also Leu-11 + and OKT11 + ; however , they were clearly negative for Leu-7 , OKT3 , OKT8 , OKM1 , and HNK-1 antigens as well as for terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase activity . Karyotype analysis revealed 47 , XXX . The LGLs showed no rearrangement of T cell receptor C beta genes . The natural killer -LRB- NK -RRB- cell activity against K562 target cells was low , but was significantly augmented after stimulation by recombinant human interleukin 2 -LRB- IL 2 -RRB- in contrast to minimal NK boosting by recombinant human gamma-interferon -LRB- gamma-IFN -RRB- . Such a unique responsive ability to lymphokines was quite similar to that noted in fetal and cord blood cells . These LGLs also demonstrated a considerable increase in antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity -LRB- ADCC -RRB- and lymphokine-activated killer -LRB- LAK -RRB- activity after a short incubation with IL 2 . Although in a resting stage they showed no IL 2 receptor expression as examined by anti-Tac antibody , Tac antigen appeared after IL 2 treatment followed by a marked increase in 3H-thymidine incorporation and a remarkable production of gamma-IFN . To investigate the mechanism of neutropenia , in vitro IL 2-stimulated coculture studies of these cells with normal bone marrow cells were performed . Colony formation of myeloid progenitors -LRB- CFU-C -RRB- was significantly suppressed . In addition , the conditioned medium from IL 2-stimulated LGLs indicated a remarkable suppression of CFU-C . These results suggest that these LGLs with a Leu-11 + , Leu-7 - surface phenotype might belong to a unique subset of pre-NK cells that are functionally and phenotypically similar to those represented at any early stage of human ontogeny and that they strongly express Tac antigen under the influence of IL 2 administration , followed by remarkable cell proliferation and gamma-IFN production .
Accurate assessment of the amount and intensity of physical activity in daily life is considered very important due to the close relationship between physical activity level , health , disability and mortality . For this reason , assessment of physical activity in daily life has gained interest in recent years , especially in sedentary populations , such as patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- . The present article aims to compare and discuss the two kinds of instruments more commonly used to quantify the amount of physical activity performed by COPD patients in daily life : subjective methods -LRB- questionnaires , diaries -RRB- and motion sensors -LRB- electronic or mechanical methods -RRB- . Their characteristics are summarised and evidence of their validity , reliability and sensitivity is discussed , when available . Subjective methods have practical value mainly in providing the patients ' view on their performance in activities of daily living and functional status . However , care must be taken when using subjective methods to accurately quantify the amount of daily physical activity performed . More accurate information is likely to be available with motion sensors rather than questionnaires . The selection of which motion sensor to use for quantification of physical activity in daily life should depend mainly on the purpose of its use . There is a wide variability in measurement methodology of physical activity . This study investigated the effect of different analysis techniques on the statistical power of physical activity outcomes after pulmonary rehabilitation . Physical activity was measured with an activity monitor armband in 57 patients with COPD -LRB- mean ± SD age , 66 ± 7 years ; FEV1 , 46 ± 17 % predicted -RRB- before and after 3 months of pulmonary rehabilitation . The choice of the outcome -LRB- daily number of steps -LSB- STEPS -RSB- , time spent in at least moderate physical activity -LSB- TMA -RSB- , mean metabolic equivalents of task level -LSB- METS -RSB- , and activity time -LSB- ACT -RSB- -RRB- , impact of weekends , number of days of assessment , postprocessing techniques , and influence of duration of daylight time -LRB- DT -RRB- on the sample size to achieve a power of 0.8 were investigated . The STEPS and ACT -LRB- 1.6-2.3 metabolic equivalents of task -RRB- were the most sensitive outcomes . Excluding weekends decreased the sample size for STEPS -LRB- 83 vs 56 -RRB- , TMA -LRB- 160 vs 148 -RRB- , and METS -LRB- 251 vs 207 -RRB- . Using 4 weekdays -LRB- STEPS and TMA -RRB- or 5 weekdays -LRB- METS -RRB- rendered the lowest sample size . Excluding days with < 8 h wearing time reduced the sample size for STEPS -LRB- 56 vs 51 -RRB- . Differences in DT were an important confounder . Changes in physical activity following pulmonary rehabilitation are best measured for 4 weekdays , including only days with at least 8 h of wearing time -LRB- during waking hours -RRB- and considering the difference in DT as a covariate in the analysis . ClinicalTrials.gov ; No. : NCT00948623 ; URL : www.clinicaltrials.gov . To translate the Breathing Problems Questionnaire -LRB- BPQ -RRB- into Portuguese and adapt it to the Brazilian culture , as well as to evaluate its reproducibility in patients with COPD . After the BPQ had been translated and adapted to the Brazilian culture , it was administered to a subgroup of 8 patients in order to identify their uncertainties and difficulties . The questionnaire was reviewed by an expert committee , and its final version was arrived at . A second translator back-translated the final version into English , which was sent to the original author in order to verify that the original meaning of the questionnaire had been maintained . After the approval of the original author , the final Portuguese-language version of the questionnaire was administered to 50 patients with COPD , in order to evaluate its reproducibility . The mean response time was 9.5 min . Of the 50 patients , 21 were female and 29 were male . The mean age was 65.8 ± 7.5 years . Most of the patients were classified as having moderate COPD -LRB- 29.16 % -RRB- or severe COPD -LRB- 52 % -RRB- . The intraclass correlation coefficient -LRB- ICC -RRB- for the total score was 0.94 . The translation and cultural adaptation of the BPQ for use in Brazil was deemed appropriate , because the patients could easily understand and answer the questions . In addition , the Brazilian version of the BPQ questionnaire was found to be reliable , showing good reproducibility . A self-assessment scale has been developed and found to be a reliable instrument for detecting states of depression and anxiety in the setting of an hospital medical outpatient clinic . The anxiety and depressive subscales are also valid measures of severity of the emotional disorder . It is suggested that the introduction of the scales into general hospital practice would facilitate the large task of detection and management of emotional disorder in patients under investigation and treatment in medical and surgical departments . The St George 's Respiratory Questionnaire is a standardized self-completed questionnaire for measuring impaired health and perceived well-being -LRB- ` quality of life ' -RRB- in airways disease . It has been designed to allow comparative measurements of health between patient populations and quantify changes in health following therapy . The background and rationale for its development are discussed together with an analysis of its performance . We aimed to investigate the construct validity of the Timed Up & Go -LRB- TUG -RRB- test in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- , to identify characteristics related to an abnormal TUG time and to examine the responsiveness of the TUG to pulmonary rehabilitation -LRB- PR -RRB- . TUG time was assessed before and after comprehensive PR in 500 COPD patients , and compared cross-sectionally in 100 non-COPD subjects . Physical
Central nervous system -LRB- CNS -RRB- relapse confers a poor prognosis in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia -LRB- ALL -RRB- . It is uncertain whether morphologically undetectable leukemia is present in the bone marrow at the time of CNS relapse , or whether the CNS acts as a ` sanctuary ' site to allow reseeding of the marrow at a later time . We examined DNA from bone marrow samples from six patients with T-cell ALL with isolated CNS relapse using sensitive polymerase chain reaction -LRB- PCR -RRB- assays to detect minimal residual disease . One of these PCR assays was based on amplification of leukemia-specific TCR-delta gene rearrangements , while the other assay relied upon detection of the c-tal deletion . In four patients , where bone marrow samples were taken at the time of CNS relapse , residual disease was detectable in every sample at a level below morphological detection . In addition , three patients had residual disease detected in their subsequent bone marrow when CNS disease was not evident . Our findings , although preliminary , suggest that relapse of leukemia in the CNS reflects resurgence of the disease in the bone marrow that is first detected clinically in the CNS . The concomitant molecular detection of bone marrow leukemia at time of ` isolated ' CNS relapse in children with T-cell ALL explains subsequent bone marrow relapse in some of these children , and argues for intensive systemic therapy of these patients . To assess the salvage rate and long-term complications among children treated with an intensive regimen for isolated CNS relapse during first remission of acute lymphoblastic leukemia -LRB- ALL -RRB- . Twelve boys and eight girls , diagnosed at a median age of 4 years , had CNS relapse at a median age of 7 years . Five had CNS leukemia at presentation , while five completed treatment before relapse . First complete remission lasted a median of 22.5 months . Ten patients had received cranial irradiation plus intrathecal -LRB- IT -RRB- therapy , and the remainder had received high-dose intravenous and/or IT methotrexate -LRB- MTX -RRB- as CNS-directed treatment . Retrieval therapy consisted of a five-agent intensive reinduction regimen followed by continuation therapy with four rotating drug pairs . Triple-IT therapy was administered weekly for 4 to 5 weeks , then every 6 weeks until craniospinal radiation -LRB- cranium , 24 Gy ; spine , 15 Gy ; both sites , 1.5 Gy per fraction -RRB- was administered . All 20 children achieved a second complete remission . The 5-year estimate of disease-free survival -LRB- mean + / - SE -RRB- was 70 % + / - 11 % . Thirteen patients remain in remission at 71 + to 126 + months -LRB- median , 104 + -RRB- , and 10 of 13 patients tested have normal IQ scores . Four patients have had a second relapse -LRB- one CNS and three non-CNS -RRB- , and three have developed other malignancies . Prior cranial irradiation was associated with subsequent failure ; only three of 10 patients who previously received radiotherapy , compared with all of the other 10 patients , remained in second remission . This intensive retrieval therapy is effective and well tolerated by children with an isolated CNS relapse of ALL , especially those who have not received prior cranial irradiation . Most patients have no significant neuropsychologic impairment . The goal of this phase II multicenter clinical trial was to evaluate a new intensive chemotherapy program for adults with untreated acute lymphoblastic leukemia -LRB- ALL -RRB- and to examine prospectively the impact of clinical and biologic characteristics on the outcome . One hundred ninety-seven eligible and evaluable patients -LRB- 16 to 80 years of age ; median , 32 years of age -RRB- received cyclophosphamide , daunorubicin , vincristine , prednisone , and L-asparaginase ; 167 patients -LRB- 85 % -RRB- achieved a complete remission -LRB- CR -RRB- , 13 -LRB- 7 % -RRB- had refractory disease , and 17 -LRB- 9 % -RRB- died during induction . A higher CR rate was observed in younger patients -LRB- 94 % for those < 30 years old , 85 % for those 30 to 59 years old , and 39 % for those > or = 60 years old , P < .001 -RRB- and in those who had a mediastinal mass -LRB- 100 % -RRB- or blasts with a T-cell immunophenotype . Eighty percent of B-lineage and 97 % of T-cell ALL patients achieved a CR -LRB- P = .01 -RRB- . The coexpression of myeloid antigens did not affect the response rate or duration . Seventy percent of those with cytogenetic or molecular evidence of the Philadelphia -LRB- Ph -RRB- chromosome and 84 % of those without such evidence achieved a CR -LRB- P = .11 -RRB- . Patients in remission received multiagent consolidation treatment , central nervous system prophylaxis , late intensification , and maintenance chemotherapy for a total of 24 months . After a median follow-up time of 43 months , the median survival for all 197 patients is 36 months ; the median remission duration for the 167 CR patients is 29 months . Favorable pretreatment characteristics relative to remission duration or survival are younger age , the presence of a mediastinal mass or lymphadenopathy , a white blood cell count -LRB- WBC -RRB- less than 30,000 / microL , L1 morphology , T or TMy immunophenotype , and the absence of the Ph chromosome . The estimates of the proportion surviving at 3 years are 69 % for patients less than 30 years old , 39 % for those 30 to 59 years old , 89 % for those who had a mediastinal mass , 59 % with WBC less than 30,000 / microL , 63 % with L1 morphology , 69 % for T or TMy antigen expression , and 62 % for those who lack the Ph chromosome . Fifteen patients -LRB-
To compare nebulized racemic epinephrine delivered by 70 % helium and 30 % oxygen or 100 % oxygen followed by helium-oxygen inhalation therapy via high-flow nasal cannula -LRB- HFNC -RRB- vs oxygen inhalation via HFNC in the treatment of bronchiolitis . Prospective , randomized , controlled , single-blind trial . This study was conducted from October 1 , 2004 , through May 31 , 2008 , in the emergency department of an urban , tertiary care children 's hospital . Patients Infants aged 2 to 12 months with a Modified Wood 's Clinical Asthma Score -LRB- M-WCAS -RRB- of 3 or higher . Patients initially received nebulized albuterol treatment driven by 100 % oxygen . Patients were randomized to the helium-oxygen or oxygen group and received nebulized racemic epinephrine via a face mask . After 60 minutes of inhalation therapy , patients with an M-WCAS of 2 or higher received a second delivery of nebulized racemic epinephrine followed by helium-oxygen or oxygen delivered by HFNC . Main Outcome Measure Degree of improvement of M-WCAS for 240 minutes or until emergency department discharge . Of 69 infants enrolled , 34 were randomized to the helium-oxygen group and 35 to the oxygen group . The mean M-WCAS was significantly improved for the helium-oxygen group compared with the oxygen group at 60 minutes -LRB- P = .005 -RRB- , 120 minutes -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- , 180 minutes -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- , and 240 minutes -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . Nebulized racemic epinephrine delivered by helium-oxygen followed by helium-oxygen inhalation therapy delivered by HFNC was associated with a greater degree of clinical improvement compared with that delivered by oxygen among infants with bronchiolitis . Trial Registration clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT00116584 .
Local injury to the endometrium prior to controlled ovarian stimulation may considerably improve implantation rates and pregnancy outcomes in intracytoplasmic sperm injection patients with high-order implantation failure -LRB- > or = 4 IVF trials and > or = 12 transferred embryos -RRB- . Implantation failure is the most important cause of recurrent in vitro fertilisation -LRB- IVF -RRB- / intra cytoplasmic sperm injection -LRB- ICSI -RRB- failure . It has been reported that endometrial injury using a biopsy catheter resulted in a higher pregnancy rate in following cycle of treatment . The local endometrial trauma increases the implantation rate through the release of chemical mediators such as histamine and growth factor . To evaluate the influence of endometrial biopsy on increasing implantation rate in patients with recurrent implantation failures . In a randomised control trial study , 115 women each with at least two implantation failures were randomly assigned to two groups . In the case group , endometrial biopsy was obtained from patients in the luteal phase of previous cycle , and implantation and clinical pregnancy rates were compared with those of patients in the control group . The implantation rate was determined as 10.9 % in the biopsy group compared to 3.38 % in the controls . The clinical pregnancy rate was significantly higher in the case group than in controls -LRB- 27.1 % and 8.9 % respectively -RRB- . The results suggest that pregnancy outcome increases through IVF or ICSI after endometrial biopsy . Prospective study . A clinical assisted reproductive center of a university hospital . Women undergoing fresh IVF-ET cycles -LRB- n = 121 -RRB- , treated with a long protocol for controlled ovarian hyperstimulation , whose endometrium were diagnosed by B-ultrasound showing irregular echo . Local injury to the endometrium of 60 patients in controlled ovarian hyperstimulation cycle , who were randomly selected from a total of 121 patients . Seven endometrial biopsies samples from day 10 were analyzed by Affymetrix U133 plus 2.0 gene chip . Transfer of the same number of embryos -LRB- 135 in the experimental and control patients , respectively -RRB- resulted in rates of implantation -LRB- 33.33 % vs. 17.78 % -RRB- , clinical pregnancy -LRB- 48.33 % vs. 27.86 % -RRB- , and ongoing or live births per ET -LRB- 41.67 % vs. 22.96 % -RRB- that were higher in the experimental group compared with controls . Statistically significant differences of the expression level of 218 genes -LRB- 41 up-regulated and 177 down-regulated -RRB- were detected in the endometrial biopsy samples from clinical pregnant patients and nonpregnant patients . The results suggested local injury to the endometrium during a COH cycle improved the rates of embryo implantation , clinical pregnancy and live birth in ART . We also demonstrated a statistically significant difference in the messenger RNA -LRB- mRNA -RRB- expression profiles in the endometrium of pregnant and nonpregnant patients . Further studies on the genes identified herein will assist in predicting implantation competence . To evaluate the effect of local injury to the endometrium on the day of oocyte retrieval on implantation and pregnancy rates in assisted reproductive cycles . In a prospective controlled trial , a total of 156 patients , < 38 years old , in their first in vitro fertilization -LRB- IVF -RRB- cycle were randomized . In 77 patients , two small endometrial samples from anterior and posterior walls of uterus were obtained with a Novak curette on the day of oocyte retrieval and in 79 patients no intervention was performed . The experimental and control patients were matched regarding women 's age , body mass index , basal FSH , duration and etiology of infertility , treatment protocol , number of retrieved oocyte , endometrial thickness , percentage of intracytoplasmic sperm injection performance , fertilization rate , the percentage of patients with good and top quality embryos , and the number of embryos transferred . The implantation rate -LRB- 7.9 vs. 22.9 % -RRB- , clinical -LRB- 12.3 vs. 32.9 % ; odds ratio = 0.25 ; 95 % confidence interval = 0.12-0.66 ; p < 0.05 -RRB- and ongoing pregnancy -LRB- 9.6 vs. 29.1 % ; odds ratio = 0.25 ; 95 % confidence interval = 0.10-0.64 ; p < 0.05 -RRB- rates were significantly lower in experimental group , compared with 79 controls . According to the results of this study , local injury to the endometrium on the day of oocyte retrieval disrupts the receptive endometrium and has a negative impact on implantation and IVF outcomes .
Inhaled and oral over-the-counter bronchodilators are used for self-therapy by asthmatic patients . To evaluate their safety and efficacy , we compared epinephrine and theophylline combined with ephedrine with inhaled metaproterenol and the placebo . Twelve asthmatic patients were studied in a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , crossover trial comparing forced expiratory volume in 1 second -LRB- FEV1 -RRB- after two inhalations of epinephrine -LRB- 0.2 mg/inh -RRB- , 1 minute apart , followed in 15 minutes by theophylline -LRB- 130 mg -RRB- with ephedrine -LRB- 24 mg -RRB- versus two inhalations of metaproterenol -LRB- 0.65 mg/inh -RRB- , 1 minute apart , versus placebo inhaler and tablets . Onset of FEV1 greater than 15 % above baseline values occurred within 15 seconds after inhalations for 100 % of epinephrine-treated patients , 92 % of metaproterenol-treated patients , and 33 % of placebo-treated patients . FEV1 responses were significantly greater -LRB- P less than .05 -RRB- for epinephrine at 0.66 to 1.66 minutes compared with the responses of metaproterenol , and epinephrine and theophylline that was combined with ephedrine compared with metaproterenol beginning at 2 hours . Mean duration of activity was 5.7 hours for the epinephrine - and theophylline with ephedrine-treated patients , 4.9 hours for metaproterenol-treated patients , and 2 hours for the placebo group . There were statistically significant differences for patients receiving epinephrine and theophylline with ephedrine versus the placebo group -LRB- P less than .001 -RRB- , metaproterenol patients versus the placebo group -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- , and patients receiving epinephrine and theophylline with ephedrine versus metaproterenol-treated patients -LRB- P less than .05 -RRB- . Compared with inhaled metaproterenol , inhaled epinephrine followed in 15 minutes by a theophylline-ephedrine tablet had a significantly earlier onset , longer duration of action , numerically greater peak effect , and patient preference . To determine if increasing the epinephrine dose improves efficacy safely . Eight patients with nocturnal asthma -LRB- age range , 20-46 years -RRB- were treated in a randomized , crossover manner on 2 different nights while sleeping in a clinical research center . On awakening from asthma symptoms , 2 , 4 , and 8 actuations of epinephrine or albuterol were administered at 17-minute intervals -LRB- 14 cumulative actuations -RRB- . Forced expiratory volume in 1 second -LRB- FEV1 -RRB- , asthma symptoms , and systemic effects were measured before the first dose , during the 9 - to 17-minute period after each dose , and 30 minutes after the last dose . The mean + / - SD FEV1 at the onset of symptoms was 45 % + / - 11 % and 44 % + / - 12 % predicted before epinephrine and albuterol , respectively , and increased to a maximum of 86 % + / - 11 % and 93 % + / - 10 % , respectively -LRB- P = .04 -RRB- . Symptoms decreased as FEV1 improved and did not return after either treatment ; 6 patients were symptom free after 14 cumulative actuations of epinephrine compared with 6 cumulative actuations of albuterol . Heart rate decreased to 71 + / - 10/min after epinephrine but increased to 92 + / - 14/min after albuterol -LRB- P = .001 -RRB- . After the last dose , serum potassium concentration was 3.6 + / - 0.3 micromol/L after epinephrine and 3.2 + / - 0.4 micromol/L after albuterol -LRB- P = .01 -RRB- . Epinephrine was nearly as effective as albuterol in terminating an acute episode of airway obstruction but without cardiovascular effects in these otherwise healthy young adults . To determine the systemic absorption of epinephrine when it is given by inhalation , six normal volunteers were given 15 puffs , followed by 30 puffs , of epinephrine from a pressurized aerosol -LRB- 160 micrograms epinephrine/puff -RRB- . The peak mean -LRB- + / - SE -RRB- plasma epinephrine levels were 1.50 -LRB- + / - 0.61 -RRB- and 4.22 -LRB- + / - 1.93 -RRB- nmol/L 1 minute after each dose , respectively . The effect on physiologic finger tremor correlated with the plasma epinephrine level and returned to baseline 20 minutes after taking the higher dose . There was a small fall in mean plasma potassium levels of 0.45 mmol/L and a small rise in plasma glucose levels of 0.81 mmol/L . On a separate occasion an injection of 0.3 ml of 1/1000 -LRB- 300 micrograms -RRB- epinephrine was given subcutaneously to the same individuals . This caused a peak plasma epinephrine level of 2.43 -LRB- + / - 0.47 -RRB- nmol/L at 10 minutes , and this was still raised at 2.05 -LRB- + / - 0.41 -RRB- nmol/L after 40 minutes . The maximum fall in the mean plasma potassium level was 0.43 mmol/L after the injection . The production of ozone-depleting chlorofluorocarbons -LRB- CFCs -RRB- was discontinued on 1 January 1996 for all uses deemed non-essential under the Montreal Protocol . However , the use of CFCs as propellants in pressurized metered dose inhalers -LRB- pMDIs -RRB- was classed as essential , providing an exemption from the agreement . Following extensive research , the hydrofluoroalkanes -LRB- HFA -RRB- 134a and 227 were identified as the only suitable replacements for CFC propellants in pMDIs . The drug delivery of pMDIs formulated with HFA 134a as a propellant and containing either salbutamol -LRB- 100 microg per actuation -RRB- or fluticasone propionate -LRB- 125 and 250 microg per actuation -RRB- have been assessed for dose uniformity and particle size distribution . All of the HFA 134a pMDIs delivered doses throughout the life of the canisters that were reproducible and within specified regulatory requirements . Each of the products provided an emitted dose which was within + / - 25 % of the mean value indicating accurate and consistent dosing -LRB- 93 , 112 and 221 microg per metered dose for the salbutamol 100 microg and fluticasone propionate 125 and 250 microg HFA 134a pMDIs
To test the hypothesis that perioperative OMEGA-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid infusion would reduce the incidence of postoperative atrial fibrillation in patients after coronary artery bypass grafting as assessed by an implantable continuous cardiac monitor . Prospective , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled study . Patients were assigned randomly to receive either OMEGA-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids -LRB- 200 mg/kg/day starting before anesthesia induction for 24 hours followed by 100 mg/kg/day for 7 days -RRB- or placebo . The primary outcome was freedom from atrial fibrillation at 2-year follow-up . Reveal -LRB- ® -RRB- cardiac monitor was implanted subcutaneously in all patients . Data from the cardiac monitor were collected on the 10th day and 3 , 6 , 12 , and 24 months postoperatively . Postoperative atrial fibrillation developed in 4 -LRB- 19 % -RRB- patients in the control group and in 5 -LRB- 27.8 % -RRB- patients in the study group at 10-day follow-up -LRB- p = 0.88 -RRB- . At 2-year follow-up , 5 -LRB- 27.8 % -RRB- patients in the control group and 6 -LRB- 35.3 % -RRB- patients in the study group had atrial fibrillation -LRB- p = 0.9 -RRB- . Atrial fibrillation duration predicted risk of cardiovascular hospitalization at the 2-year follow-up -LRB- regression coefficient estimate = 0.24 , standard error 0.02 , p < 0.0001 ; R -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0.74 -RRB- . Infusion of OMEGA-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids failed to prevent the occurrence of atrial fibrillation in 2 years after coronary artery bypass grafting surgery . The cumulative atrial fibrillation duration registered by the continuous cardiac monitor at the 2-year follow-up was a significant predictor of an adverse outcome .
We present a combined obstetric and respiratory perspective on two pregnancies for a woman with severe Type 2 Spinal Muscular Atrophy -LRB- SMA -RRB- . Our patient had the lowest prepregnancy weight -LRB- 20 kg -RRB- and vital capacity of 0.34 L -LRB- VC 11 % predicted -RRB- yet to be reported in the sparse literature on pregnancy with SMA . She delivered two live healthy infants via planned caesarean section without pregnancy or neonatal complication . We describe the respiratory and obstetric management techniques used for a pregnancy with this degree of respiratory compromise . A total population study of chronic childhood spinal muscular atrophy -LRB- arrested Werdnig-Hoffmann disease , Kugelberg-Welander disease , SMA type II and III -RRB- was undertaken in north-east England to establish gene and carrier frequencies , incidence , and prevalence . The incidence of this disease was 1 in 24 100 live births . Prevalence was 1.20 per 100,000 of the general population . A technique for estimating an autosomal recessive gene frequency in the known presence of dominant new mutations -LRB- or phenocopies -RRB- , using data from a segregation analysis , is described . Gene frequency was in the range -LRB- 0.00451 to 0.00659 -LRB- 95 % confidence limits -RRB- , with a working estimate of 0.0055 . Carrier rates for the autosomal recessive gene concerned were 1 in 76 to 1 in 111 -LRB- 95 % -RRB- confidence limits -RRB- , with a working estimate of 1 in 90 for genetic counselling purposes . Spinal muscular atrophy is the most common autosomal-recessive genetic disorder lethal to infants . It was first described in the 1890s . Since then our understanding of the disorder has progressed significantly . Progression of the disease is due to loss of anterior horn cells , thought to be caused by apoptosis . Diagnosis is based on the course of the illness , as well as certain changes seen on nerve and muscle biopsy and electrodiagnostic studies . More recently , our understanding of the genetics of this disorder has provided a noninvasive approach to diagnosis . This method of testing has its downside , but the quest for a more sensitive analysis is still underway . Even though our knowledge of this disease has come a long way since its first recognition , the therapies available to these children are still only supportive . Again , researchers eagerly look for new therapeutic interventions to allow for improved quality of life and an extended life span . Spinal muscular atrophy -LRB- SMA -RRB- is a recessive neuromuscular disorder caused by loss of the SMN1 gene . SMN2 , a nearly identical copy gene of SMN1 , produces only 10 % of full-length SMN RNA/protein and is an excellent target for a potential therapy . Several clinical trials with drugs that increase the SMN2 expression such as valproic acid and phenylbutyrate are in progress . Solid natural history data for SMA are crucial to enable a correlation between genotype and phenotype as well as the outcome of therapy . We provide genotypic and phenotypic data from 115 SMA patients with type IIIa -LRB- age of onset < 3 years -RRB- , type IIIb -LRB- age of onset > 3 years -RRB- and rare type IV -LRB- onset > 30 years -RRB- . While 62 % of type IIIa patients carry two or three SMN2 copies , 65 % of type IIIb patients carry four or five SMN2 copies . Three type IV SMA patients had four and one had six SMN2 copies . Our data support the disease-modifying role of SMN2 leading to later onset and a better prognosis . A statistically significant correlation for > or = 4 SMN2 copies with SMA type IIIb or a milder phenotype suggests that SMN2 copy number can be used as a clinical prognostic indicator in SMA patients . The additional case of a foetus with homozygous SMN1 deletion and postnatal measurement of five SMN2 copies illustrates the role of genotypic information in making informed decisions on the management and therapy of such patients . Prospective cohort study to characterize the clinical features and course of spinal muscular atrophy type I -LRB- SMA-I -RRB- . Patients were enrolled at 3 study sites and followed for up to 36 months with serial clinical , motor function , laboratory , and electrophysiologic outcome assessments . Intervention was determined by published standard of care guidelines . Palliative care options were offered . Thirty-four of 54 eligible subjects with SMA-I -LRB- 63 % -RRB- enrolled and 50 % of these completed at least 12 months of follow-up . Requirement for nutritional support preceded that for ventilation support . The distribution of age at reaching the combined endpoint was similar for subjects with SMA-I who had symptom onset before 3 months and after 3 months of age -LRB- p = 0.58 -RRB- . Having 2 SMN2 copies was associated with greater morbidity and mortality than having 3 copies . Baseline electrophysiologic measures indicated substantial motor neuron loss . By comparison , subjects with SMA-II who lost sitting ability -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- had higher motor function , motor unit number estimate and compound motor action potential , longer survival , and later age when feeding or ventilation support was required . The mean rate of decline in The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia Infant Test for Neuromuscular Disorders motor function scale was 1.27 points/year -LRB- 95 % confidence interval 0.21-2.33 , p = 0.02 -RRB- . Infants with SMA-I can be effectively enrolled and retained in a 12-month natural history study until a majority reach the combined endpoint . These outcome data can be used for clinical trial design .
Salivary gland cancers are rare , histologically diverse , and varied in their biologic behavior and responsiveness to systemic therapy . To the authors ' knowledge , there currently is no standard chemotherapy for these tumors , but cisplatin-based regimens are often used . This phase 2 trial evaluated the combination of gemcitabine with cisplatin -LRB- carboplatin in those with protocol-defined contraindications to cisplatin -RRB- . Fit , consenting adult patients had advanced , metastatic , or locoregionally recurrent salivary gland cancer -LRB- any histologic subtype -RRB- that was not suitable for radiation or surgery . Therapy was comprised of gemcitabine at a dose of 1000 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- administered intravenously on Days 1 and 8 , and cisplatin at a dose of 70 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- on Day 2 , of a 21-day cycle . Response was assessed every 2 cycles according to Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors . Patients received up to 6 cycles . The primary endpoint was objective response . A 2-stage design was used , with a response rate of 45 % required to declare the regimen active . Thirty-three eligible patients were enrolled , of whom 30 were response evaluable . Toxicity was within that expected for this combination . This regimen did not meet the predefined criteria to be declared active in advanced salivary gland cancers .
C-reactive protein -LRB- CRP -RRB- is a marker of metabolic and cardiovascular disease . To study the effects of lifestyle on CRP in a high-risk population we conducted a randomized controlled trial on 200 obese subjects -LRB- BMI > 27 kg m -LRB- -2 -RRB- -RRB- with impaired glucose tolerance recruited from primary care settings . They were randomized to either a 1-month stay at a wellness centre focusing on diet , exercise and stress management -LRB- intervention group -RRB- or 30-60 min of oral and written information on lifestyle intervention -LRB- control group -RRB- . A significant reduction of CRP was observed after 1 month and 1 year in the intervention group . Further research is needed to evaluate whether the CRP level reduction translates into a decreased risk for cardiovascular morbidity . Meditative techniques are sought frequently by patients coping with medical and psychological problems . Because of their increasingly widespread appeal and use , and the potential for use as medical therapies , a concise and thorough review of the current state of scientific knowledge of these practices as medical interventions was conducted . To systematically review the evidence supporting efficacy and safety of meditative practices in treating illnesses , and examine areas warranting further study . Studies on normal healthy populations are not included . Searches were performed using PubMed , PsycInfo , and the Cochrane Database . Keywords were Meditation , Meditative Prayer , Yoga , Relaxation Response . Qualifying studies were reviewed and independently rated based on quality by two reviewers . Mid-to-high-quality studies -LRB- those scoring above 0.65 or 65 % on a validated research quality scale -RRB- were included . From a total of 82 identified studies , 20 randomized controlled trials met our criteria . The studies included 958 subjects total -LRB- 397 experimentally treated , 561 controls -RRB- . No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included or excluded clinical trials . Serious adverse events are reported in the medical literature , though rare . The strongest evidence for efficacy was found for epilepsy , symptoms of the premenstrual syndrome and menopausal symptoms . Benefit was also demonstrated for mood and anxiety disorders , autoimmune illness , and emotional disturbance in neoplastic disease . The results support the safety and potential efficacy of meditative practices for treating certain illnesses , particularly in nonpsychotic mood and anxiety disorders . Clear and reproducible evidence supporting efficacy from large , methodologically sound studies is lacking .
In the United States , an estimated 48,100 new human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- infections occurred in 2009 . Of these , 27 % were in heterosexual men and women who did not inject drugs , and 64 % were in men who have sex with men -LRB- MSM -RRB- , including 3 % in MSM who inject drugs . In January 2011 , following publication of evidence of safety and efficacy of daily oral tenofovir disoproxil fumarate 300 mg -LRB- TDF -RRB- / emtricitabine 200 mg -LRB- FTC -RRB- -LRB- Truvada , Gilead Sciences -RRB- as antiretroviral preexposure prophylaxis -LRB- PrEP -RRB- to reduce the risk for HIV acquisition among MSM in the iPrEx trial , CDC issued interim guidance to make available information and important initial cautions on the use of PrEP in this population . Those recommendations remain valid for MSM , including MSM who also have sex with women . Since January 2011 , data from studies of PrEP among heterosexual men and women have become available , and on July 16 , 2012 , the Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- approved a label indication for reduction of risk for sexual acquisition of HIV infection among adults , including both heterosexuals and MSM . This interim guidance includes consideration of the new information and addresses pregnancy and safety issues for heterosexually active adults at very high risk for sexual HIV acquisition that were not discussed in the previous interim guidance for the use of PrEP in MSM . On June 12 , 2013 , the Thailand Ministry of Health and CDC published results from a randomized controlled trial of a daily oral dose of 300 mg of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate -LRB- TDF -RRB- that showed efficacy in reducing the acquisition of human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- infection among injecting drug users -LRB- IDUs -RRB- -LRB- 1 -RRB- . Based on these findings , CDC recommends that preexposure prophylaxis -LRB- PrEP -RRB- be considered as one of several prevention options for persons at very high risk for HIV acquisition through the injection of illicit drugs . We conducted a street-based intercept survey with 480 men reporting sex with men -LRB- MSM -RRB- during June 2011 Gay Pride events in New York City -LRB- NYC -RRB- . Awareness and knowledge of pre-exposure prophylaxis -LRB- PrEP -RRB- were limited . Many men believed that PrEP use should be encouraged , and that some of their friends would use it ; and were interested in using it themselves . Men who believed that PrEP should only be taken before sex were more likely to endorse it and report greater likelihood of use . A recent clinical trial demonstrated that a daily dose tenofovir disoproxil fumarate and emtricitabrine -LRB- TDF-FTC -RRB- can reduce HIV acquisition among men who have sex with men -LRB- MSM -RRB- and transgender -LRB- TG -RRB- women by 44 % , and up to 90 % if taken daily . We explored how medical and service providers understand research results and plan to develop clinical protocols to prescribe , support and monitor adherence for patients on PrEP in the United States . Using referrals from our community collaborators and snowball sampling , we recruited 22 healthcare providers in San Francisco , Oakland , and Los Angeles for in-depth interviews from May-December 2011 . The providers included primary care physicians seeing high numbers of MSM and TG women , HIV specialists , community health clinic providers , and public health officials . We analyzed interviews thematically to produce recommendations for setting policy around implementing PrEP . Interview topics included : assessing clinician impressions of PrEP and CDC guidance , considerations of cost , office capacity , dosing schedules , and following patients over time . Little or no demand for PrEP from patients was reported at the time of the interviews . Providers did not agree on the most appropriate patients for PrEP and believed that current models of care , which do not involve routine frequent office visits , were not well suited for prescribing PrEP . Providers detailed the need to build capacity and were concerned about monitoring side effects and adherence . PrEP was seen as potentially having impact on the epidemic but providers also noted that community education campaigns needed to be tailored to effectively reach specific vulnerable populations . While PrEP may be a novel and clinically compelling prevention intervention for MSM and TG women , it raises a number of important implementation challenges that would need to be addressed . Nonetheless , most providers expressed optimism that they eventually could prescribe and monitor PrEP in their practice . Semistructured qualitative interview study . Peru , Ukraine , India , Kenya , Uganda , Botswana and South Africa . 35 policymakers , 35 healthcare workers and 21 non-governmental organisation representatives involved in HIV prevention . Six themes emerged from the data : -LRB- 1 -RRB- perceived HIV prevention landscape : prevention initiatives needed to be improved and expanded ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- PrEP awareness : 50 of 91 participants had heard of PrEP ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- benefits of PrEP : one component of the combination prevention arsenal that could help prioritise HIV prevention , empower key populations and result in economic gains ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- challenges of PrEP : regimen complexity , cost and cost-effectiveness , risk compensation , efficacy and effectiveness , stigmatisation and criminalisation , information and training and healthcare system capacity ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- programmatic considerations : user eligibility , communication strategy , cost , distribution , medication and HIV testing compliance and -LRB- 6 -RRB- early versus late implementation : participants were divided as to whether they would support an early introduction of PrEP in their country or would prefer to wait until it has been successfully implemented in other countries , with around half of those we spoke to supporting each option . Very few said they would not support PrEP
This study evaluated patients ' perceptions of recovery after third molar surgery . Two hundred forty-nine patients -LRB- age 13 to 37 years -RRB- at 2 clinical centers were enrolled in a prospective study before the surgical removal of third molars . Each patient was given a 21-item Health-Related Quality of Life instrument -LRB- HRQOL -RRB- to be completed each postoperative day -LRB- POD -RRB- for 14 days . The instrument was designed to assess patients ' perception of recovery : pain , oral function , general activity measures , and other symptoms . Pain dimensions were recorded with a 7-point Likert-type scale ; all other conditions were measured on 5-point Likert-type scales . The impact of each predictor variable such as age , gender , and length of surgery on recovery was assessed with Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel statistics , controlling for clinical center . After the 14-day postoperative period , 201 of the original 249 patients returned the completed HRQOL instrument ; the 48 patients who did not return their diary had third molar conditions and surgery similar to the 201 patients who responded . On POD 1 , 63.5 % of patients reported their worst pain as severe -LRB- score , 5 to 7/7 -RRB- at some time during the day . By POD 7 , only 15 % of patients reported their worst pain as severe . Average pain levels were much less ; 29 % reported their average pain as severe -LRB- score , 5 to 7/7 -RRB- on POD 1 , decreasing to 5.5 % by POD 7 . Patients experienced substantial interference in oral function ; chewing , 85 % ; mouth opening 78.5 % , and speaking 37.5 % on POD 1 . By POD 6 , oral function had improved ; chewing , 19 % , mouth opening , 15 % ; and speaking , 1.5 % . General measures also were affected on POD 1 ; social activity , 61.5 % ; recreation , 70.5 % ; and daily routine , 60 % . Patients assumed a more normal lifestyle by POD 5 . Swelling seemed to be at its maximum on PODs 1 and 2 -LRB- day 1 , 53 % ; day 2 , 61 % -RRB- and decreased markedly by POD 5 -LRB- 10 % -RRB- . Food collection in the surgical sites posed the biggest problem for patients on POD 9 -LRB- 20 % -RRB- . Age was not a predictor of prolonged recovery . However , surgery time 30 minutes or longer , or having all third molars below the occlusal plane , did prolong recovery . This information is valuable to patients deciding on third molar surgery and to clinicians providing informed consent . Quantitative data on postoperative complaints and complications after removal of the mandibular third molar , especially in relation to the different methods of treatment , are scarce . Mostly an objective approach is lacking . The present study attempts to provide such data and their clinical consequences . Within 1 year , 932 mandibular third molars were removed ; 430 extractions served as a control group for 502 surgical removals . The procedure was fully standardized and all measurements objectively obtained . A computer was used for statistical evaluation . It appeared from this study that the possibility of postoperative complaints and complications will be smaller if the wound is not packed , if tight suturing is not done and if reflection of the mucoperiosteum is avoided . If reflection is inevitable the oblique vertical relaxing incision is preferred . Prophylactic administration of antibiotics is rejected . Seventy-five patients -LRB- 67 % female with a mean age of 23 , age range 18 to 34.5 years -RRB- participated in the study following removal of at least 1 impacted mandibular third molar . Patients received a single dose of study medication when their postoperative pain reached a moderate or severe intensity . Analgesic efficacy measures included the time to meaningful pain relief measured using a stopwatch and time to rescue medication . Pain relief -LRB- PR -RRB- and Pain intensity -LRB- PI -RRB- ratings were recorded at 0.25 , 0.5 , 0.75 , 1 , 1.5 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 8 , and 24 hours postdosing . Summary analgesic measures , including Summed Pain Relief Score -LRB- TOTPAR -RRB- and Summed Pain Intensity Differences -LRB- SPID -RRB- , were calculated from the 0.25 - to 6-hour responses . The time between pain relief and rescue and a global evaluation for the effectiveness of the study medications were recorded at the end of the study . Seven scheduled blood samples were collected from each patient for determining plasma concentrations of diclofenac anion . Both diclofenac sodium softgel and Cataflam were significantly more effective than placebo -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- for all summary analgesic measures . The average overall pain relief was substantially better from diclofenac sodium softgel than from Cataflam , but the difference was not statistically significant -LRB- P = .14 -RRB- . In patients taking diclofenac sodium softgel , 50 % of the patients experienced a time to onset of analgesic activity within 18 minutes and the median analgesic duration was 5 hours -LRB- 302 minutes -RRB- . Fifty percent of the patients taking Cataflam had a time to onset of action within 38 minutes , and the median duration of analgesia was 4.5 hours -LRB- 272 minutes -RRB- . At the time of rescue drug administration or 6 hours , whichever was earlier , 72 % of the patients given diclofenac sodium softgel rated the medication as a very good or excellent pain reliever , whereas only 45 % of the patients taking Cataflam gave these ratings . No serious adverse events were observed in this study . The mean concentrations of diclofenac from the diclofenac sodium softgel formulation were significantly different from the Cataflam formulation . The mean C -LRB- max -RRB- for
Psychological distress , defined as depression , anxiety , and insomnia in this study , can occur following the birth of a baby as new mothers , in addition to marked physiological changes , are faced with adapting to new roles and responsibilities . We investigated the cooccurrence of stress , depression , anxiety , and insomnia in mothers during the postpartum period ; tested the feasibility of study methods and procedures for use in this population ; and identified new mothers interest in using cranial electrotherapy stimulation -LRB- CES -RRB- as an intervention for reducing psychological distress . We recruited healthy , low-risk , English speaking first-time mothers , ages 18-32 years , with healthy babies -LRB- <i> N </i> = 33 -RRB- , within 12 months of an uncomplicated birth . Participants completed the PSS , HAM-D <sub> 14 </sub> , HAM-A <sub> 17 </sub> , and PSQI <sub> 19 </sub> . No problems were encountered with study procedures . Mothers reported a high interest -LRB- 4.9 -RRB- in the potential use of CES to treat or prevent the occurrence of psychological distress . All participants -LRB- <i> N </i> = 33 -RRB- reported moderate levels of depression and anxiety , while 75.8 % -LRB- <i> n </i> = 25 -RRB- reported insomnia .
Multicentre randomized controlled studies now demonstrate high efficacy of topical photodynamic therapy -LRB- PDT -RRB- for actinic keratoses , Bowen 's disease -LRB- BD -RRB- and superficial basal cell carcinoma -LRB- BCC -RRB- , and efficacy in thin nodular BCC , while confirming the superiority of cosmetic outcome over standard therapies . Long-term follow-up studies are also now available , indicating that PDT has recurrence rates equivalent to other standard therapies in BD and superficial BCC , but with lower sustained efficacy than surgery in nodular BCC . In contrast , current evidence does not support the use of topical PDT for squamous cell carcinoma . PDT can reduce the number of new lesions developing in patients at high risk of skin cancer and may have a role as a preventive therapy . Case reports and small series attest to the potential of PDT in a wide range of inflammatory/infective dermatoses , although recent studies indicate insufficient evidence to support its use in psoriasis . There is an accumulating evidence base for the use of PDT in acne , while detailed study of an optimized protocol is still required . In addition to high-quality treatment site cosmesis , several studies observe improvements in aspects of photoageing . Management of treatment-related pain/discomfort is a challenge in a minority of patients , and the modality is otherwise well tolerated . Long-term studies provide reassurance over the safety of repeated use of PDT . Topical photodynamic therapy -LRB- PDT -RRB- is a widely used non-invasive treatment for certain non-melanoma skin cancers , permitting treatment of large and multiple lesions with excellent cosmesis . High efficacy is demonstrated for PDT using standardized protocols in non-hyperkeratotic actinic keratoses , Bowen 's disease , superficial basal cell carcinomas -LRB- BCC -RRB- and in certain thin nodular BCC , with superiority of cosmetic outcome over conventional therapies . Recurrence rates following PDT are typically equivalent to existing therapies , although higher than surgery for nodular BCC . PDT is not recommended for invasive squamous cell carcinoma . Treatment is generally well tolerated , but tingling discomfort or pain is common during PDT . New studies identify patients most likely to experience discomfort and permit earlier adoption of pain-minimization strategies . Understanding the interactions of non-ionizing radiation with living organisms has been the focus of much research over recent decades . The complex nature of these interactions warrants development of theoretical and experimental studies to gain an insight into predicting and monitoring the success of photodynamic therapy -LRB- PDT -RRB- protocols . There is a major impetus towards evidence-based recommendations for patient diagnosis , treatment and management . Knowledge of the biophysical aspects of PDT is important for improving dosimetry protocols . Fluorescence in clinical PDT may be used to detect and diagnose pre-malignant and malignant conditions , while photobleaching can monitor changes in fluorescence during treatment . Combining empirical fluorescence photobleaching clinical data with computational modelling enables clinical PDT dosimetry protocols to be investigated with a view to optimising treatment regimes . We will discuss how Monte Carlo radiation transfer -LRB- MCRT -RRB- modelling has been intercalated in the field of fluorescence detection and PDT . In this paper we highlight important aspects of basic research in PDT by reporting on the current utilisation of fluorescence in clinical PDT from both a clinical and theoretical perspective . Understanding and knowledge of light propagation in biological tissue from these perspectives should have a positive impact on treatment planning . Actinic keratoses -LRB- AKs -RRB- are generally accepted as common precursor lesions to invasive squamous cell carcinoma . Clinical and laboratory observations have demonstrated that temperature modulation can affect PDT efficacy . To demonstrate thermal PDT increases apoptotic cell death , and to investigate the mechanistic role of reactive oxygen species -LRB- ROS -RRB- free radicals in an in vitro human skin fibroblast model . This study was completed using commercially available primary human skin fibroblasts treated with aminolaevulinic acid -LRB- ALA -RRB- at specific concentrations and controlled temperatures . Cell death , apoptosis and superoxide ROS levels were quantified . We found that thermal PDT with 0 · 5 mmol L -LRB- -1 -RRB- ALA resulted in significant temperature-dependent increases in total apoptosis and superoxide ROS generation between 33 °C and 42 °C . Our results indicate that thermal PDT significantly increases apoptotic cell death through increased generation of superoxide ROS in a temperature-dependent manner . Topical Photodynamic therapy -LRB- PDT -RRB- is an effective treatment for superficial non-melanoma skin cancers -LRB- NMSC -RRB- and dysplasia . During PDT light activates the photosensitiser -LRB- PpIX -RRB- , metabolised from a topical pro-drug . A combination of PpIX , light and molecular oxygen results in inflammation and cell death . However , the outcomes of the treatment could be better . Insufficient biosynthesis of PpIX may be one of the causes of incomplete response or recurrence . Measuring surface fluorescence is usually employed as a means of studying PpIX formation . The aim of this work was to develop a device and a method for convenient fluorescence imaging in clinical settings to gather information on PpIX metabolism in healthy skin and NMSC with a view to improving PDT regimes . A handheld fluorescence camera and a time course imaging method was developed and used in healthy volunteers and patients diagnosed with basal cell carcinoma -LRB- BCC -RRB- and actinic keratosis -LRB- AK -RRB- . The photosensitiser -LRB- precursor -RRB- creams used were 5-aminolaevulinic acid -LRB- ALA ; Ameluz -LRB- ® -RRB- -RRB- and methyl aminolevulinate -LRB- MAL ; Metvix -LRB- ® -RRB- -RRB- . Pain was assessed using a visual analogue score immediately after the PDT . Fluorescence due to PpIX increases over three hours incubation in healthy skin and in lesional BCC and AK . Distribution of PpIX fluorescence varies between the lesion types and between subjects . There was no significant correlation between PpIX fluorescence characteristics and pro-drug , diagnosis or pain experienced . However , there
Despite the growing burden of dementia in low-income countries , there are few previous data on the prevalence of dementia in sub-Saharan Africa . The aim of this study was to estimate the prevalence of dementia in those who are 70 years and older in the rural Hai District of Tanzania . This was a two-phase cross-sectional survey . Using census data , we screened individuals aged 70 years and older from six rural villages using the Community Screening Instrument for Dementia in Phase I . In Phase II , a stratified sample of those identified in Phase I were clinically assessed using the DSM-IV criteria . Of 1198 people who fulfilled the inclusion criteria , 184 screened positive for probable dementia , and 104 screened positive for possible dementia using the Community Screening Instrument for Dementia . During clinical assessment in Phase II , 78 cases of dementia were identified according to the DSM-IV criteria . Prevalence rates increased significantly with increasing age . The prevalence of dementia in this rural Tanzanian population is similar to that reported in high-income countries . Dementia is likely to become a significant health burden in this population as demographic transition continues . Further research on risk factors for dementia in sub-Saharan Africa is needed to inform policy makers and plan local health services . A screening instrument was developed from retrospective data collected in a rural area of Tanzania in 2010 . The community screening instrument for dementia was administered to over 95 % of the population aged 70 years and older of 6 villages -LRB- n = 1198 -RRB- in Hai district , Tanzania . Factor analysis , regression modeling , and Mokken scale analysis -LRB- MSA -RRB- were used to develop screening instruments from these data , which were then tested and refined during prospective fieldwork . A 5-item screening instrument with an area under the receiver-operating characteristic -LRB- AUROC -RRB- curve of 0.871 , sensitivity of 91.7 % , and specificity of 61.7 % was developed using a combination of factor analysis and logistic regression modeling and had a higher AUROC -LRB- 0.786 -RRB- than a 7-item screening instrument developed using MSA . During prospective testing and refinement -LRB- n = 60 -RRB- , the 5-item instrument performed well -LRB- AUROC 0.867 -RRB- and took an average of less than 10 minutes to administer . Its performance was improved by including a matchstick design item added to measure praxis , AUROC 0.888 . The 6-item brief dementia screening instrument has acceptable properties and will be further tested and validated during future fieldwork .
: A dose-escalation study was conducted followed by assessment of safety , tolerability , serum concentrations , and immunogenicity during a second consecutive RSV season . In season 1 , premature infants aged < or = 6 months or children < or = 24 months with chronic lung disease of prematurity received monthly motavizumab -LRB- 3 or 15 mg/kg -RRB- . In season 2 , children who received > or = 3 motavizumab doses in season 1 were randomized to receive monthly motavizumab or palivizumab 15 mg/kg . : Of 217 children enrolled in season 1 , 211 -LRB- 97.2 % -RRB- received motavizumab 15 mg/kg and 205 -LRB- 94.5 % -RRB- patients completed the study through 90 days after the final dose . The most commonly reported related adverse event was transient injection site erythema . In season 1 , mean trough motavizumab concentrations were 7.9 and 50.2 microg/mL after the 3 - and 15-mg/kg doses , respectively . Trough concentrations increased with repeated motavizumab dosing ; a similar pattern was seen in season 2 . Antimotavizumab reactivity occurred infrequently -LRB- 3.3 % -RRB- in season 1 . In season 2 , no treatment group-specific antidrug antibody was detected through 90 to 120 days after dosing with either product . : The pharmacokinetic profile of motavizumab was similar to that of other IgG1 antibodies . Increased adverse reactions or immunogenicity were not observed during and after a second season of treatment with motavizumab . Safety findings from these studies supported the continued development of motavizumab .
About 80 % of endometrial cancer survivors -LRB- ECS -RRB- are overweight or obese and have sedentary behaviors . Lifestyle behavior interventions are promising for improving dietary and physical activity behaviors , but the constructs associated with their effectiveness are often inadequately reported . The aim of this study was to systematically adapt an evidence-based behavior change program to improve healthy lifestyle behaviors in ECS . Following a review of the literature , focus groups and interviews were conducted with ECS -LRB- n = 16 -RRB- . Social Cognitive Theory and Control Theory guided the adaptation of the intervention . The process consisted of eight 90-min group sessions focusing on shaping outcome expectations , knowledge , self-efficacy , and goals about healthy eating and physical activity . Information on managing fatigue and bowel issues unique to ECS were added . Systematic intervention mapping provided a framework to design a cancer survivor-centered lifestyle intervention . ECS welcomed the intervention and provided essential feedback for its adaptation . The program has been evaluated through a randomized controlled trial .
Incidental reports collected in clinical trials suggest that amongst participants , omega-3 fatty acids derived from fish oil -LRB- ` omega-3 ' -RRB- may be difficult to blind . We conducted a systematic evaluation of blinding success in a 24-week trial of omega-3 versus an oil-based placebo . Within 1 week of supplement commencement -LRB- Week 1 -RRB- , a blinding questionnaire was completed by 131 children enrolled in a trial of omega-3 for the treatment of disruptive behaviour disorders . A version of the questionnaire was also completed by their parents at Week 1 , and by the children at the end of supplement administration -LRB- Week 24 -RRB- . Participants were unable to differentiate omega-3 from placebo , and accuracy did not improve as a function of : the confidence of guesses , reason for guesses , notice of any change , beliefs about what should change , or time . Child and parent guesses also showed high concordance . Taken together , these data provide strong evidence that the identity of omega-3 can be blinded to participants . To investigate and report the diet quality of young Australian women by pregnancy status . Pregnancy status was defined as pregnant -LRB- n 606 -RRB- , trying to conceive -LRB- n 454 -RRB- , had a baby in the last 12 months -LRB- n 829 -RRB- and other -LRB- n 5597 -RRB- . The Dietary Questionnaire for Epidemiological Studies was used to calculate diet quality using the Australian Recommended Food Score -LRB- ARFS -RRB- methodology . Nutrient intakes were compared with the Nutrient Reference Values for Australia and New Zealand . A population-based cohort participating in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women 's Health -LRB- ALSWH -RRB- . A nationally representative sample of Australian women , aged 25 to 30 years , who completed Survey 3 of the ALSWH . The 7486 women with biologically plausible energy intake estimates , defined as > 4.5 but < 20.0 MJ/d , were included in the analyses . Pregnancy status was not significantly predictive of diet quality , before or after adjusting for area of residence and socio-economic status . Pregnant women and those who had given birth in the previous 12 months had marginally higher ARFS -LRB- mean -LRB- se -RRB- : 30.2 -LRB- 0.4 -RRB- and 30.2 -LRB- 0.3 -RRB- , respectively -RRB- than ` other ' women -LRB- 29.1 -LRB- 0.1 -RRB- -RRB- . No single food group accounted for this small difference . Across all pregnancy categories there were important nutrients that did not meet the current nationally recommended levels of intake , including dietary folate and fibre . Women do not appear to consume a wider variety of nutritious foods when planning to become pregnant or during pregnancy . Many young Australian women are failing to meet key nutrient targets as nationally recommended . Shifting dietary patterns , a decline in energy expenditure associated with a sedentary lifestyle , an ageing population -- together with tobacco use and alcohol consumption -- are major risk factors for noncommunicable diseases and pose an increasing challenge to public health . This report of a Joint WHO/FAO Expert Consultation reviews the evidence on the effects of diet and nutrition on chronic diseases and makes recommendations for public health policies and strategies that encompass societal , behavioural and ecological dimensions . Although the primary aim of the Consultation was to set targets related to diet and nutrition , the importance of physical activity was also emphasized . The Consultation considered diet in the context of the macro-economic implications of public health recommendations on agriculture and the global supply and demand for fresh and processed foodstuffs . In setting out ways to decrease the burden of chronic diseases such as obesity , type 2 diabetes , cardiovascular diseases -LRB- including hypertension and stroke -RRB- , cancer , dental diseases and osteoporosis , this report proposes that nutrition should be placed at the forefront of public health policies and programmes . This report will be of interest to policy-makers and public health professionals alike , in a wide range of disciplines including nutrition , general medicine and gerontology . It shows how , at the population level , diet and exercise throughout the life course can reduce the threat of a global epidemic of chronic diseases . It is the position of the American Dietetic Association -LRB- ADA -RRB- and Dietitians of Canada -LRB- DC -RRB- that dietary fat for the adult population should provide 20 % to 35 % of energy and emphasize a reduction in saturated fatty acids and trans-fatty acids and an increase in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids . ADA and DC recommend a food-based approach for achieving these fatty acid recommendations ; that is , a dietary pattern high in fruits and vegetables , whole grains , legumes , nuts and seeds , lean protein -LRB- ie , lean meats , poultry , and low-fat dairy products -RRB- , fish -LRB- especially fatty fish high in n-3 fatty acids -RRB- , and use of nonhydrogenated margarines and oils . Implicit to these recommendations for dietary fatty acids is that unsaturated fatty acids are the predominant fat source in the diet . These fatty acid recommendations are made in the context of a diet consistent with energy needs -LRB- ie , to promote a healthful body weight -RRB- . ADA and DC recognize that scientific knowledge about the effects of dietary fats on human health is incomplete and take a prudent approach in recommending a reduction in those fatty acids that increase risk of disease , while promoting intake of those fatty acids that benefit health . Registered dietitians play a pivotal role in translating dietary recommendations for fat and fatty acids into healthful dietary patterns for different population groups . There is considerable interest in the impact of -LRB- n-3 -RRB- long-chain PUFA in mitigating the morbidity and mortality caused by chronic diseases . In 2002 , the Institute of
The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome is high among U.S. adults . Our purpose was to determine whether the prevalence of this syndrome has changed since 1988-1994 . A total of 6,436 men and women aged > or = 20 years from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey -LRB- NHANES -RRB- III -LRB- 1988-1994 -RRB- and 1,677 participants from NHANES 1999-2000 were included in the analyses . We used the definition of the metabolic syndrome developed by the Third Report of the National Cholesterol Education Program Expert Panel on Detection , Evaluation , and Treatment of High Blood Cholesterol in Adults . The unadjusted prevalence of the metabolic syndrome was 23.1 % in NHANES III and 26.7 % in NHANES 1999-2000 -LRB- P = 0.043 -RRB- , and the age-adjusted prevalences were 24.1 and 27.0 % -LRB- P = 0.088 -RRB- , respectively . Increases in high blood pressure , waist circumference , and hypertriglyceridemia accounted for much of the increase in the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome , particularly among women . The increased prevalence of the metabolic syndrome is likely to lead to future increases in diabetes and cardiovascular disease . To compare the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome using two definitions : one proposed by the Third Report of the National Cholesterol Education Program Expert Panel on Detection , Evaluation , and Treatment of High Blood Cholesterol in Adults -LRB- Adult Treatment Panel III -LSB- ATP III -RSB- -RRB- and one by the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- . We used data from a nationally representative sample of the noninstitutionalized civilian population of the U.S. from the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey , a cross-sectional health examination survey -LRB- 1988-1994 -RRB- . Among all participants , 86.2 % were classified as either having or not having the metabolic syndrome under both definitions . Estimates differed substantially for some subgroups , however . For example , in African-American men , the WHO estimate was 24.9 % , compared with the ATP III estimate of 16.5 % . A universally accepted definition of the metabolic syndrome is needed . The Third Report of the National Cholesterol Education Program Expert Panel on Detection , Evaluation , and Treatment of High Blood Cholesterol in Adults -LRB- ATP III -RRB- highlights the importance of treating patients with the metabolic syndrome to prevent cardiovascular disease . Limited information is available about the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in the United States , however . To estimate the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in the United States as defined by the ATP III report . Analysis of data on 8814 men and women aged 20 years or older from the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey -LRB- 1988-1994 -RRB- , a cross-sectional health survey of a nationally representative sample of the noninstitutionalized civilian US population . Prevalence of the metabolic syndrome as defined by ATP III -LRB- > / = 3 of the following abnormalities -RRB- : waist circumference greater than 102 cm in men and 88 cm in women ; serum triglycerides level of at least 150 mg/dL -LRB- 1.69 mmol/L -RRB- ; high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level of less than 40 mg/dL -LRB- 1.04 mmol/L -RRB- in men and 50 mg/dL -LRB- 1.29 mmol/L -RRB- in women ; blood pressure of at least 130/85 mm Hg ; or serum glucose level of at least 110 mg/dL -LRB- 6.1 mmol/L -RRB- . The unadjusted and age-adjusted prevalences of the metabolic syndrome were 21.8 % and 23.7 % , respectively . The prevalence increased from 6.7 % among participants aged 20 through 29 years to 43.5 % and 42.0 % for participants aged 60 through 69 years and aged at least 70 years , respectively . Mexican Americans had the highest age-adjusted prevalence of the metabolic syndrome -LRB- 31.9 % -RRB- . The age-adjusted prevalence was similar for men -LRB- 24.0 % -RRB- and women -LRB- 23.4 % -RRB- . However , among African Americans , women had about a 57 % higher prevalence than men did and among Mexican Americans , women had about a 26 % higher prevalence than men did . Using 2000 census data , about 47 million US residents have the metabolic syndrome . These results from a representative sample of US adults show that the metabolic syndrome is highly prevalent . The large numbers of US residents with the metabolic syndrome may have important implications for the health care sector .
To establish that increased autofluorescence of mitochondrial flavoproteins , an indicator of mitochondrial oxidative stress , correlates with retinal cell dysfunction . Retinal flavoprotein autofluorescence -LRB- FA -RRB- was imaged in humans with a fundus camera modified with 467DF8-nm excitation and 535-nm emission filters and a back-illuminated , electron-multiplying , charge-coupled device camera interfaced with a computer equipped with customized image capture software . Multiple digital images , centered on the fovea , were obtained from each eye . Histograms of pixel intensities in grayscale units were analyzed for average intensity and average curve width . Control patients demonstrated low levels of retinal FA , which increased progressively with age . Diabetics without visible retinopathy demonstrated increased FA levels compared to control volunteers -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . Diabetics with retinopathy demonstrated significantly higher FA values than those without retinopathy -LRB- P < .04 -RRB- . Patients with ARMD , central serous retinopathy , or retinal dystrophies also demonstrated significantly increased FA . Compared to control RPE cells , cells oxidatively stressed with H2O2 had significantly elevated FA -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- , which was prevented by antioxidants -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- . Retinal FA is significantly increased with age and diseases known to be mediated by oxidative stress . Retinal FA imaging may provide a novel , noninvasive method of assessing retinal health and retinal dysfunction prior to retinal cell death . Current retinal imaging techniques using scanning laser ophthalmoscopy -LRB- SLO -RRB- provide a powerful mechanism for characterizing the topographical distribution of lipofuscin fluorophores and atrophic lesions -LRB- ALs -RRB- in retinal disease . In this paper we describe a novel Edge-Flow-Driven Variational Image Segmentation analysis to measure and evaluate progressive change in the area of ALs as well as regions of hyperfluorescence -LRB- HF -RRB- . The algorithm is embedded in a series of almost completely automated image processing steps that allow rapid comparison of serial images . The sensitivity of the methodology to detect change was evaluated by measuring progression of AF lesion size in a cohort of Stargardt Macular Dystrophy -LRB- STGD -RRB- patients . Fifty-two STGD subjects -LRB- mean age = 41.0 + / - 16.6 years , range 9-78 yrs -RRB- at varying stages of disease participated in this prospective study . Twenty-four of the 52 subjects presented with atrophic lesions in one or both eyes on first evaluation . For this subgroup of subjects , the mean -LRB- + / -1 sd -RRB- follow-up time was 2.92 -LRB- +0.26 -RRB- years -LRB- range 0.57-3.26 years -RRB- and the mean -LRB- + / -1 sd -RRB- rate of change was found to be approximately 0.94 -LRB- + / -0.87 -RRB- mm -LRB- 2 -RRB- / year -LRB- range 0.2-2.13 mm -LRB- 2 -RRB- / yr -RRB- . With this methodology , progressive enlargement of AL area was detectable in as little as one year , while regions of HF generally decreased , although there was considerable variability in the appearnce of HF , presumably reflecting the combined effects of the creation or expansion of lipofuscin deposits and resorption and loss associated with retinal cell death . Our findings suggest that this methodology is sufficiently sensitive to detect change and provides a clinically relevant tool to monitor progression not only with regards to natural history , but also to evaluate the efficacy of potential therapeutic interventions in STGD . Finally , we evaluated the association between AL area and measures of rod - and cone-mediated retinal function , as assessed with electroretinography -LRB- ERG -RRB- . In general , the larger the AL , the poorer the ERG response , with a greater impact of lesion size on cone - rather than rod-mediated retinal function , a finding that was expected on the basis of the location and size of the AL and the distribution of rod - and cone-photoreceptors .
The oculocardiac reflex -LRB- OCR -RRB- , bradycardia that occurs during strabismus surgery is a type of trigemino-cardiac reflex -LRB- TCR -RRB- is blocked by anticholinergics and enhanced by opioids and dexmedetomidine . Two recent studies suggest that deeper inhalational anesthesia monitored by BIS protects against OCR ; we wondered if our data correlated similarly . In an ongoing , prospective study of OCR/TCR elicited by 10-s , 200 g square-wave traction on extraocular muscles -LRB- EOM -RRB- from 2009 to 2013 , anesthetic depth was estimated in cohorts using either BIS or Narcotrend monitors . The depth of anesthesia was deliberately varied between first and second EOM tested . From 1992 through 2013 , 2833 cases of OCR during strabismus surgery were monitored . Excluding re-operations and cases with anticholinergic , OCR from first EOM traction averaged - 20.2 ± 21.8 % -LRB- S.D. -RRB- with a range from - 95 to + 25 % in patients aged 0.2 to 90 -LRB- median 6.5 -RRB- years . We did not find correlation between % OCR and brain wave for 97 patients with BIS monitoring and 91 with Narcotrend . Secondary multi-variable analysis demonstrated significant association on % OCR particularly with BIS monitor , opioid , propofol and nitrous oxide concentration in the second EOM tensioned . Sevoflurane concentration correlated better with BIS monitor in second and third EOM tension . % OCR correlated with younger age -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- . We were unable to confirm a direct correlation between brain wave monitor and OCR when using multifactorial anesthetic agents . The discrepency with other studies probably reflects direct impact of inhalational agent concentration and less deliberate quantification of EOM tension . We found no level of BIS or Entropy EEG monitoring that uniformly prevents OCR . NCT03663413 . http://www.abcd-vision.org/OCR/OCR%20Brainwave%20de-identified.pdf .
The aim of this study was to characterize the nature of analgesic interaction between nefopam and morphine administered i.v. for postoperative pain after minor surgery . To do so , we defined the median effective analgesic dose -LRB- ED -LRB- 50 -RRB- -RRB- for each drug and also the median ED -LRB- 50 -RRB- of their combination and compared them using the isobolographic method . Determination of median effective doses was performed by the up-and-down sequential drug administration in a two-stage study . First , in a prospective , randomized , double-blinded study , we enrolled 60 patients with mild to moderate pain after minor surgery ; this was followed by an open study enrolling 30 patients . The end-point was a pain score less than 3 on a Numerical Pain Scale -LRB- 0-10 -RRB- . Initial doses were 16 mg in group N , 5 mg in group M , and 7.5 mg of N combined with 2.5 mg of M in group N+M . The testing interval was 2 mg in group N , 1 mg in group M , and 1.5 mg of N combined with 0.5 mg of M in group N+M . ED -LRB- 50 -RRB- -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -RRB- was 5 mg -LRB- 4-6 mg -RRB- for morphine , 18 mg -LRB- 16-18 mg -RRB- for nefopam , and 4 mg -LRB- 3.5-4.5 mg -RRB- with 12 mg -LRB- 10.5-13.5 mg -RRB- for the combination of morphine and nefopam administered at a 3:1 dose ratio . Isobolographic analysis demonstrated a significant infra-additive interaction . The incidence of side effects did not differ significantly among morphine , nefopam , and their combination . These findings suggest that the combination of nefopam and morphine does not offer any advantage compared to each drug administered i.v. or alone after minor surgery . This study is the first to define the ED -LRB- 50 -RRB- of nefopam and morphine in postoperative patients . In conclusion , the addition of nefopam has a morphine-sparing effect , but the combination is infra-additive . Pharmacologic interaction between nefopam and morphine shows infra-additivity but their combination may be clinically useful as morphine consumption is decreased in postoperative patients . There is concern that opioid-based analgesia will worsen sleep-related respiratory insufficiency in patients with obstructive sleep apnea -LRB- OSA -RRB- , resulting in serious morbidity or mortality . However , there are no studies that directly address the merit of this concern . Consequently , the authors designed this study as the first prospective , double-blind , placebo-controlled investigation of opioid pharmacology in patients with documented OSA . Patients -LRB- n = 19 -RRB- with moderate OSA documented by polysomnography -LRB- sleep study -RRB- were randomized to undergo an additional sleep study while receiving either a saline infusion or a remifentanil infusion -LRB- 0.075 microg x kg x h -RRB- . Sleep stages , apneas , hypopneas , and arterial hemoglobin oxygen saturation were continually recorded during saline or remifentanil infusion , and were compared with values obtained during the patients ' earlier sleep study . Saline infusion had no effect on sleep or respiratory variables . In contrast , remifentanil increased Stage 1 sleep , markedly decreased rapid eye movement sleep , increased arousals from sleep , and decreased sleep efficiency . Remifentanil actually decreased the number of obstructive apneas , but markedly increased the number of central apneas . Arterial hemoglobin oxygen saturation was also significantly lower in OSA patients receiving remifentanil . The decrease in obstructive apneas likely resulted from the marked decrease in rapid eye movement sleep caused by remifentanil . Despite fewer obstructions , OSA was worse during remifentanil infusion because of a marked increase in the number of central apneas . These data suggest that caution is warranted when administering opioids to subjects with moderate OSA , but that the primary risk may be central apnea , not obstructive apnea . To compare standard nurse-based pain therapy with a patient-controlled analgesia -LRB- PCA -RRB- regimen . Prospective , randomized study . Single-institutional , clinical investigation in an urban , university-affiliated hospital . Sixty patients undergoing elective first-time cardiac surgery were included . In 30 patients , a standard analgesic regimen was used , and in 30 patients , a PCA regimen was used . The perioperative and postoperative management was similar for all patients . Degree of sedation , satisfaction , and pain -LRB- by visual analog scale -LSB- VAS -RSB- -RRB- was assessed within the first 3 postoperative days . Vital capacity -LRB- VC -RRB- and forced expiratory volume in 1 second -LRB- FEV1 -RRB- were measured using a portable spirometry system . Cortisol and troponin T -LRB- TnT -RRB- plasma levels were also measured . The expectation of pain was similar in both groups , and the postoperative pain score was significantly lower in the PCA than in the standard group throughout the study period . Significantly more piritramid was used in the PCA -LRB- total , 75.6 + / - 33.4 mg -RRB- than in the standard group -LRB- total , 20.1 + / - 31.9 mg -RRB- . VC and FEV1 were significantly lower in the standard group compared with the PCA patients . Cortisol and TnT plasma levels were similar in both groups . Frequency of side effects were similar for both groups . Because of the beneficial effects with regard to degree of pain and satisfaction , pain management using PCA systems can be recommended for cardiac surgery patients . In developing animals , central opioid neuropeptide content is high , and opioid receptors are up-regulated after recurrent hypoxia . The authors hypothesized that children with recurrent hypoxemia due to OSA might have altered central opioid functionality that could affect their responsiveness to opioid drugs . Using a retrospective database , we assessed the relation of age and preoperative oxygen saturation to the cumulative postoperative morphine dose administered for analgesia in children with OSA undergoing adenotonsillectomy . Inclusion criteria
Absorption , metabolism , and excretion of paliperidone , an atypical antipsychotic , was studied in five healthy male subjects after a single dose of 1 mg of -LSB- -LRB- 14 -RRB- C -RSB- paliperidone oral solution -LRB- approximately 16 microCi/subject -RRB- . One week after dosing , 88.4 to 93.8 % -LRB- mean 91.1 % -RRB- of the administered radioactivity was excreted : 77.1 to 87.1 % -LRB- mean 79.6 % -RRB- in urine and 6.8 to 14.4 % -LRB- mean 11.4 % -RRB- in the feces . Renal excretion was the major route of elimination with 59 % of the dose excreted unchanged in urine . About half of the renal excretion occurred by active secretion . Unchanged drug was not detected in feces . Four metabolic pathways were identified as being involved in the elimination of paliperidone , each of which accounted for up to a maximum of 6.5 % of the biotransformation of the total dose . Biotransformation of the drug occurred through oxidative N-dealkylation -LRB- formation of the acid metabolite M1 -RRB- , monohydroxylation of the alicyclic ring -LRB- M9 -RRB- , alcohol dehydrogenation -LRB- formation of the ketone metabolite M12 -RRB- , and benzisoxazole scission -LRB- formation of M11 -RRB- , the latter in combination with glucuronidation -LRB- M16 -RRB- or alicyclic hydroxylation -LRB- M10 -RRB- . Unchanged drug , M1 , M9 , M12 , and M16 were detected in urine ; M10 and M11 were detected in feces . The monohydroxylated metabolite M9 was solely present in urine samples of extensive CYP2D6 metabolizers , whereas M10 , another metabolite monohydroxylated at the alicyclic ring system , was present in feces of poor metabolizers as well . In conclusion , paliperidone is not metabolized extensively and is primarily renally excreted .
Human papillomaviruses -LRB- HPVs -RRB- are associated with a spectrum of diseases , ranging from common warts to invasive carcinoma of the genital tract . The clinical manifestations of HPV infection depend on the viral subtype , the immune status of the patient , and environmental co-carcinogens . Infection with HPV is often asymptomatic , which makes viral detection challenging . We discuss the pathogenesis , clinical manifestations , detection , and treatment of HPV infections of the anogenital tract . Infected wounds are still one of the great challenges in medicine . In the last decade , it has become increasingly clear that antimicrobial chemotherapy is limited by the spread of antimicrobial resistance . This paper reviews the antiseptic agent polihexanide -LRB- polyhexamethylene biguanide , PHMB -RRB- , one of the most promising substances available today , from a clinical point of view , focusing on efficacy , safety and clinical applications . Genital human papillomavirus infection is one of the most common sexually transmitted diseases . Polyhexamethylene biguanide is a new agent , that has been demonstrated to have potent in vivo antiviral effects in animal and in human models . The present prospective , double-blind , randomized , placebo -LRB- vehicle-controlled -RRB- trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of daily patient-applied polyhexamethylene biguanide for up to 16-weeks for the treatment of external genital warts . Wart recurrence was investigated during a 12-week treatment-free follow-up period . In the intent-to-treat analysis , baseline warts cleared from 49 of 94 -LRB- 52 % -RRB- patients treated with polyhexamethylene biguanide cream versus and 3 of 95 -LRB- 4 % -RRB- placebo patients ; the differences between the groups treated with placebo and polyhexamethylene biguanide were significant -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- . For subjects who completed the follow-up period , recurrence rates after a complete response were 19 % -LRB- 9 of 48 patients -RRB- in the polyhexamethylene biguanide cream group , 17 % cream group , and 0 % -LRB- 0 of 3 -RRB- in the placebo group . There were no systemic reactions , although local skin reactions -LRB- generally of mild or moderate severity -RRB- were common in the polyhexamethylene biguanide cream group . Local reactions caused two patients to discontinue treatment . The most frequently reported local skin reactions were erythema , excoriation or flaking , and erosion . Patient-applied polyhexamethylene biguanide cream is effective for the treatment of external genital warts and has a favorable safety profile .
The Allegheny County Health Department -LRB- ACHD -RRB- in Pennsylvania distributed the first guidelines for prevention and control of health care-acquired Legionnaires ' disease -LRB- LD -RRB- by 1995 . The proactive approach advocated in the guidelines differed notably from that of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -LRB- CDC -RRB- by recommending routine environmental testing of the hospital water distribution system even when cases of health care-acquired Legionnaires ' disease had never been identified . Our purpose was to -LRB- 1 -RRB- evaluate the impact of the ACHD guidelines on the Legionella diagnostic and preventive practices of health care facilities in Allegheny and surrounding counties and -LRB- 2 -RRB- compare the incidence of health care-acquired LD before and after issuance of the ACHD guidelines . CDC case reports of LD from 1991 to 2001 were tabulated and compiled by the ACHD Infectious Disease Unit and the Association for Professionals in Infection Control and Epidemiology , Inc , Three Rivers Chapter . A survey was distributed to 110 hospitals and long-term care facilities in the region . The results were analyzed as occurring either in the preguideline period -LRB- 1991-1994 -RRB- or postguideline period -LRB- 1995-2001 -RRB- . A significant decrease in the number of health care-acquired cases was demonstrated between the preguideline -LRB- 33 % -RRB- and postguideline -LRB- 9 % -RRB- periods -LRB- P = .0001 -RRB- . In contrast , community-acquired cases increased from 67 % pre guideline to 91 % post guideline . A total of 71 % of the facilities were colonized with Legionella . Disinfection of the water distribution system was initiated by 44 % of facilities . Use of urinary antigen testing significantly increased from 40 % pre guideline to 79 % post guideline -LRB- P = .0001 -RRB- . Health care-acquired LD declined significantly after the issuance of guidelines for prevention and control of health care-acquired LD . The decline was associated with health care facilities performing routine environmental monitoring of their water distribution systems followed by the initiation of disinfection methods if indicated . Two unanticipated benefits were -LRB- 1 -RRB- cases of LD in the community and long-term care facilities were uncovered as a result of increased availability of Legionella tests and -LRB- 2 -RRB- litigation and unfavorable publicity involving ACHD hospitals ceased . Clusters of travel associated legionnaires ' disease warrant urgent attention , and are detected by the French national surveillance system and the European network EWGLINET . Between September 2001 and August 2003 , 37 clusters were identified in French tourist accommodation : 27 hotels and 10 campsites . The number of clinical cases per cluster was as follows : 30 clusters of 2 cases -LRB- 81 % -RRB- , 6 clusters of 3 cases -LRB- 16 % -RRB- and one cluster of 4 cases -LRB- 3 % -RRB- , a total of 82 cases . The local health authorities performed environmental investigations for 36 of the 37 clusters . Among the 36 clusters investigated , water samples were collected for 35 . At 16 -LRB- 46 % -RRB- sites , Legionella pneumophila was found at a level of more than 103 cfu/litre . In all of the accommodation where risk assessment was found to be inadequate - control measures were implemented immediately . Six hotels were closed immediately following cluster alerts . Comparison of clinical and environmental isolates by pulsed field gel electrophoresis -LRB- PFGE -RRB- was possible in 3 clusters and identical genomic profiles of the isolates were found in all . During this two year period of surveillance , we found that on many sites there has been a risk of exposure to Legionella . This reinforces the importance of the European surveillance network and the timely notifications of all the cases to EWGLINET . Arbitrarily primed PCR with two different primers was compared with ribotyping and monoclonal antibody analysis for typing Legionella strains . Applied to 11 epidemiologically unrelated strains , arbitrarily primed PCR resulted in an index of discrimination of 100 % with both primers . It was found able to identify an epidemic clone of Legionella pneumophila serogroup 1 that was isolated from both patients and a hot water circuit of the same hospital . An analysis of 691 French clinical Legionella isolates showed that the endemic L. pneumophila serogroup 1 strain Paris was responsible for 12.2 % of all cases of legionellosis and had a specific pulsed-field gel electrophoresis pattern . We also demonstrated the presence of this endemic clone throughout Europe . A previously described sequence-based epidemiological typing method for clinical and environmental isolates of Legionella pneumophila serogroup 1 was extended by the investigation of three additional gene targets and modification of one of the previous targets . Excellent typeability , reproducibility , and epidemiological concordance were determined for isolates belonging to both serogroup 1 and the other serogroups investigated . Gene fragments were amplified from genomic DNA , and PCR amplicons were sequenced by using forward and reverse primers . Consensus sequences are entered into an online database , which allows the assignment of individual allele numbers . The resulting sequence-based type or allelic profile comprises a string of the individual allele numbers separated by commas , e.g. , 1,4,3,1,1,1 , in a predetermined order , i.e. , flaA , pilE , asd , mip , mompS , and proA . The index of discrimination -LRB- D -RRB- obtained with these six loci was calculated following analysis of a panel of 79 unrelated clinical isolates . A D value of > 0.94 was obtained , and this value appears to be sufficient for use in the epidemiological investigation of outbreaks caused by L. pneumophila . Sequence-based typing of L. pneumophila is epidemiologically concordant and discriminatory , and the data are easily transportable . This consensus method will assist in the epidemiological investigation of L. pneumophila infections , especially travel-associated cases , by which it will allow a rapid comparison of isolates obtained in more than one country
Motivational factors and initial stages of change -LRB- precontemplation vs. contemplation -RRB- were investigated among incarcerated male smokers forced to quit smoking due to a statewide smoking ban . All smokers completed a baseline questionnaire , which assessed smoking history , nicotine dependence -LSB- Fagerstrom Test for Nicotine Dependence -LRB- FTND -RRB- -RSB- , nicotine withdrawal -LSB- Hughes-Hatsukami Withdrawal Scale -LRB- HHWS -RRB- -RSB- , and depression -LSB- Center for Epidemiological Studies on Depression -LRB- CES-D -RRB- -RSB- . These measures were given again 4 days -LRB- Time 2 -RRB- and 1 month -LRB- Time 3 -RRB- following the smoking ban . At baseline -LRB- n = 314 -RRB- , 31.2 % of smokers were contemplating quitting within 6 months -LRB- contemplators -RRB- , while the majority of smokers -LRB- 68.8 % -RRB- indicated they had not considered quitting -LRB- precontemplators -RRB- . Contemplators at Time 2 reported more success with quitting smoking than precontemplators , although this was no longer significant by Time 3 . Logistic regression was used to determine the probability of determining initial stages of change based on demographic and smoking history variables . Smokers in precontemplation scored higher on the FTND , reported less agreement with the smoking policy at baseline , reported more difficulty with their previous quit attempts , and reported increased smoking in anticipation of the smoking ban . The risk of being a precontemplator was over twice as high for smokers who reported increasing the amount they smoked prior to the smoking ban -LRB- odds ratio = 2.42 -RRB- . Overall , this model correctly classified 70.7 % of the smokers . This suggests that initial stages of change plays an important role in eventual quitting even in environments in which smoking has been recently prohibited . The Mississippi Department of Corrections -LRB- MDOC -RRB- surveyed 866 female prisoners about tobacco use and interest in a smoking cessation program . The 27-item questionnaire assessed basic demographic information ; type of tobacco used , amounts and frequency of use , triggers for use , health status , family tobacco use and health status , money spent on tobacco products , cessation attempts , motivation and self-efficacy for smoking cessation , and interest in participating in a smoking cessation program . The majority of female inmates -LRB- 73.9 % -RRB- were current tobacco users and 71.5 % smoked cigarettes , with a mean of 14.6 cigarettes per day -LRB- cpd -RRB- . Approximately 12.5 % of current smokers reported a tobacco-related medical problem . Most -LRB- 60.6 % -RRB- had made at least one attempt to quit smoking and only 24.5 % felt `` very confident '' that they could quit if they made an attempt . Overall , 64.2 % of the smokers reported interest in participating in the smoking cessation program , with heavier smokers -LRB- 71.4 % -RRB- reporting the most interest in enrolling in the program . The high percentage of current tobacco users , high level of interest in smoking cessation , and presence of smoking-related health problems indicate a tremendous public and correctional health problem that is being ignored . Prochaska and DiClemente 's Transtheoretical Model predicts dropout from substance-abuse treatment . However , it is not known whether readiness to quit smoking is associated with attrition from drug treatment programs with smoking restrictions . This study examined the relationship between smoking characteristics , smoking stage of change , and both length of stay -LRB- LOS -RRB- and discharge type among 75 perinatal substance abusers attending a smoke-free residential treatment program . Women in action and maintenance remained in treatment longer and were more likely to complete treatment compared to those in precontemplation . Findings were not accounted for by addiction severity . Alternatively , smoking stage of change may be a `` proxy '' for overall readiness to change in this population . This study investigated symptoms of distress and nicotine dependence as predictors of nicotine withdrawal symptoms among 188 incarcerated male smokers during a mandated smoking ban . Participants completed a smoking history questionnaire and measures of nicotine dependence , withdrawal , cravings , and distress before the ban and two follow-up times . The majority of smokers -LRB- 76 % -RRB- continued to smoke following the smoking ban . Smokers after the ban were more nicotine dependent than were the participants who reported quitting . Smokers also reported more withdrawal symptoms than did participants who quit , even when accounting for nicotine dependence and baseline withdrawal scores . An interaction was found such that distressed smokers had the highest level of nicotine withdrawal . These results have implications for how smoking bans are instituted in prison settings .
This article discusses theoretical , psychometric , and practical considerations of quality of life assessment in older adults with cognitive impairment . It describes a new measure of quality of life in dementia , the QOL-AD , and examines the reliability and validity of patient and caregiver reports of patient quality of life . Subjects were 177 patient/caregiver dyads . Patient Mini Mental State Exam scores ranged from 0 to 29 , with a mean score of 16 -LRB- SD = 7 -RRB- . Each patient and caregiver rated the patient 's quality of life on the QOL-AD . Patient functional and cognitive status , psychological state , physical function , and behavior problems were also assessed . Reliability and validity of patient QOL-AD reports were examined across three levels of cognitive impairment . One hundred , fifty-five patients were able to complete the QOL-AD . Completers scored between 4 and 29 on the Mini Mental State Exam , whereas noncompleters all scored 10 or lower . Reliability for both patient and caregiver reports on the QOL-AD was good -LRB- alpha values ranged from 0.83 to 0.90 -RRB- . Validity of patient and caregiver reports across cognitive levels was supported by correlation with measures of depression -LRB- r = -0.41 to -0.65 -RRB- , day-to-day functioning -LRB- r = -0.10 to -0.45 -RRB- , and pleasant events frequency -LRB- r = 0.18 to 0.51 -RRB- . Intraclass correlation between patient and caregiver reports was positive across all cognitive levels -LRB- r = 0.14 to 0.39 -RRB- . The QOL-AD seems to be reliable and valid for individuals with MMSE scores greater than 10 . Further research is needed to clarify the relationship between patient and caregiver reports of patient quality of life and to identify factors that influence quality of life throughout the progression of dementia . Quality of life -LRB- QOL -RRB- is becoming increasingly important to measure the effect of interventions on the life of patients with Alzheimer 's disease -LRB- AD -RRB- , particularly on the most meaningful issues . However , most of the instruments used to measure QOL have not been validated in the Spanish population . The aim of this study was to determine the psychometric properties of a Spanish version of QoL Scale in patients with AD , carers and health professionals . On hundred and two patients , their carers and 25 health professionals were recruited from day centres . Patients ' QOL was rated by patients , carers and health professionals . The Health Utilities Index , Clinical Insight Rating Scale and Mini Mental State Examination were also administered . The internal and external reliability of QoL-AD were excellent . Criterion validity was indicated by a significant correlation of QoL-AD scores with HUI-3 and QoL-AD global item scores -LRB- p < .05 -RRB- . Lack of insight and cognitive impairment did not have an effect on these properties . QoL-AD scores were not significantly different between groups made according sociodemographic characteristics and cognitive impairment -LRB- p > .05 -RRB- . The exploratory factor analysis result revealed a three factor solution , which accounted for 61.3 % of variance : health factor , functional status factor , and social relationship-environment factor . QoL-AD Scale has proved to be a valid and reliable instrument to measure QoL of Spanish AD patients with mild-to-moderate cognitive impairment and a wide range of anosognosia . This article introduces the new 5-level EQ-5D -LRB- EQ-5D-5L -RRB- health status measure . EQ-5D currently measures health using three levels of severity in five dimensions . A EuroQol Group task force was established to find ways of improving the instrument 's sensitivity and reducing ceiling effects by increasing the number of severity levels . The study was performed in the United Kingdom and Spain . Severity labels for 5 levels in each dimension were identified using response scaling . Focus groups were used to investigate the face and content validity of the new versions , including hypothetical health states generated from those versions . Selecting labels at approximately the 25th , 50th , and 75th centiles produced two alternative 5-level versions . Focus group work showed a slight preference for the wording ` slight-moderate-severe ' problems , with anchors of ` no problems ' and ` unable to do ' in the EQ-5D functional dimensions . Similar wording was used in the Pain/Discomfort and Anxiety/Depression dimensions . Hypothetical health states were well understood though participants stressed the need for the internal coherence of health states . A 5-level version of the EQ-5D has been developed by the EuroQol Group . Further testing is required to determine whether the new version improves sensitivity and reduces ceiling effects . The purpose of the study was to develop a short and a screening version of the Zarit Burden Interview -LRB- ZBI -RRB- that would be suitable across diagnostic groups of cognitively impaired older adults , and that could be used for cross-sectional , longitudinal , and intervention studies . We used data from 413 caregivers of cognitively impaired older adults referred to a memory clinic . We collected information on caregiver burden with the 22-item ZBI , and information about dependence in activities of daily living -LRB- ADLs -RRB- and the frequency of problem behaviors among care recipients . We used factor analysis and item-total correlations to reduce the number of items while taking into consideration diagnosis and change scores . We produced a 12-item version -LRB- short -RRB- and a 4-item version -LRB- screening -RRB- of the ZBI . Correlations between the short and the full version ranged from 0.92 to 0.97 , and from 0.83 to 0.93 for the screening version . Correlations between the three versions and ADL and problem behaviors were similar . We further investigated the behavior of the short version with a two-way analysis of variance and found that it produced identical results to the full version . The short and screening versions of the ZBI produced
Stroke occurring with atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- is more likely to be fatal or more severe than non-AF stroke based on clinical series , but data from prospective epidemiological studies are sparse and inconsistent . Over 40-year follow-up of the original 5070 Framingham cohort , 501 initial ischemic strokes , including 103 with AF , were analyzed . Stroke severity was rated as none , mild , moderate , severe , or fatal . Since 1981 , functional status indicated by the Barthel index has been evaluated acutely and at 3 , 6 , and 12 months . Severity and functional status of AF strokes were compared with non-AF strokes using chi 2 test and Student 's t test . Thirty-day mortality was assessed by logistic regression analyses . AF was associated with increased stroke severity -LRB- P = .048 -RRB- . Thirty-day mortality was greater in AF strokes than in non-AF strokes -LRB- 25 % versus 14 % -RRB- . The multivariate-adjusted odds ratio for 30-day mortality for AF subjects was 1.84 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , 1.04 to 3.27 -RRB- . Since 1981 , follow-up was available for 150 initial ischemic strokes , including 30 with AF . Compared with the non-AF group , the AF group had poorer survival and more recurrences during 1 year of follow-up . The AF subjects had lower mean Barthel index scores acutely -LRB- 29.6 versus 58.6 , P < .001 -RRB- and at 3 months -LRB- P = .005 -RRB- , 6 months -LRB- P = .003 -RRB- , and 12 months -LRB- P = .130 -RRB- after stroke among survivors . Ischemic stroke associated with AF was nearly twice as likely to be fatal as non-AF stroke . Recurrence was more frequent , and functional deficits were more likely to be severe among survivors . Since stroke is usually the initial manifestation of embolism in AF , prevention is critical to reducing disability and mortality . The authors present an overview of the current evidence and management recommendations for evaluation and treatment of adults with acute ischemic stroke . The intended audiences are prehospital care providers , physicians , allied health professionals , and hospital administrators responsible for the care of acute ischemic stroke patients within the first 48 hours from stroke onset . These guidelines supersede the prior 2007 guidelines and 2009 updates . Members of the writing committee were appointed by the American Stroke Association Stroke Council 's Scientific Statement Oversight Committee , representing various areas of medical expertise . Strict adherence to the American Heart Association conflict of interest policy was maintained throughout the consensus process . Panel members were assigned topics relevant to their areas of expertise , reviewed the stroke literature with emphasis on publications since the prior guidelines , and drafted recommendations in accordance with the American Heart Association Stroke Council 's Level of Evidence grading algorithm . The goal of these guidelines is to limit the morbidity and mortality associated with stroke . The guidelines support the overarching concept of stroke systems of care and detail aspects of stroke care from patient recognition ; emergency medical services activation , transport , and triage ; through the initial hours in the emergency department and stroke unit . The guideline discusses early stroke evaluation and general medical care , as well as ischemic stroke , specific interventions such as reperfusion strategies , and general physiological optimization for cerebral resuscitation . Because many of the recommendations are based on limited data , additional research on treatment of acute ischemic stroke remains urgently needed . New oral anticoagulants -LRB- NOACs -RRB- are an alternative for vitamin K antagonists -LRB- VKAs -RRB- to prevent stroke in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- . Both physicians and patients will have to learn how to use these drugs effectively and safely in specific clinical situations . This text is an executive summary of a practical guide that the European Heart Rhythm Association -LRB- EHRA -RRB- has assembled to help physicians in the use of the different NOACs . The full text is being published in EP Europace . Practical answers have been formulated for 15 concrete clinical scenarios : -LRB- i -RRB- practical start-up and follow-up scheme for patients on NOACs ; -LRB- ii -RRB- how to measure the anticoagulant effect of NOACs ; -LRB- iii -RRB- drug-drug interactions and pharmacokinetics of NOACs ; -LRB- iv -RRB- switching between anticoagulant regimens ; -LRB- v -RRB- ensuring compliance of NOAC intake ; -LRB- vi -RRB- how to deal with dosing errors ; -LRB- vii -RRB- patients with chronic kidney disease ; -LRB- viii -RRB- what to do if there is a -LRB- suspected -RRB- overdose without bleeding , or a clotting test is indicating a risk of bleeding ? ; -LRB- ix -RRB- management of bleeding complications ; -LRB- x -RRB- patients undergoing a planned surgical intervention or ablation ; -LRB- xi -RRB- patients undergoing an urgent surgical intervention ; -LRB- xii -RRB- patients with AF and coronary artery disease ; -LRB- xiii -RRB- cardioversion in a NOAC-treated patient ; -LRB- xiv -RRB- patients presenting with acute stroke while on NOACs ; -LRB- xv -RRB- NOACs vs. VKAs in AF patients with a malignancy . Since new information is becoming available at a rapid pace , an EHRA web site with the latest updated information accompanies the guide -LRB- www.NOACforAF.eu -RRB- . It also contains links to the ESC AF Guidelines , a key message pocket booklet , print-ready files for a proposed universal NOAC anticoagulation card , and feedback possibilities . In 2013 , the European Heart Rhythm Association -LRB- EHRA -RRB- published a Practical Guide on the use of non-VKA oral anticoagulants -LRB- NOACs -RRB- in patients with atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- -LRB- Heidbuchel H , Verhamme P , Alings M , Antz M , Hacke W , Oldgren J , Sinnaeve P , Camm AJ , Kirchhof P , European Heart Rhythm A.
Treatment for nonresectable hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- is palliative . The relatively greater arteriolar density of hepatic tumors compared with normal liver suggests that intrahepatic arterial administration of 90Y-microspheres can be selectively deposited in tumor nodules and results in significantly greater radiation exposure to the tumor than external irradiation . The purpose of this study was to determine the proportion -LRB- frequency -RRB- and duration of response , survival , and toxicity after intrahepatic arterial injection of 90Y-microspheres in patients with HCC . Patients with documented HCC , Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status 0-3 , adequate bone marrow , and hepatic and pulmonary function were eligible for study . Patients who had significant shunting of blood to the lungs or gastrointestinal -LRB- GI -RRB- tract or who could not undergo cannulation of the hepatic artery were excluded . Patients received a planned dose of 100 Gy through a catheter placed into the hepatic artery . Twenty-two patients were treated with 90Y-microspheres ; 20 of the treated patients -LRB- median age , 62.5 y -RRB- were evaluated for treatment efficacy . Nine patients were Okuda stage I , and 11 were Okuda stage II . The median dose delivered was 104 Gy -LRB- range , 46-145 Gy -RRB- . All 22 treated patients experienced at least 1 adverse event . Of the 31 -LRB- 15 % -RRB- serious adverse events , the most common were elevations in liver enzymes and bilirubin and upper GI ulceration . The response rate was 20 % . The median duration of response was 127 wk ; the median survival was 54 wk . Multivariable analysis suggested that a dose > 104 Gy -LRB- P = 0.06 -RRB- , tumor-to-liver activity uptake ratio > 2 -LRB- P = 0.06 -RRB- , and Okuda stage I -LRB- P = 0.07 -RRB- were associated with longer survival . Significantly higher doses of radiation can be delivered to a HCC tumor by intrahepatic arterial administration of 90Y-microspheres than by external beam radiation . This treatment appears to be beneficial in nonresectable HCC with acceptable toxicity . To evaluate the safety and efficacy of stereotactic body radiotherapy -LRB- SBRT -RRB- for the treatment of primary hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- . From 2005 to 2009 , 60 patients with liver-confined HCC were treated with SBRT at the Indiana University Simon Cancer Center : 36 Child-Turcotte-Pugh -LRB- CTP -RRB- Class A and 24 CTP Class B . The median number of fractions , dose per fraction , and total dose , was 3 , 14 Gy , and 44 Gy , respectively , for those with CTP Class A cirrhosis and 5 , 8 Gy , and 40 Gy , respectively , for those with CTP Class B. Treatment was delivered via 6 to 12 beams and in nearly all cases was prescribed to the 80 % isodose line . The records of all patients were reviewed , and treatment response was scored according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors v1 .1 . Toxicity was graded according to the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events v4 .0 . Local control -LRB- LC -RRB- , time to progression -LRB- TTP -RRB- , progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- , and overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- were calculated according to the method of Kaplan and Meier . The median follow-up time was 27 months , and the median tumor diameter was 3.2 cm . The 2-year LC , PFS , and OS were 90 % , 48 % , and 67 % , respectively , with median TTP of 47.8 months . Subsequently , 23 patients underwent transplant , with a median time to transplant of 7 months . There were no ≥ Grade 3 nonhematologic toxicities . Thirteen percent of patients experienced an increase in hematologic/hepatic dysfunction greater than 1 grade , and 20 % experienced progression in CTP class within 3 months of treatment . SBRT is a safe , effective , noninvasive option for patients with HCC ≤ 6 cm . As such , SBRT should be considered when bridging to transplant or as definitive therapy for those ineligible for transplant . Evaluation of response to treatment is a key aspect in cancer therapy . Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors -LRB- RECIST -RRB- are used in most oncology trials , but those criteria evaluate only unidimensional tumor measurements and disregard the extent of necrosis , which is the target of all effective locoregional therapies . Therefore , the European Association for the Study of the Liver -LRB- EASL -RRB- guidelines recommended that assessment of tumor response should incorporate the reduction in viable tumor burden . The current report provides an assessment of the agreement/concordance between both RECIST and the EASL guidelines for the evaluation of response to therapy . The authors evaluated a cohort of 55 patients within prospective studies , including 24 patients with hepatocellular carcinoma who underwent transarterial chemoembolization -LRB- TACE -RRB- with drug eluting beads -LRB- DEB-TACE -RRB- and 31 patients who underwent percutaneous ablation -LRB- percutaneous ethanol injection -LSB- PEI -RSB- / radiofrequency -LSB- RF -RSB- -RRB- . Triphasic helical computed tomography scans were performed at baseline , at 1 month , and at 3 months after procedure , and 2 independent radiologists evaluated tumor response . Evaluating response according to RECIST criteria , no patients achieved a complete response -LRB- CR -RRB- , 21.8 % of patients achieved a partial response -LRB- PR -RRB- -LRB- none in the PEI/RF group -RRB- , 47.3 % of patients had stable disease -LRB- SD -RRB- , and 30.9 % of patients had progressive disease -LRB- PD -RRB- . When response was evaluated according to the EASL guidelines , 54.5 % of patients achieved a CR , 27.3 % of patients achieved a PR , 3.6 % of patients had SD , and 14.5 % had PD . The kappa coefficient was 0.193 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , 0.0893-0.2967 ; P < .0001 -RRB- .
This randomised , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial assessed the efficacy and tolerability of pregabalin to alleviate the neuropathic component of moderate to severe burn pain . Patients aged 18 to 65 years admitted to a burns unit with a 5 % or greater total body surface area burn injury were screened to participate in the trial . Using the Neuropathic Pain Scale -LRB- NPS -RRB- , patients scoring 4 or higher on ` hot ' pain or ` sharp ' pain were invited to participate . Consenting patients were randomly assigned to receive pregabalin or placebo for 28 days with individual dose titration commencing at 75 mg twice daily to a maximum pregabalin dose of 300 mg twice daily . The primary outcome measure was the patients ' daily response to the sharp and hot pain of the NPS . Secondary outcome measures included the remaining elements of the NPS , daily opioid requirement , length of hospital stay , pain at 6 months , and side effects of nausea , vomiting , drowsiness and giddiness . Adverse effects were uncommon , with no difference between the treatment groups . There was no significant difference between the pregabalin and placebo treatment groups with respect to opioid consumption , duration of hospital stay , or pain at 6 months . Pregabalin was efficacious and well tolerated in patients after severe burn injury and whose pain was characterised by features of acute neuropathic pain . In this study , pregabalin was well tolerated and significantly reduced several elements of the neuropathic pain scale including hot pain , unpleasantness of the pain , surface pain , and itch , and also significantly reduced procedural pain .
The evidence to support dressing standards for breast surgery wounds is empiric and scarce . This two-arm randomized clinical trial was designed to assess the effect of dressing wear time on surgical site infection -LRB- SSI -RRB- rates , skin colonization and patient perceptions . A total of 200 breast cancer patients undergoing breast reconstruction were prospectively enrolled . Patients were randomly allocated to group I -LRB- dressing removed on the first postoperative day , n = 100 -RRB- or group II -LRB- dressing removed on the sixth postoperative day , n = 100 -RRB- . SSIs were defined and classified according to criteria from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Samples collected before placing the dressing and after 1 day -LRB- group I -RRB- and 6 days -LRB- both groups -RRB- were cultured for skin colonization assessments . Patients preferences and perceptions with regard to safety , comfort and convenience were recorded and analyzed . A total of 186 patients completed the follow-up . The global SSI rate was 4.5 % . At the sixth day , there was a higher colonization by coagulase-negative staphylococci in group I -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- . Patients preferred to keep dressing for six days -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- , and considered this a safer choice -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . Despite group I had a higher skin colonization by coagulase-negative staphylococci on the sixth postoperative day , there was no difference in SSI rates . Patients preferred keeping dressing for six days and considered it a safer choice . ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01148823 .
Colonoscopy and sigmoidoscopy provide protection against colorectal cancer , but the magnitude and duration of protection , particularly against cancer of the proximal colon , remain uncertain . We examined the association of the use of lower endoscopy -LRB- updated biennially from 1988 through 2008 -RRB- with colorectal-cancer incidence -LRB- through June 2010 -RRB- and colorectal-cancer mortality -LRB- through June 2012 -RRB- among participants in the Nurses ' Health Study and the Health Professionals Follow-up Study . Among 88,902 participants followed over a period of 22 years , we documented 1815 incident colorectal cancers and 474 deaths from colorectal cancer . With endoscopy as compared with no endoscopy , multivariate hazard ratios for colorectal cancer were 0.57 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 0.45 to 0.72 -RRB- after polypectomy , 0.60 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.53 to 0.68 -RRB- after negative sigmoidoscopy , and 0.44 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.38 to 0.52 -RRB- after negative colonoscopy . Negative colonoscopy was associated with a reduced incidence of proximal colon cancer -LRB- multivariate hazard ratio , 0.73 ; 95 % CI , 0.57 to 0.92 -RRB- . Multivariate hazard ratios for death from colorectal cancer were 0.59 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.45 to 0.76 -RRB- after screening sigmoidoscopy and 0.32 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.24 to 0.45 -RRB- after screening colonoscopy . Reduced mortality from proximal colon cancer was observed after screening colonoscopy -LRB- multivariate hazard ratio , 0.47 ; 95 % CI , 0.29 to 0.76 -RRB- but not after sigmoidoscopy . As compared with colorectal cancers diagnosed in patients more than 5 years after colonoscopy or without any prior endoscopy , those diagnosed in patients within 5 years after colonoscopy were more likely to be characterized by the CpG island methylator phenotype -LRB- CIMP -RRB- -LRB- multivariate odds ratio , 2.19 ; 95 % CI , 1.14 to 4.21 -RRB- and microsatellite instability -LRB- multivariate odds ratio , 2.10 ; 95 % CI , 1.10 to 4.02 -RRB- . Colonoscopy and sigmoidoscopy were associated with a reduced incidence of cancer of the distal colorectum ; colonoscopy was also associated with a modest reduction in the incidence of proximal colon cancer . Screening colonoscopy and sigmoidoscopy were associated with reduced colorectal-cancer mortality ; only colonoscopy was associated with reduced mortality from proximal colon cancer . Colorectal cancer diagnosed within 5 years after colonoscopy was more likely than cancer diagnosed after that period or without prior endoscopy to have CIMP and microsatellite instability . -LRB- Funded by the National Institutes of Health and others . -RRB- . The proportion of screening colonoscopic examinations performed by a physician that detect one or more adenomas -LRB- the adenoma detection rate -RRB- is a recommended quality measure . However , little is known about the association between this rate and patients ' risks of a subsequent colorectal cancer -LRB- interval cancer -RRB- and death . Using data from an integrated health care delivery organization , we evaluated the associations between the adenoma detection rate and the risks of colorectal cancer diagnosed 6 months to 10 years after colonoscopy and of cancer-related death . With the use of Cox regression , our estimates of attributable risk were adjusted for the demographic characteristics of the patients , indications for colonoscopy , and coexisting conditions . We evaluated 314,872 colonoscopies performed by 136 gastroenterologists ; the adenoma detection rates ranged from 7.4 to 52.5 % . During the follow-up period , we identified 712 interval colorectal adenocarcinomas , including 255 advanced-stage cancers , and 147 deaths from interval colorectal cancer . The unadjusted risks of interval cancer according to quintiles of adenoma detection rates , from lowest to highest , were 9.8 , 8.6 , 8.0 , 7.0 , and 4.8 cases per 10,000 person-years of follow-up , respectively . Among patients of physicians with adenoma detection rates in the highest quintile , as compared with patients of physicians with detection rates in the lowest quintile , the adjusted hazard ratio for any interval cancer was 0.52 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 0.39 to 0.69 -RRB- , for advanced-stage interval cancer , 0.43 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.29 to 0.64 -RRB- , and for fatal interval cancer , 0.38 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.22 to 0.65 -RRB- . Each 1.0 % increase in the adenoma detection rate was associated with a 3.0 % decrease in the risk of cancer -LRB- hazard ratio , 0.97 ; 95 % CI , 0.96 to 0.98 -RRB- . The adenoma detection rate was inversely associated with the risks of interval colorectal cancer , advanced-stage interval cancer , and fatal interval cancer . -LRB- Funded by the Kaiser Permanente Community Benefit program and the National Cancer Institute . -RRB- . The Endocuff is a device mounted on the tip of the colonoscope to help flatten the colonic folds during withdrawal . This study aimed to compare the adenoma detection rates between Endocuff-assisted -LRB- EC -RRB- colonoscopy and standard colonoscopy -LRB- SC -RRB- . This randomized prospective multicenter trial was conducted at four academic endoscopy units in Germany . 500 patients -LRB- 235 males , median age 64 -LSB- IQR 54-73 -RSB- -RRB- for colon adenoma detection purposes were included in the study . All patients were either allocated to EC or SC . The primary outcome measure was the determination of the adenoma detection rates -LRB- ADR -RRB- . Significantly more sessile polyps were detected by EC . Caecal and ileum intubation rates were similar . No major adverse events occurred in both groups . In multivariate analysis , age -LRB- odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- 1.03 ; 95 % -LSB- CI -RSB- 1.01-1.05 -RRB- , male sex -LRB- OR 1.74 ; 95 % CI 1.10-2.73 -RRB- , withdrawal time -LRB- OR 1.16 ; 95 % CI 1.05-1.30 -RRB- , procedure time -LRB- OR 1.07 ; 95 % CI 1.04-1.10 -RRB- , colon cleanliness -LRB- OR 0.60 ; 95 %
There is debate about whether the initial treatment for patients with Parkinson 's disease should be levodopa or a dopamine agonist . In this prospective , randomized , double-blind study , we compared the safety and efficacy of the dopamine D2-receptor agonist ropinirole with that of levodopa over a period of five years in 268 patients with early Parkinson 's disease . If symptoms were not adequately controlled by the assigned study medication , patients could receive supplementary levodopa , administered in an open-label fashion . The primary outcome measure was the occurrence of dyskinesia . Eighty-five of the 179 patients in the ropinirole group -LRB- 47 percent -RRB- and 45 of the 89 patients in the levodopa group -LRB- 51 percent -RRB- completed all five years of the study . In the ropinirole group 29 of the 85 patients -LRB- 34 percent -RRB- received no levodopa supplementation . The analysis of the time to dyskinesia showed a significant difference in favor of ropinirole -LRB- hazard ratio for remaining free of dyskinesia , 2.82 ; 95 percent confidence interval , 1.78 to 4.44 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . At five years , the cumulative incidence of dyskinesia -LRB- excluding the three patients who had dyskinesia at base line -RRB- , regardless of levodopa supplementation , was 20 percent -LRB- 36 of 177 patients -RRB- in the ropinirole group and 45 percent -LRB- 40 of 88 patients -RRB- in the levodopa group . There was no significant difference between the two groups in the mean change in scores for activities of daily living among those who completed the study . Early Parkinson 's disease can be managed successfully for up to five years with a reduced risk of dyskinesia by initiating treatment with ropinirole alone and supplementing it with levodopa if necessary . The short-duration response , long-duration response , and dyskinetic response to levodopa change during long-term levodopa therapy . How these responses evolve , and which changes contribute to the emergence of motor fluctuations , remain unclear . We studied 18 subjects with Parkinson 's disease before they began levodopa therapy and after 6 , 12 , 24 , and 48 months of long-term levodopa therapy . The responses to 2-hour levodopa infusions after overnight and after 3 days of levodopa withdrawal were studied from 6 months onward . The mean magnitude of the short-duration response and the long-duration response measured after overnight without antiparkinsonian medications did not change during the 4 years . However , after 3 days without levodopa , it was apparent that the short-duration-response magnitude was progressively increasing -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- and that the long-duration response was decaying more rapidly -LRB- p = 0.0004 -RRB- . The short-duration-response magnitude at 4 years was inversely related to the long-duration-response magnitude -LRB- p = 0.022 -RRB- , suggesting that the long-duration response was one determinant of the short-duration-response magnitude . Dyskinesia increased progressively in severity during the study -LRB- p = 0.013 -RRB- . The duration of the short-duration response and dyskinesia did not change during the 4 years . Subject reports of motor fluctuations tended to be associated with a large short-duration response -LRB- p = 0.054 -RRB- . We suggest that a larger long-duration response , rather than a shortened one , is more important to the development of fluctuations . Improving the baseline or practical-off motor function to reduce the magnitude of the short-duration response may be a strategy to treat fluctuations . Thirty-four patients with Parkinson 's disease were followed for a mean period of 8 years from the time of initiation of levodopa medication . Levodopa response was charted from the starting point of pharmacological treatment to give a longitudinal point of view of the changes that evolve as the disease progresses . Objective measurements of the motor response to levodopa test-doses were made at approximately three yearly intervals . Motor fluctuations developed in 58 % of the patient group after a mean treatment period of 35 months . Dyskinesia developed in parallel with fluctuations but appeared on average 7 months before symptomatic wearing-off effects of levodopa doses . The patients with motor fluctuations had significantly better responses to levodopa . By contrast , nonfluctuators were more prone to develop increasing midline motor disability affecting speech , gait and balance . Comparison of test-dose and pretreatment scores suggested that a substantial long-duration response to levodopa remains after many years of treatment , and that lateralized motor deficits show a stronger long duration response than midline ones . Motor fluctuations are a consequence of disease progression but their early development is , on balance , associated with better long-term functional ability because these patients have the greater capacity to respond to pharmacological treatment .
We investigated the ability of adoptive cell transfer utilizing autologous tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes -LRB- TIL -RRB- to mediate durable complete regressions in heavily pretreated patients with metastatic melanoma . Ninety-three patients with measurable metastatic melanoma were treated with the adoptive transfer of autologous TILs administered in conjunction with interleukin-2 following a lymphodepleting preparative regimen on three sequential clinical trials . Median potential follow-up was 62 months . Objective response rates by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors -LRB- RECIST -RRB- in the 3 trials using lymphodepleting preparative regimens -LRB- chemotherapy alone or with 2 or 12 Gy irradiation -RRB- were 49 % , 52 % , and 72 % , respectively . Twenty of the 93 patients -LRB- 22 % -RRB- achieved a complete tumor regression , and 19 have ongoing complete regressions beyond 3 years . The actuarial 3 - and 5-year survival rates for the entire group were 36 % and 29 % , respectively , but for the 20 complete responders were 100 % and 93 % . The likelihood of achieving a complete response was similar regardless of prior therapy . Cell transfer therapy with autologous TILs can mediate durable complete responses in patients with metastatic melanoma and has similar efficacy irrespective of prior treatment . Clin Cancer Res ; 17 -LRB- 13 -RRB- ; 4550-7 . © 2011 AACR .
TMS can be applied as single pulses of stimulation , pairs of stimuli separated by variable intervals to the same or different brain areas , or as trains of repetitive stimuli at various frequencies . Single stimuli can depolarise neurons and evoke measurable effects . Trains of stimuli -LRB- repetitive TMS -RRB- can modify excitability of the cerebral cortex at the stimulated site and also at remote areas along functional anatomical connections . TMS might provide novel insights into the pathophysiology of the neural circuitry underlying neurological and psychiatric disorders , be developed into clinically useful diagnostic and prognostic tests , and have therapeutic uses in various diseases . This potential is supported by the available studies , but more work is needed to establish the role of TMS in clinical neurology . A pulsed magnetic field creates current flow in the brain and can temporarily excite or inhibit specific areas . TMS of motor cortex can produce a muscle twitch or block movement ; TMS of occipital cortex can produce visual phosphenes or scotomas . TMS can also alter the functioning of the brain beyond the time of stimulation , offering potential for therapy . Transcranial magnetic stimulation -LRB- TMS -RRB- uses a magnetic field to `` carry '' a short lasting electrical current pulse into the brain where it stimulates neurones , particularly in superficial regions of cerebral cortex . TMS can interfere with cognitive functions in two ways . A high intensity TMS pulse causes a synchronised high frequency burst of discharge in a relatively large population of neurones that is terminated by a long lasting GABAergic inhibition . The combination of artificial synchronisation of activity followed by depression effectively disrupts perceptual , motor and cognitive processes in the human brain . This transient neurodisruption has been termed a `` virtual lesion '' . Smaller intensities of stimulation produce less activity ; in such cases , cognitive operations can probably continue but are disrupted because of the added noisy input from the TMS pulse . It is usually argued that if a TMS pulse affects performance , then the area stimulated must provide an essential contribution to behaviour being studied . However , there is one exception to this : the pulse could be applied to an area that is not involved in the task but which has projections to the critical site . Activation of outputs from the site of stimulation could potentially disrupt processing at the distant site , interfering with behaviour without having any involvement in the task . A final important feature of the response to TMS is `` context dependency '' , which indicates that the response depends on how excitable the cortex is at the time the stimulus is applied : if many neurones are close to firing threshold then the more of them are recruited by the pulse than at rest . Many studies have noted this context-dependent modulation . However , it is often assumed that the excitability of an area has a simple relationship to activity in that area . We argue that this is not necessarily the case . Awareness of the problem may help resolve some apparent anomalies in the literature . Transcranial magnetic stimulation -LRB- TMS -RRB- to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex -LRB- DLPFC -RRB- is used clinically for the treatment of depression however outcomes vary greatly between patients . We have shown that average clinical efficacy of different left DLPFC TMS sites is related to intrinsic functional connectivity with remote regions including the subgenual cingulate and suggested that functional connectivity with these remote regions might be used to identify optimized left DLPFC targets for TMS . However it remains unclear if and how this connectivity-based targeting approach should be applied at the single-subject level to potentially individualize therapy to specific patients . In this article we show that individual differences in DLPFC connectivity are large , reproducible across sessions , and can be used to generate individualized DLPFC TMS targets that may prove clinically superior to those selected on the basis of group-average connectivity .
Upadacitinib is a selective inhibitor of Janus kinase 1 and was efficacious in phase 2 studies in patients with moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis . We aimed to assess the efficacy of upadacitinib in patients with inadequate response to conventional synthetic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs -LRB- csDMARDs -RRB- . This study is a double-blind , placebo-controlled trial at 150 sites in 35 countries . We enrolled patients aged 18 years or older with active rheumatoid arthritis for 3 months or longer , who had received csDMARDs for at least 3 months with a stable dose for at least 4 weeks before study entry , and had an inadequate response to at least one of the following csDMARDs : methotrexate , sulfasalazine , or leflunomide . Using interactive response technology , we randomly assigned patients receiving stable background csDMARDs -LRB- 2:2:1:1 -RRB- to receive a once-daily extended-release formulation of upadacitinib 15 mg or 30 mg , or placebo , for 12 weeks . Patients , investigators , and the funder were masked to allocation . After 12 weeks , patients taking placebo received 15 mg or 30 mg of upadacitinib once daily , according to the prespecified randomisation assignment . The primary endpoints were the proportion of patients at week 12 who achieved 20 % improvement in American College of Rheumatology criteria -LRB- ACR20 -RRB- , and a 28-joint disease activity score using C-reactive protein -LRB- DAS28 -LSB- CRP -RSB- -RRB- of 3 · 2 or less . We did efficacy analyses in the full analysis set of all randomly assigned patients who received at least one dose of study drug , and used non-responder imputation for assessment of the primary outcomes . This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT02675426 . Between Dec 17 , 2015 , and Dec 22 , 2016 , 1083 patients were assessed for eligibility , of whom 661 were recruited and randomly assigned to receive upadacitinib 15 mg -LRB- n = 221 -RRB- , upadacitinib 30 mg -LRB- n = 219 -RRB- , or placebo -LRB- n = 221 -RRB- . All patients received at least one dose of study drug , and 618 -LRB- 93 % -RRB- completed 12 weeks of treatment . Adverse events were reported in 125 -LRB- 57 % -RRB- of 221 patients receiving upadacitinib 15 mg , 118 -LRB- 54 % -RRB- of 219 patients receiving upadacitinib 30 mg , and 108 -LRB- 49 % -RRB- of 221 patients receiving placebo . The most frequently reported adverse events -LRB- ≥ 5 % of patients in any group -RRB- were nausea -LRB- 16 -LSB- 7 % -RSB- of 221 in the upadacitinib 15 mg group ; three -LSB- 1 % -RSB- of 219 in the upadacitinib 30 mg group ; and seven -LSB- 3 % -RSB- of 221 in the placebo group -RRB- , nasopharyngitis -LRB- 12 -LSB- 5 % -RSB- ; 13 -LSB- 6 % -RSB- ; and nine -LSB- 4 % -RSB- -RRB- , upper respiratory tract infection -LRB- 12 -LSB- 5 % -RSB- ; 12 -LSB- 5 % -RSB- ; and nine -LSB- 4 % -RSB- -RRB- , and headache -LRB- nine -LSB- 4 % -RSB- ; seven -LSB- 3 % -RSB- ; and 12 -LSB- 5 % -RSB- -RRB- . More infections were reported for upadacitinib -LRB- 64 -LSB- 29 % -RSB- of 221 patients receiving 15 mg and 69 -LSB- 32 % -RSB- of 219 patients receiving 30 mg -RRB- versus placebo -LRB- 47 -LSB- 21 % -RSB- of 221 patients -RRB- . There were three herpes zoster infections -LRB- one -LSB- < 1 % -RSB- in the placebo group , one -LSB- < 1 % -RSB- in the upadacitinib 15 mg group , and one -LSB- < 1 % -RSB- in the upadacitinib 30 mg group -RRB- and one primary varicella zoster virus infection -LRB- one -LSB- < 1 % -RSB- in the upadacitinib 30 mg group -RRB- , two malignancies -LRB- both in the upadacitinib 30 mg group -RRB- , one adjudicated major adverse cardiovascular event -LRB- in the upadacitinib 30 mg group -RRB- , and five serious infections -LRB- one -LSB- < 1 % -RSB- in the placebo group , one -LSB- < 1 % -RSB- in the upadacitinib 15 mg group , three -LSB- 1 % -RSB- in the upadacitinib 30 mg group -RRB- . No deaths were reported during the trial . Patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis who received upadacitinib -LRB- 15 mg or 30 mg -RRB- in combination with csDMARDs showed significant improvements in clinical signs and symptoms . AbbVie Inc. .
More than one-third of adults and 17 % of youth in the United States are obese , although the prevalence remained stable between 2003-2004 and 2009-2010 . To provide the most recent national estimates of childhood obesity , analyze trends in childhood obesity between 2003 and 2012 , and provide detailed obesity trend analyses among adults . Weight and height or recumbent length were measured in 9120 participants in the 2011-2012 nationally representative National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey . In infants and toddlers from birth to 2 years , high weight for recumbent length was defined as weight for length at or above the 95th percentile of the sex-specific Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -LRB- CDC -RRB- growth charts . In children and adolescents aged 2 to 19 years , obesity was defined as a body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- at or above the 95th percentile of the sex-specific CDC BMI-for-age growth charts . In adults , obesity was defined as a BMI greater than or equal to 30 . Analyses of trends in high weight for recumbent length or obesity prevalence were conducted overall and separately by age across 5 periods -LRB- 2003-2004 , 2005-2006 , 2007-2008 , 2009-2010 , and 2011-2012 -RRB- . In 2011-2012 , 8.1 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 5.8 % -11.1 % -RRB- of infants and toddlers had high weight for recumbent length , and 16.9 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 14.9 % -19.2 % -RRB- of 2 - to 19-year-olds and 34.9 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 32.0 % -37.9 % -RRB- of adults -LRB- age-adjusted -RRB- aged 20 years or older were obese . Overall , there was no significant change from 2003-2004 through 2011-2012 in high weight for recumbent length among infants and toddlers , obesity in 2 - to 19-year-olds , or obesity in adults . Tests for an interaction between survey period and age found an interaction in children -LRB- P = .03 -RRB- and women -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- . There was a significant decrease in obesity among 2 - to 5-year-old children -LRB- from 13.9 % to 8.4 % ; P = .03 -RRB- and a significant increase in obesity among women aged 60 years and older -LRB- from 31.5 % to 38.1 % ; P = .006 -RRB- . Overall , there have been no significant changes in obesity prevalence in youth or adults between 2003-2004 and 2011-2012 . Obesity prevalence remains high and thus it is important to continue surveillance . To estimate whether an organized , consistent program of dietary and lifestyle counseling prevents excessive weight gain in pregnancy . This randomized controlled trial assigned women to receive either an organized , consistent program of intensive dietary and lifestyle counseling or routine prenatal care . The primary study outcome was the proportion of patients whose gestational weight gain was within the Institute of Medicine -LRB- IOM -RRB- guidelines . Secondary outcomes included mode of delivery , rate of operative vaginal delivery , neonatal weight , and the incidence of preeclampsia , gestational diabetes mellitus -LRB- GDM -RRB- , vaginal/perineal lacerations , and shoulder dystocia . A total of 100 women were randomized to the study -LRB- lifestyle counseling 57 , routine prenatal care 43 -RRB- . Baseline demographic characteristics were similar between the study groups . The lifestyle counseling group gained significantly less weight than did the routine prenatal care group -LRB- 28.7 + / -12.5 lb compared with 35.6 + / -15.5 lb , P = .01 -RRB- . The routine prenatal care group had significantly more cesarean deliveries due to `` failure to progress '' -LRB- routine prenatal care 58.3 % compared with lifestyle counseling 25.0 % , P = .02 -RRB- . The most predictive factor of IOM adherence was having a normal prepregnancy body mass index . No statistically significant differences were noted between the groups in adherence to IOM guidelines , rate of cesarean delivery , preeclampsia , GDM , operative vaginal delivery , or vaginal lacerations . An organized , consistent program of dietary and lifestyle counseling did reduce weight gain in pregnancy . ClinicalTrials.gov , www.clinicaltrials.gov , NCT00792480 I.
The aim of this study was to document the true incidence of post-cesarean surgical site infections -LRB- SSI -RRB- , according to the definition of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -LRB- CDC -RRB- , and to identify independent risk factors for infection . Prospective population-based cohort study in Norway . Setting . Sykehuset Asker og Baerum HF , a secondary community hospital , associated with the University of Oslo -LRB- UiO -RRB- , Norway , accounting for 2,000 deliveries per year . Participants . All cesarean deliveries during a 12-month period from September 2003 . Main outcome measures . Rate and risk factors for SSI . The total rate of SSI was 8.9 % , with an observation period of 30 days post-operatively , compared to 1.8 % registered at hospital discharge . The total response rate was 100 % . There was no significant difference in SSI rate in elective or emergency cesarean section -LRB- CS -RRB- , respectively . All SSI were superficial . We found 2 significant independent risk factors : operating time > or = 38 min and body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- > 30 . The rate of SSI is underestimated if the observation time is limited to the hospital stay . Operating time exceeding 38 min substantially increases the risk of SSI . The finding of no significant difference in SSI rate between elective and emergency CS should lead to a different approach concerning the use of antibiotics : subgroup at risk -LRB- operating time > or = 38 min and BMI > 30 -RRB- may benefit from antibiotics in relation to the operation , whether the CS is an emergency or elective operation . To estimate the effect of a hospital-wide change in the timing of antimicrobial prophylaxis in cesarean deliveries on maternal and neonatal infections . In November 2004 , our institution instituted guidelines recommending that the administration of antimicrobial prophylaxis for cesarean delivery be administered before skin incision rather than after umbilical-cord clamping . We reviewed all cesarean deliveries from two time periods . Group 1 received antibiotics after umbilical-cord clamping -LRB- July 2002 to November 2004 -RRB- . Group 2 received antibiotics before skin incision -LRB- June 2005 to August 2007 -RRB- . Rates of maternal and neonatal infectious complications were compared between groups . There were 4,229 cesarean deliveries in group 1 and 4,781 cesarean deliveries in group 2 . Antimicrobial prophylaxis before skin incision had no adverse effect on neonatal infection rates or on the evaluation of the neonate . Antimicrobial prophylaxis before skin incision , compared with after cord clamping , resulted in lower rates of maternal infections and had no effect on neonatal infections . Antimicrobial prophylaxis for cesarean delivery should occur before skin incision , consistent with basic tenets of surgical antimicrobial prophylaxis . II . Dressings have a part to play in the management of wounds ; whether they are sutured or open , usually chronic wounds of many aetiologies which are healing by secondary intention . They traditionally provide a moist wound environment , but this property has been extended through simple to complex , active dressings which can handle excessive exudate , aid in debridement , and promote disorganised , stalled healing . The control of infection remains a major challenge . Inappropriate antibiotic use risks allergy , toxicity and most importantly resistance , which is much reduced by the use of topical antiseptics -LRB- such as povidone iodine and chlorhexidine -RRB- . The definition of what is an antimicrobial and the recognition of infection has proven difficult . Although silver has been recognised for centuries to inhibit infection its use in wound care is relatively recent . Evidence of the efficacy of the growing number of silver dressings in clinical trials , judged by the criteria of the Cochrane Collaboration , is lacking , but there are good indications for the use of silver dressings , to remove or reduce an increasing bioburden in burns and open wounds healing by secondary intention , or to act as a barrier against cross contamination of resistant organisms such as MRSA . More laboratory , and clinical data in particular , are needed to prove the value of the many silver dressings which are now available . Some confusion persists over the measurement of toxicity and antibacterial activity but all dressings provide an antibacterial action , involving several methods of delivery . Nanocrystalline technology appears to give the highest , sustained release of silver to a wound without clear risk of toxicity . The objective of the study was to compare scar quality associated with different types of wound closure methods after cesarean section -LRB- CS -RRB- . Patients were randomized to have skin closure following CS with either staples or 3 different types of subcuticular sutures . Scar quality was evaluated 2 and 6 months postoperatively . The Vancouver Scar Scale , the Patient and Observer Scar Assessment Scale -LRB- POSAS -RRB- , and a visual analog scale were used as scar assessment tools . Of the 180 patients who were recruited , 123 successfully completed the study . No difference in both subjective and objective scar rating was detected across groups at either 2 months or 6 months . In the overall study population , objective scores correlated with patient rating , and correlation was strongest between the observer and patient components of the POSAS -LRB- r = 0.48 -RRB- . In women undergoing CS , stapled wounds and those closed with subcuticular sutures result in equivalent cosmetic appearance of the scar . At present , various scar assessment scales are available , but not one has been shown to be reliable , consistent , feasible , and valid at the same time . Furthermore , the existing scar assessment scales appear to attach little weight to the opinion of the patient . The newly developed Patient and Observer Scar Assessment Scale consists of two numeric scales :
Hypothermia in trauma patients is generally considered an ominous sign , although the actual temperature at which hypothermia affects survival is ill defined . In this study , the impact of body core hypothermia on outcome in 71 adult trauma patients with Injury Severity Scores -LRB- ISS -RRB- greater than or equal to 25 was analyzed . Forty-two per cent of the patients had a core temperature -LRB- Tc -RRB- below 34 degrees C , 23 % below 33 degrees C , and 13 % below 32 degrees C . The mortality of hypothermia patients was consistently greater than those who remained warm , regardless of index core temperature . Mortality if Tc less than 34 degrees C = 40 % , less than 33 degrees C = 69 % , less than 32 degrees C = 100 % , whereas mortality if Tc greater than or equal to 34 degrees C = 7 % , and greater than or equal to 32 degrees C = 10 % . Mortality and the incidence of hypothermia increased with higher ISS , massive fluid resuscitation , and the presence of shock . Within each subgroup -LRB- i.e. , greater ISS , massive fluid administration , shock -RRB- the mortality of hypothermic patients was significantly higher than those who remained warm . No patient whose core temperature fell below 32 degrees C survived . Hypothermia is a well recognized consequence of severe injury , even in temperate climates , and the physiologic consequences of hypothermia are known to be detrimental . To analyze the frequency and risk factors for hypothermia and its effect on patient outcome , we prospectively studied 94 intubated injured patients at a regional trauma center during a 16-month period . Esophageal temperature probes were placed in the field or ER and core temperatures -LRB- T -RRB- were followed for 24 hours or until rewarming . Patients were designated as normothermic -LRB- greater than 36 degrees C -RRB- , mildly hypothermic -LRB- 34 degrees C-36 degrees C -RRB- or severely hypothermic -LRB- less than 34 degrees C -RRB- based on initial T . The risk factors for hypothermia evaluated included age , severity and location of injuries , blood alcohol level , blood transfusion requirements , and time spent in the field , ER , or OR . The average initial T was 35 degrees C , with no seasonal variation . Injury severity and survival correlated with severe hypothermia . Normothermic patients had an average ISS of 28 with a 78 % survival . Severely hypothermic patients had an average ISS of 36 with a 41 % survival -LRB- p less than 0.05 -RRB- . Patient age strongly correlated with outcome although there was no relationship between age and initial temperature . Blood transfusion requirements paralleled injury severity and patients receiving greater than 10 unit transfusions had significantly lower core temperature -LRB- p less than 0.05 -RRB- . The average temperature change was positive in the ER , OR , and ICU with time to rewarming correlating with the aggressiveness of warming measures . -LRB- ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS -RRB- Uncontrolled exposure hypothermia is believed to be deleterious in the setting of major trauma . Prevention of hypothermia in the injured patient is currently practiced in both prehospital and in-hospital settings . However , this standard is based on studies of limited patient series that were not designed to identify the independent relationship between hypothermia and mortality . Recent studies suggest that therapeutically applied hypothermia may benefit selected patient subsets . The goal of this study was to evaluate the independent association between admission hypothermia and mortality after major trauma , with adjustment for clinical confounders . Retrospective analysis of a statewide trauma registry . The primary outcome was death at hospital discharge . The key exposure was hypothermia , defined as body temperature < / = 35 degrees C at admission . Multivariate regression was used to risk-adjust for age , severity and mechanism of injury , and route of temperature measurement . Additional adjustment for prehospital exposure time and intravenous fluid therapy was also evaluated . Trauma centers of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania . All trauma patients > / = 16 yrs of age for the years 2000-2002 . Transferred patients were excluded . Patients were excluded if temperature or route of temperature measurement was not known . Both the full cohort and a subset with isolated severe head injury were evaluated . None . Of 38,520 patients , 1,921 -LRB- 5.0 % -RRB- were hypothermic at admission . Admission hypothermia was independently associated with increased odds of death in both the full cohort -LRB- odds ratio , 3.03 ; 95 % confidence interval , 2.62-3.51 -RRB- and the subset with isolated severe head injury -LRB- 2.21 ; 1.62-3.03 -RRB- , with adjustment for age , severity and mechanism of injury , and route of temperature measurement . Admission hypothermia is independently associated with increased adjusted odds of death after major trauma . The increase in mortality is not completely attributable to physiologic presentation or injury pattern or severity . Successful application of induced hypothermia -LRB- HT -RRB- after stroke and cardiac arrest has led to a resurgence of interest in its potential protective effects in trauma patients . Although clinical studies demonstrate an adverse effect , they consist of small studies from single institutions . We tested the hypothesis that HT is associated with improved survival in trauma patients by analyzing a large , national trauma database . The study included all patients in the National Trauma Data Bank -LRB- 1994-2002 -RRB- aged 18 to 55 years old with temperature at presentation to the emergency department and base deficit -LRB- BD -RRB- recorded . Hypothermic -LRB- temperature , < 35 degrees C ; n = 3267 -RRB- patients and patients with normothermia -LRB- temperature , > or = 35 degrees C ; n = 35,283 -RRB- patients were compared . Two analyses were conducted to
Whereas women are disproportionately affected by ADs -- frequently occurring during reproductive years -- the disease often improves during pregnancy , unless severe . AD improvement occurs without compromising immune tolerance for the fetus ; however , it is short-lived since postpartum , flare-up frequently occurs . Consequences of pregnancy-related maternal disease can have life-long impact . Pregnancy is not an immune-suppressed state , but rather a controlled inflammatory environment with distinct local and systemic coordination . Pregnancy requires a delicate immune balance ; the embryo/allograft does not cause graft-versus-host disease while the mother/host immunity is modulated without suppression . We herein critically examine the synergetic reciprocal relationship between pregnancy and ADs . We review key ADs and their current prognosis and management . Finally , we describe PreImplantation Factor , a peptide secreted by viable embryos that , beyond its essential autotrophic and proimplantation properties , regulates systemic immune response and also proved effective in nonpregnant autoimmune and transplantation models . Hence , PreImplantation Factor may have a key role in improving ADs in pregnancy , and provide a novel drug for treatment of immune disorders in general .
Severe aortic stenosis -LRB- AS -RRB- is a surgically correctable condition . However , aortic valve replacement -LRB- AVR -RRB- is not offered to many patients with severe AS for various reasons . We investigated the profile and survival patterns of patients with severe AS who did not have AVR . Our echocardiographic database was screened for patients with severe AS , defined as a Doppler estimated aortic valve area of 0.8 cm2 or less between 1993 and 2003 . Seven hundred and forty patients with severe AS were identified , of whom 453 patients had no AVR through the follow-up period , forming the study cohort . These patients were comprehensively characterized by obtaining clinical , pharmacologic , and surgical data through a comprehensive chart review and extracting survival data from the National Death Index . Patient characteristics were as follows : age 75 + / - 13 years , 48 % male , left ventricular -LRB- LV -RRB- ejection fraction 52 + / - 21 % , coronary artery disease in 34 % , hypertension in 35 % , serum creatinine level greater than 2 mg/dL in 11 % , and diabetes mellitus in 14 % . The survival at 1 year , 5 years , and 10 years was 62 % , 32 % , and 18 % , respectively . The univariate predictors of reduced survival were advanced age , low LV ejection fraction , heart failure , elevated serum creatinine level , severe mitral regurgitation , and pulmonary hypertension ; and the independent predictors were advanced age , low LV ejection fraction , heart failure , elevated serum creatinine level , and systemic hypertension . Concomitant pharmacotherapy had no impact on survival . Conservatively treated patients with severe AS have a grave prognosis , and it is worse in the presence of advanced age , LV dysfunction , heart failure , and renal failure . The optimal management of aortic valve disease in patients > 80 years old depends on functional outcome as well as operative risks and late survival . We retrospectively identified 133 patients -LRB- 62 men , 71 women -RRB- aged 80 to 91 years -LRB- mean 84 + / -3 years -RRB- who underwent aortic valve replacement alone or in combination with another procedure between January 1 , 1993 , and April 31 , 1998 . Demographics included hypertension 68 % , diabetes mellitus 17 % , and history of stroke 11 % . Operative -LRB- 30 day -RRB- mortality rate was 11 % . Urgent or emergent surgery , aortic insufficiency , and perioperative stroke or renal dysfunction were risk factors for operative death by multivariable analysis . Intensive care unit and total hospital length of stay were prolonged at 6.2 and 14.7 days , respectively . Late follow-up between July 1 , 1998 , and November 1 , 1999 , was 98 % complete . Predictors of late mortality were preoperative or perioperative stroke , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , aortic stenosis , and postoperative renal dysfunction . The mean New York Heart Association functional class for 65 long-term survivors improved from 3.1 to 1.7 . Quality of life assessed with the Medical Outcomes Study Short Form-36 was comparable to that predicted for the general population > 75 years old . Functional outcome after aortic valve replacement in patients > 80 years old is excellent , the operative risk is acceptable , and the late survival rate is good . Surgery should not be withheld from the elderly on the basis of age alone . Percutaneous transluminal balloon aortic valvuloplasty was performed in 137 patients with symptomatic severe calcified aortic stenosis -LRB- 50 men and 87 women , mean age 77 years -RRB- between December 1986 and September 1990 . The purpose of the study was to evaluate short - and long-term survival after balloon aortic valvuloplasty , mean follow-up was 19 months . At the time of balloon aortic valvuloplasty congestive heart failure -LRB- NYHA III-IV -RRB- was present in 89 % , angina pectoris in 47 % , and syncope in 31 % of the patients . The procedure related mortality was 8 % -LRB- 11 pts -RRB- and the 30-days mortality 17 % -LRB- 23 pts -RRB- . Severe complications occurred in 25 % of the patients during the procedure and within the first 24 hours . Immediate clinical improvement was noted in 68 % of the patients surviving the treatment . The overall survival rate was at one , two , three and four years follow-up 63 % , 40 % , 28 % , and 21 % , respectively . These survival rates were all statistically different from the survival rates in an age - and sex-matched background population -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . A multivariate Cox analysis revealed that only female sex and angina before treatment seemed to improve survival . The long-term outcome after aortic balloon valvuloplasty for severe aortic stenosis is so poor that we recommend aortic valve replacement as the initial treatment in these patients , if at all possible . This study was done to assess the results of percutaneous heart valve -LRB- PHV -RRB- implantation in non-surgical patients with end-stage calcific aortic stenosis . Replacement of PHV has been shown to be feasible in animals and humans . We developed a PHV composed of three pericardial leaflets inserted within a balloon-expandable stainless steel stent . We report the acute and early follow-up results of the initial six PHV implantations . An anterograde approach was used in all cases . The PHV , crimped over a 22-mm diameter balloon , was advanced through a 24-F sheath from the femoral vein to the aortic valve and delivered by balloon inflation . Clinical , hemodynamic , and echocardiographic outcomes were assessed serially . All patients were in New York Heart Association functional class IV . The PHV was successfully delivered in five patients . Early migration with subsequent death occurred
To investigate the characteristics and prognostic factors in the elderly patients with COVID-19 . Consecutive cases over 60 years old with COVID-19 in Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University from Jan 1 to Feb 6 , 2020 were included . Data of demographics , clinical features , comorbidities , laboratory tests and complications were collected and compared for different outcomes . Cox regression was performed for prognostic factors . 339 patients with COVID-19 -LRB- aged 71 ± 8 years ,173 females -LRB- 51 % -RRB- -RRB- were enrolled , including 80 -LRB- 23.6 % -RRB- critical , 159 severe -LRB- 46.9 % -RRB- and 100 moderate -LRB- 29.5 % -RRB- cases . Common comorbidities were hypertension -LRB- 40.8 % -RRB- , diabetes -LRB- 16.0 % -RRB- and cardiovascular disease -LRB- 15.7 % -RRB- . Common symptoms included fever -LRB- 92.0 % -RRB- , cough -LRB- 53.0 % -RRB- , dyspnea -LRB- 40.8 % -RRB- and fatigue -LRB- 39.9 % -RRB- . Lymphocytopenia was a common laboratory finding -LRB- 63.2 % -RRB- . Common complications included bacterial infection -LRB- 42.8 % -RRB- , liver enzyme abnormalities -LRB- 28.7 % -RRB- and acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- 21.0 % -RRB- . Till Mar 5 , 2020 , 91 cases were discharged -LRB- 26.8 % -RRB- , 183 cases stayed in hospital -LRB- 54.0 % -RRB- and 65 cases -LRB- 19.2 % -RRB- were dead . Shorter length of stay was found for the dead compared with the survivors -LRB- 5 -LRB- 3-8 -RRB- vs. 28 -LRB- 26-29 -RRB- , P < 0.001 -RRB- . Symptoms of dyspnea -LRB- HR 2.35 , P = 0.001 -RRB- , comorbidities including cardiovascular disease -LRB- HR 1.86 , P = 0.031 -RRB- and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- HR 2.24 , P = 0.023 -RRB- , and acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- HR 29.33 , P < 0.001 -RRB- were strong predictors of death . And a high level of lymphocytes was predictive of better outcome -LRB- HR 0.10 , P < 0.001 -RRB- . High proportion of severe to critical cases and high fatality rate were observed in the elderly COVID-19 patients . Dyspnea , lymphocytopenia , comorbidities including cardiovascular disease and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , and acute respiratory distress syndrome were predictive of poor outcome . Close monitoring and timely treatment should be performed for the elderly patients at high risk .
To review the literature on primary dystonia and dystonia plus and to provide evidence-based recommendations . Primary dystonia and dystonia plus are chronic and often disabling conditions with a widespread spectrum mainly in young people . Computerized MEDLINE and EMBASE literature reviews -LRB- 1966-1967 February 2005 -RRB- were conducted . The Cochrane Library was searched for relevant citations . Diagnosis and classification of dystonia are highly relevant for providing appropriate management and prognostic information , and genetic counselling . Expert observation is suggested . DYT-1 gene testing in conjunction with genetic counselling is recommended for patients with primary dystonia with onset before age 30 years and in those with an affected relative with early onset . Positive genetic testing for dystonia -LRB- e.g. DYT-1 -RRB- is not sufficient to make diagnosis of dystonia . Individuals with myoclonus should be tested for the epsilon-sarcoglycan gene -LRB- DYT-11 -RRB- . A levodopa trial is warranted in every patient with early onset dystonia without an alternative diagnosis . Brain imaging is not routinely required when there is a confident diagnosis of primary dystonia in adult patients , whereas it is necessary in the paediatric population . Botulinum toxin -LRB- BoNT -RRB- type A -LRB- or type B if there is resistance to type A -RRB- can be regarded as first line treatment for primary cranial -LRB- excluding oromandibular -RRB- or cervical dystonia and can be effective in writing dystonia . Actual evidence is lacking on direct comparison of the clinical efficacy and safety of BoNT-A vs. BoNT-B . Intrathecal baclofen can be indicated in patients where secondary dystonia is combined with spasticity . The absolute and comparative efficacy and tolerability of drugs in dystonia , including anticholinergic and antidopaminergic drugs , is poorly documented and no evidence-based recommendations can be made to guide prescribing .
To compare the effect of delayed and early treatment strategies on disease outcome in patients with rheumatoid arthritis . Between 1993 and 1995 , 109 patients diagnosed with probable or definite rheumatoid arthritis of recent onset were initially treated with analgesics ; if they had persistent active disease , they were treated subsequently with the disease-modifying drugs chloroquine or salazopyrine -LRB- delayed treatment -RRB- . Between 1996 and 1998 , similar patients -LRB- n = 97 -RRB- were promptly treated with either chloroquine or salazopyrine -LRB- early treatment -RRB- . The median lag to the initiation of disease-modifying treatment was 15 days in the early treatment group and 123 days in the delayed treatment group . There was less radiologic joint damage after 2 years in the early treatment group -LRB- median Sharp score , 3.5 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- : 1 to 7 -RRB- compared with the delayed treatment group -LRB- median Sharp score , 10 ; 95 % CI : 5 to 15 ; P < 0.05 -RRB- . In this nonrandomized comparison , early introduction of disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs was associated with a better disease outcome after 2 years . Rheumatoid arthritis is the most common inflammatory arthritis and is a major cause of disability . It existed in early Native American populations several thousand years ago but might not have appeared in Europe until the 17th century . Early theories on the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis focused on autoantibodies and immune complexes . T-cell-mediated antigen-specific responses , T-cell-independent cytokine networks , and aggressive tumour-like behaviour of rheumatoid synovium have also been implicated . More recently , the contribution of autoantibodies has returned to the forefront . Based on the pathogenic mechanisms , specific therapeutic interventions can be designed to suppress synovial inflammation and joint destruction in rheumatoid arthritis . Analysis of cytokine mRNA and protein in rheumatoid arthritis tissue revealed that many proinflammatory cytokines such as TNF alpha , IL-1 , IL-6 , GM-CSF , and chemokines such as IL-8 are abundant in all patients regardless of therapy . This is compensated to some degree by the increased production of anti-inflammatory cytokines such as IL-10 and TGF beta and cytokine inhibitors such as IL-1ra and soluble TNF-R . However , this upregulation in homeostatic regulatory mechanisms is not sufficient as these are unable to neutralize all the TNF alpha and IL-1 produced . In rheumatoid joint cell cultures that spontaneously produce IL-1 , TNF alpha was the major dominant regulator of IL-1 . Subsequently , other proinflammatory cytokines were also inhibited if TNF alpha was neutralized , leading to the new concept that the proinflammatory cytokines were linked in a network with TNF alpha at its apex . This led to the hypothesis that TNF alpha was of major importance in rheumatoid arthritis and was a therapeutic target . This hypothesis has been successfully tested in animal models , of , for example , collagen-induced arthritis , and these studies have provided the rationale for clinical trials of anti-TNF alpha therapy in patients with long-standing rheumatoid arthritis . Several clinical trials using a chimeric anti-TNF alpha antibody have shown marked clinical benefit , verifying the hypothesis that TNF alpha is of major importance in rheumatoid arthritis . Retreatment studies have also shown benefit in repeated relapses , indicating that the disease remains TNF alpha dependent . Overall these studies demonstrate that analysis of cytokine expression and regulation may yield effective therapeutic targets in inflammatory disease . IL-17 is a newly discovered T cell-derived cytokine whose role in osteoclast development has not been fully elucidated . Treatment of cocultures of mouse hemopoietic cells and primary osteoblasts with recombinant human IL-17 induced the formation of multinucleated cells , which satisfied major criteria of osteoclasts , including tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase activity , calcitonin receptors , and pit formation on dentine slices . Direct interaction between osteoclast progenitors and osteoblasts was required for IL-17-induced osteoclastogenesis , which was completely inhibited by adding indomethacin or NS398 , a selective inhibitor of cyclooxgenase-2 -LRB- COX-2 -RRB- . Adding IL-17 increased prostaglandin E2 -LRB- PGE2 -RRB- synthesis in cocultures of bone marrow cells and osteoblasts and in single cultures of osteoblasts , but not in single cultures of bone marrow cells . ODF is a membrane-associated protein that transduces an essential signal -LRB- s -RRB- to osteoclast progenitors for differentiation into osteoclasts . Osteoclastogenesis inhibitory factor -LRB- OCIF -RRB- , a decoy receptor of ODF , completely inhibited IL-17-induced osteoclast differentiation in the cocultures . Levels of IL-17 in synovial fluids were significantly higher in rheumatoid arthritis -LRB- RA -RRB- patients than osteoarthritis -LRB- OA -RRB- patients . Anti-IL-17 antibody significantly inhibited osteoclast formation induced by culture media of RA synovial tissues . These findings suggest that IL-17 first acts on osteoblasts , which stimulates both COX-2-dependent PGE2 synthesis and ODF gene expression , which in turn induce differentiation of osteoclast progenitors into mature osteoclasts , and that IL-17 is a crucial cytokine for osteoclastic bone resorption in RA patients . To evaluate the clinical significance of interleukin-6 -LRB- IL-6 -RRB- measurements in relation to laboratory and clinical measures of disease activity and radiological progression in early rheumatoid arthritis -LRB- RA -RRB- . A prospective study was performed in 51 patients with early RA during the first three years of the disease , with monthly clinical and laboratory assessments and biannual radiographs of the hands and feet . IL-6 was measured by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay -LRB- ELISA -RRB- . Cross sectional -LRB- n = 51 -RRB- and longitudinal -LRB- n = 20 -RRB- correlations between plasma IL-6 concentrations and values of C reactive protein -LRB- CRP -RRB- , serum amyloid A protein -LRB- SAA -RRB- , erythrocyte sedimentation rate -LRB- ESR -RRB- , haemoglobin -LRB- Hb -RRB- , platelets , and joint scores were calculated , and correlations made between time integrated values of IL-6 , CRP and ESR , and radiological progression over three years -LRB- n
In a Phase I/II clinical trial , 13 higher risk red blood cell-dependent myelodysplastic syndrome -LRB- MDS -RRB- patients unresponsive to hypomethylating therapy were treated with the multikinase inhibitor ON 01910 . Na . Responses occurred in all morphologic , prognostic risk and cytogenetic subgroups , including four patients with marrow complete responses among eight with stable disease , associated with good drug tolerance . In a subset of patients , a novel nanoscale immunoassay showed substantially decreased AKT2 phosphorylation in CD34 + marrow cells from patients responding to therapy but not those who progressed on therapy . These data demonstrate encouraging efficacy and drug tolerance with ON 01910 . Na treatment of higher risk MDS patients . Oncogenic activation of RAS genes via point mutations occurs in 20 % -30 % of human cancers . The development of effective RAS inhibitors has been challenging , necessitating new approaches to inhibit this oncogenic protein . Functional studies have shown that the switch region of RAS interacts with a large number of effector proteins containing a common RAS-binding domain -LRB- RBD -RRB- . Because RBD-mediated interactions are essential for RAS signaling , blocking RBD association with small molecules constitutes an attractive therapeutic approach . Here , we present evidence that rigosertib , a styryl-benzyl sulfone , acts as a RAS-mimetic and interacts with the RBDs of RAF kinases , resulting in their inability to bind to RAS , disruption of RAF activation , and inhibition of the RAS-RAF-MEK pathway . We also find that ribosertib binds to the RBDs of Ral-GDS and PI3Ks . These results suggest that targeting of RBDs across multiple signaling pathways by rigosertib may represent an effective strategy for inactivation of RAS signaling . Survival is poor after failure of these drugs ; there is no approved second-line therapy . We compared the overall survival of patients receiving rigosertib and best supportive care with that of patients receiving best supportive care only in patients with myelodysplastic syndromes with excess blasts after failure of azacitidine or decitabine treatment . We did this randomised controlled trial at 74 hospitals and university medical centres in the USA and Europe . Patients were randomly assigned -LRB- 2:1 -RRB- to receive rigosertib 1800 mg per 24 h via 72-h continuous intravenous infusion administered every other week or best supportive care with or without low-dose cytarabine . Randomisation was stratified by pretreatment bone marrow blast percentage . Neither patients nor investigators were masked to treatment assignment . The primary outcome was overall survival in the intention-to-treat population . This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , NCT01241500 . From Dec 13 , 2010 , to Aug 15 , 2013 , we enrolled 299 patients : 199 assigned to rigosertib , 100 assigned to best supportive care . Median follow-up was 19 · 5 months -LRB- IQR 11 · 9-27 · 3 -RRB- . The most common grade 3 or higher adverse events were anaemia -LRB- 34 -LSB- 18 % -RSB- of 184 patients in the rigosertib group vs seven -LSB- 8 % -RSB- of 91 patients in the best supportive care group -RRB- , thrombocytopenia -LRB- 35 -LSB- 19 % -RSB- vs six -LSB- 7 % -RSB- -RRB- , neutropenia -LRB- 31 -LSB- 17 % -RSB- vs seven -LSB- 8 % -RSB- -RRB- , febrile neutropenia -LRB- 22 -LSB- 12 % -RSB- vs ten -LSB- 11 % -RSB- -RRB- , and pneumonia -LRB- 22 -LSB- 12 % -RSB- vs ten -LSB- 11 % -RSB- -RRB- . 41 -LRB- 22 % -RRB- of 184 patients in the rigosertib group and 30 -LRB- 33 % -RRB- of 91 patients in the best supportive care group died due to adverse events and three deaths were attributed to rigosertib treatment . Rigosertib did not significantly improve overall survival compared with best supportive care . A randomised phase 3 trial of rigosertib -LRB- NCT 02562443 -RRB- is underway in specific subgroups of patients deemed to be at high risk , including patients with very high risk per the Revised International Prognostic Scoring System criteria . Onconova Therapeutics , Leukemia & Lymphoma Society . Hypomethylating agents -LRB- HMAs -RRB- are the standard of care for patients with higher-risk myelodysplastic syndromes -LRB- MDS -RRB- , but patients who relapse or are refractory have a poor prognosis with an estimated survival of 4-6 months . Rigosertib , a Ras mimetic that inhibits the phophoinositide 3-kinase and polo-like kinase pathways , has been tested in patients with higher-risk MDS following treatment with HMAs , where there are no approved second-line therapies . This review will provide an overview of rigosertib , including safety and efficacy demonstrated in clinical trials . Expert commentary : There is an urgent need for new treatment options for patients who have failed or progressed on HMAs . Rigosertib is currently undergoing testing as a single agent in certain subsets of higher-risk MDS patients as well as in combination with azacitidine , where preliminary data show efficacy in patients with de novo MDS as well as HMA failures .
We report the effective use of injected BTX-A to treat refractory restless legs syndrome -LRB- RLS -RRB- . This is an observational case series of 3 patients meeting the essential diagnostic criteria for RLS whose symptoms were refractory to or who refused oral medication . Areas of maximal discomfort were injected as described below . Patient # 1 , a 58-year-old man with refractory RLS , received injections in both legs . The effect persisted for 12 weeks after injections . He temporarily stopped taking gabapentin . He experienced a mild increase in a timed run . Patient # 2 , a 38-year-old man with refractory RLS , received BTX-A injections in both legs and his lumbar paraspinal muscles . Three days after injection , he reported great improvement . Within 1 month , his Epworth Sleepiness Scale score had decreased from 19 to 5 . He stopped oral therapy during the peak therapeutic period . Patient # 3 , a 38-year-old woman had a prolonged sleep latency due to RLS . In 2 days , her discomfort and her subjective sleep latency improved . Both the urge to move and nocturnal restlessness resolved for 10 weeks . There were no untoward effects in all patients , and the response was repeated in successive injection cycles . Intramuscular BTX-A alleviated symptoms , reduced medication use , and/or reduced daytime sleepiness with minimal , if any , untoward effects .
This paper presents the treatment of a 12-year-old female spayed Great Dane who presented with vestibular signs -LRB- ataxia , nystagmus , hind end collapse -RRB- . Thoracic radiographs revealed a discrete pulmonary nodule in the right cranial lung lobe . Ultrasound-guided fine needle aspirate detected primary bronchoalveolar adenocarcinoma , verified via computed tomography , with a second smaller nodule discovered in the right cranial lung lobe . A lateral thoracotomy with right cranial lung lobectomy was performed . Histopathological analysis of the nodules and an excised lymph node identified grade III bronchoalveolar adenocarcinoma with vascular infiltration and lymph node metastasis - a grim diagnosis with a reported median survival time of 6-27 days . A 10-g sample of the tumour was processed into a chaperone-rich cell lysate -LRB- CRCL -RRB- vaccine , which was administered weekly to the patient . Imiquimod - a Toll-like receptor 7 -LRB- TLR7 -RRB- agonist - was applied topically for the first 12 treatments to stimulate local Langerhans cells . A single injection of bacillus Calmette-Guerin -LRB- BCG -RRB- was administered for additional immune stimulation at week 30 of treatment . The dog remained stable and in otherwise good health until diffuse relapse occurred 44 weeks after the initial treatment ; following gastrointestinal bleeding , the dog was euthanised 50 + weeks post diagnosis . To the authors ' knowledge , this is the first report of significantly prolonged survival following a diagnosis of grade III/stage III bronchoalveolar adenocarcinoma in a canine patient . This case report suggests that CRCL vaccine combined with topical imiquimod is a safe , effective treatment for canine tumours . The aim of this paper was to compare protein content of chaperone-rich cell lysate -LRB- CRCL -RRB- anti-cancer vaccines prepared from human tumours of different histological origins to evaluate the uniformity of their protein content . Clinical grade CRCL was prepared under Good Manufacturing Practice -LRB- GMP -RRB- conditions from surgically resected human tumours -LRB- colorectal cancer , glioblastoma , non-small cell lung cancer , ovarian cancer -RRB- . Protein samples were separated by SDS-PAGE and slices cut from gels for protease digestion followed by mass spectrometry analysis . Proteins were identified , and the content assessed by gene ontogeny/networking programmatic computation . CRCL preparations were also analysed by nanoparticle tracking analysis -LRB- NTA -RRB- and transmission electron microscopy -LRB- TEM -RRB- . We identified between 200 and 550 proteins in the various CRCL preparations . Gene ontogeny analysis indicated that the vaccines showed clear relationships , despite different tumour origins . A total of 95 proteins were common to all the CRCLs . Networking analyses implicated heat shock proteins in antigen processing pathways , and showed connections to the cytoskeletal network . We found that CRCL vaccines showed a particulate structure by NTA , and TEM revealed an extended fence-like structural network in CRCL , with regions that were microns in size . We conclude that it is feasible to prepare and characterise CRCL from a variety of different tissue sources ; a substantial portion of the protein content is identical among the different CRCLs , while the overall compositions also suggest high overlaps in functional categories . The protein content indicates the presence of antigens and implies a potential structure , which we believe may play a role in CRCL 's ability to stimulate innate antigen presenting cell activation . Therapeutic strategies combining the induction of effective antitumor immunity with the inhibition of the mechanisms of tumor-induced immunosuppression represent a key objective in cancer immunotherapy . Herein we demonstrate that effector/memory CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T helper-1 -LRB- Th-1 -RRB- lymphocytes , in addition to polarizing type-1 antitumor immune responses , impair tumor-induced CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- CD25 -LRB- + -RRB- FoxP3 -LRB- + -RRB- regulatory T lymphocyte -LRB- Treg -RRB- immunosuppressive function in vitro and in vivo . Th-1 cells also inhibit the generation of FoxP3 -LRB- + -RRB- Tregs from naive CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- CD25 -LRB- - -RRB- FoxP3 -LRB- - -RRB- T cells by an interferon-γ-dependent mechanism . In addition , in an aggressive mouse leukemia model -LRB- 12B1 -RRB- , Th-1 lymphocytes act synergistically with a chaperone-rich cell lysate -LRB- CRCL -RRB- vaccine , leading to improved survival and long-lasting protection against leukemia . The combination of CRCL as a source of tumor-specific antigens and Th-1 lymphocytes as an adjuvant has the potential to stimulate efficient specific antitumor immunity while restraining Treg-induced suppression . Fully allogeneic CD3/CD28 cross-linked Th1 cells were found to elicit host-mediated anti-leukemia effects without GVHD toxicity . Mice inoculated with a lethal dose of BCL1 leukemia demonstrated significantly enhanced survival after allogeneic Th1 treatment . Cure rates of 12.5 % with a single allogeneic cell infusion and 31.25 % with multiple infusions were demonstrated . Cured mice were able to reject rechallenge with a lethal dose of tumor without further treatment . These results suggest that use of intentionally mis-matched , Th1 memory cells infused with cross-linked CD3/CD28 could represent a novel clinical approach to eliciting potent anti-tumor effects in patients without conditioning and without GVHD toxicity . The anti-tumor immune response that occurs in allogeneic bone marrow/stem cell transplant -LRB- BMT -RRB- settings is capable of eradicating tumors that are resistant to chemotherapy/radiation treatment . This anti-tumor immune response , known as the graft vs. tumor -LRB- GVT -RRB- effect , is the most effective immunotherapy treatment ever discovered . Unfortunately , the clinical application of GVT is severely limited due to the intimate association of GVT with the extremely toxic and often lethal side-effect known as graft vs. host disease -LRB- GVHD -RRB- . It is a major research focus in the field of BMT to develop methods to separate the beneficial GVT effect from the detrimental GVHD toxicity . However , due to the intimate association of these effects , attempts to limit GVHD also have a tendency to limit the GVT effect . We propose a new concept for harnessing the power of the
Despite significant progress in cancer therapy , the outcome of the treatment is often unfavorable . Better treatment monitoring would not only allow an individual more effective , patient-adjusted therapy , but also it would eliminate some of the side effects . Using a cytochrome c ELISA that was modified to increase sensitivity , we demonstrate that serum cytochrome c is a sensitive apoptotic marker in vivo reflecting therapy-induced cell death burden . Furthermore , increased serum cytochrome c level is a negative prognostic marker . Cancer patients whose serum cytochrome c level was normal 3 years ago have a twice as high probability to be still alive , as judged from sera samples collected for 3 years , analyzed recently and matched with survival data . Moreover , we show that serum cytochrome c and serum LDH-activity reflect different stages and different forms of cell death . Cellular cytochrome c release is specific for apoptosis , whereas increased LDH activity is an indicator of -LRB- secondary -RRB- necrosis . Whereas serum LDH activity reflects the `` global '' degree of cell death over a period of time , the sensitive cytochrome c-based method allows confirmation of the individual cancer therapy-induced and spontaneous cell death events . The combination of cytochrome c with tissue-specific markers may provide the foundation for precise monitoring of apoptosis in vivo , by `` lab-on-the-chip '' technology . Cytochrome c and tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations were measured in serum and cerebrospinal fluid samples from 10 patients with influenza-associated encephalopathy . In the acute exacerbation phase , serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha and cytochrome c values were high in patients with a poor prognosis . In the convalescent phase , cerebrospinal fluid cytochrome c values increased remarkably in patients with subsequent brain atrophy . To evaluate the prognostic predictive values of cytochrome c , cytokines , and other laboratory measurements in serum collected during neurological onset in acute encephalopathy with multiple organ failure . In addition to general laboratory examinations , the concentrations of cytochrome c -LRB- apoptosis marker -RRB- and cytokines -LRB- inflammatory markers -RRB- were measured in serum samples collected at the initial phase in 29 patients with acute encephalopathy . The obtained values were evaluated as predictors for the development of severe encephalopathy . Cytochrome c , tumour necrosis factor alpha -LRB- TNF-alpha -RRB- , interleukin 6 -LRB- IL-6 -RRB- , soluble TNF-receptor 1 -LRB- sTNF-R1 -RRB- , and aspartate aminotransferase -LRB- AST -RRB- concentrations at the initial phase were high and correlated well with patient outcome . High concentrations of serum cytochrome c -LRB- > 45 ng/ml -RRB- , sTNF-R1 -LRB- > 2000 pg/ml -RRB- , AST -LRB- > 58 IU/dl -RRB- , IL-6 -LRB- > 60 pg/ml -RRB- , and TNF-alpha -LRB- > 15 pg/ml -RRB- predicted an unfavourable prognosis -LRB- sequelae and death -RRB- at 93 % , 79 % , 82 % , 77 % , and 60 % , respectively . The specificity of those markers was 100 % , 89 % , 83 % , 100 % , and 100 % , respectively . Serum cytochrome c is the most sensitive and specific predictor for the development of severe encephalopathy at the initial phase . Results suggest that this marker might be used to guide decisions regarding the start of the initial treatment and further intensive care . Cytochrome c is known as a substance related to apoptosis . We investigated serum cytochrome c levels in patients with fulminant hepatitis -LRB- FH -RRB- compared with these levels in patients with acute or chronic liver diseases . Serum cytochrome c was measured by an electrochemiluminescence immunoassay -LRB- ECLIA -RRB- method . The numbers of patients were as follows : fulminant hepatitis -LRB- FH ; n = 15 -RRB- , acute hepatitis -LRB- AH ; n = 12 -RRB- , chronic hepatitis -LRB- CH ; n = 30 -RRB- , chronic hepatitis with acute aggravation -LRB- CHA ; n = 6 -RRB- , liver cirrhosis -LRB- LC ; n = 30 -RRB- , hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC ; n = 30 -RRB- , and healthy volunteers -LRB- controls ; n = 9 -RRB- . The serum cytochrome c level in FH was 10 686 + / - 7787 pg/ml , with a significant difference -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- compared to levels in the other groups . In the FH patients , the serum cytochrome c level was significantly correlated to serum mitochondria -LRB- m -RRB- - GOT , hepatocyte growth factor -LRB- HGF -RRB- , aspartate aminotransferase -LRB- AST -RRB- , lactic dehydrogenase -LRB- LDH -RRB- , and alkaline phosphatase -LRB- ALP -RRB- , and it was negatively correlated to serum alpha-fetoprotein -LRB- AFP -RRB- , and total bilirubin -LRB- T.Bil . -RRB- The serum cytochrome c level seemed to parallel the severity of hepatic coma . Immunohistochemical study indicated TdT mediated dUTP nick end labeling -LRB- TUNEL -RRB- - positive cells in the livers of patients with FH . These results suggest that serum cytochrome c may be a possible new marker for acute liver failure . To develop an objective scale to measure the severity of the multiple organ dysfunction syndrome as an outcome in critical illness . Systematic literature review ; prospective cohort study . Surgical intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- of a tertiary-level teaching hospital . All patients -LRB- n = 692 -RRB- admitted for > 24 hrs between May 1988 and March 1990 . None . Computerized database review of MEDLINE identified clinical studies of multiple organ failure that were published between 1969 and 1993 . Variables from these studies were evaluated for construct and content validity to identify optimal descriptors of organ dysfunction . Clinical and laboratory data were collected daily to evaluate the performance of these variables individually and in aggregate as an organ dysfunction score . Seven systems defined the multiple organ dysfunction syndrome in more than half of the 30 published reports reviewed . Descriptors meeting criteria for construct
A double-blind , randomized controlled trial of a novel educational booklet compared with a traditional booklet for patients seeking treatment in primary care for acute or recurrent low back pain . To test the impact of a novel educational booklet on patients ' beliefs about back pain and functional outcome . The information and advice that health professionals give to patients may be important in health care intervention , but there is little scientific evidence of their effectiveness . A novel patient educational booklet , The Back Book , has been developed to provide evidence-based information and advice consistent with current clinical guidelines . One hundred sixty-two patients were given either the experimental booklet or a traditional booklet . Postal follow-up response at 1 year after initial treatment was 78 % . A greater proportion of patients with an initially high fear-avoidance beliefs score who received the experimental booklet had clinically important improvement in fear-avoidance beliefs about physical activity at 2 weeks , followed by a clinically important improvement in the Roland Disability Questionnaire score at 3 months . There was no effect on pain .
This study was conducted to evaluate the complications and bleeding associated with either thrombocytopoenia or prolongation of prothrombin time for ultrasound-guided abdominal paracentesis in the emergency department . In an emergency department of a tertiary centre , patients receiving ultrasound-guided abdominal paracentesis by the emergency physicians were prospectively enrolled . Patient characteristics , the preprocedure international normalised ratio for prothrombin time and the platelet count , and the procedure-related complications were collected and analysed . For a 2-year study period , a total of 410 abdominal paracenteses in 163 patients were investigated . The preprocedure international normalised ratio for prothrombin time was more than 1.5 in 142 paracenteses ; the preprocedure platelet count was less than 50 x 10 -LRB- 3 -RRB- microL -LRB- -1 -RRB- in 55 paracenteses . Only two out of 410 procedures -LRB- 0.5 % , 95 % confidence interval = 0.1-1.8 % -RRB- were associated with minor complications of cutaneous bleeding in the same patient -LRB- 0.6 % , 95 % confidence interval = 0.1-3.4 % -RRB- at different visits . There was no significant procedure-related bleeding or complications even in patients with marked thrombocytopoenia or prolongation in international normalised ratio . Bleeding complication of ultrasound-guided abdominal paracentesis is uncommon and appears to be very mild , regardless of preprocedure international normalised ratio or platelet count . Routine correction of prolonged international normalised ratio or thrombocytopoenia before abdominal paracentesis may not be necessary . It has recently been shown that repeated large-volume paracentesis associated with intravenous albumin infusion is a rapid , effective , and safe therapy of ascites in cirrhosis . To investigate whether intravenous albumin infusion is necessary in the treatment of cirrhotics with large-volume paracentesis , 105 patients with tense ascites were randomly allocated into two groups . Fifty-two patients -LRB- group 1 -RRB- were treated with paracentesis -LRB- 4-6 L/day until disappearance of ascites -RRB- plus intravenous albumin infusion -LRB- 40 g after each tap -RRB- , and 53 -LRB- group 2 -RRB- with paracentesis without albumin infusion . After disappearance of ascites , patients were discharged from the hospital with diuretics . Patients developing tense ascites during follow-up were treated according to their initial schedule . Paracentesis was effective in eliminating the ascites in 50 patients from group 1 and in 48 from group 2 , with the duration of the hospital stay being approximately 11 days in both groups . Paracentesis plus intravenous albumin did not induce significant changes in standard renal function tests , plasma renin activity , and plasma aldosterone . In contrast , paracentesis without albumin was associated with a significant increase in blood urea nitrogen , a marked elevation in plasma renin activity and plasma aldosterone concentration , and a significant reduction in serum sodium concentration . One patient from group 1 and 11 from group 2 developed renal impairment or severe hyponatremia after treatment , or both -LRB- chi 2 = 9.19 ; p less than 0.01 -RRB- . The development of these complications could not be predicted by clinical and laboratory data before treatment . Although the probability of survival after entry into the study was similar in patients from both groups , a multivariate analysis identified the development of hyponatremia or renal impairment , or both , following the first paracentesis treatment and the occurrence of other complications during the first hospitalization -LRB- encephalopathy , gastrointestinal bleeding , and severe infection -RRB- as being the only independent predictors of mortality . These results indicate that intravenous albumin infusion is important in avoiding renal and electrolyte complications and activation of endogenous vasoactive systems in cirrhotics with ascites who are treated with repeated large-volume paracentesis . The development of such complications may impair survival in these patients . The aim of the current study was to compare total paracentesis associated with dextran-40 infusion with diuretics in the treatment of tense ascites in patients with cirrhosis . Eighty patients were randomly allocated to two groups : 40 patients were treated with paracentesis plus dextran-40 infusion -LRB- 8 g per liter of ascitic fluid removed -RRB- , and 40 patients with diuretics . The incidence of complications was significantly higher -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- in the diuretic group -LRB- 38 % -RRB- than in the paracentesis group -LRB- 15 % -RRB- . This difference was mainly due to a higher incidence of hepatic encephalopathy in the former group -LRB- 30 % vs. 2.5 % -RRB- . A significantly higher incidence of hepatic encephalopathy was also observed in the diuretic group during the follow-up readmissions for ascites recurrence . There were no significant differences between the two treatment groups in the probability of survival after inclusion . Plasma renin activity and plasma aldosterone concentration measured before and 2 and 6 days after paracentesis in 20 randomly selected patients increased significantly -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- -LRB- baseline values : 5.3 + / - 1.4 ng.ml-1 . h-1 and 63 + / - 21 ng/dl ; 48 h after paracentesis : 11.7 + / - 3.9 ng.ml-1 . h-1 and 99 + / - 31 ng/dl ; 6 days after paracentesis : 10.9 + / - 3 ng.ml-1 . h-1 and 110 + / - 27 ng/dl -RRB- . -LRB- ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS -RRB- Refractory ascites -LRB- RA -RRB- is a frequent complication of cirrhosis , requiring large volume paracentesis or placement of a transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt -LRB- TIPSS -RRB- . The automated low-flow ascites pump -LRB- alfapump , Sequana Medical AG , Zurich , Switzerland -RRB- is an innovative treatment option for patients with RA . To assess safety and efficacy of this treatment in patients with a contraindication to TIPSS . Fifty-six patients -LRB- 43 males ; mean age 62 years -RRB- from centres in Germany , Switzerland , UK and Spain were included and followed for up to 24 months . Complications , device deficiencies , paracentesis frequency and patient survival were recorded . At the time of this analysis ,
The present study aimed to evaluate if the BTS algorithm can be used to identify chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- patients in need of supplemental oxygen during air travel , i.e. patients with an in-flight PaO2 < 6.6 kPa -LRB- 50 mmHg -RRB- . There were 100 COPD patients allocated to groups according to the BTS algorithm : Spo2sl > 95 % , Spo2sl 92-95 % without additional risk factors ; Spo2sl 92-95 % with additional risk factors ; Spo2sl < 92 % ; and patients using domiciliary oxygen . The percentage of patients in the various groups dropping below 6.6 kPa during HAST were : Spo2sl > 95 % : 30 % ; Spo2sl 92-95 % without additional risk factors : 67 % ; Spo2sl 92-95 % with additional risk factors : 70 % ; Spo2sl < 92 % : 83 % ; and patients using domiciliary oxygen : 81 % . In patients dropping below P -LRB- a -RRB- o -LRB- 2 -RRB- 6.6 kPa , supplemental oxygen of median 1 L x min -LRB- -1 -RRB- was needed to exceed this limit . The aim of the study was to investigate hypoxaemia in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients during a commercial flight . The effect of a commercial flight , lasting 5 h 40 min , on arterial blood gas levels and symptoms in 18 chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients with a pre-flight percutaneous oxygen saturation of 94 % and self-reported ability to walk 50 m without severe dyspnoea was studied . The arterial oxygen tension -LRB- Pa , O2 -RRB- decreased from sea level to cruising altitude -LRB- 10.3 + / -1.2 versus 8.6 + / -0.8 kPa -RRB- , but , thereafter , except for one patient , remained stable throughout the flight . During light exercise , however , there was further desaturation -LRB- percutaneous oxygen saturation 90 + / -4 versus 87 + / -4 % -RRB- . After 4 h , a decrease in arterial carbon dioxide tension -LRB- 5.0 + / -0.4 versus 4.8 + / -0.4 kPa -RRB- and an increase in cardiac frequency -LRB- 87 + / -13 versus 95 + / -13 beats x min -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- were observed . A pre-flight Pa , O2 of > 9.3 kPa did not secure an acceptable in-flight Pa , O2 . Aerobic capacity showed the strongest correlation with in-flight Pa , O2 . In conclusion , following an initial decrease in arterial oxygen tension , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients in a stable state of their disease seem to maintain a stable arterial oxygen tension throughout a flight of intermediate duration , except when walking along the aisle . However , a decrease in arterial carbon dioxide tension , indicating compensatory hyperventilation , could imply a risk of respiratory fatigue during longer flights .
Pluripotency pertains to the cells of early embryos that can generate all of the tissues in the organism . Embryonic stem cells are embryo-derived cell lines that retain pluripotency and represent invaluable tools for research into the mechanisms of tissue formation . Recently , murine fibroblasts have been reprogrammed directly to pluripotency by ectopic expression of four transcription factors -LRB- Oct4 , Sox2 , Klf4 and Myc -RRB- to yield induced pluripotent stem -LRB- iPS -RRB- cells . Using these same factors , we have derived iPS cells from fetal , neonatal and adult human primary cells , including dermal fibroblasts isolated from a skin biopsy of a healthy research subject . Human iPS cells resemble embryonic stem cells in morphology and gene expression and in the capacity to form teratomas in immune-deficient mice . These data demonstrate that defined factors can reprogramme human cells to pluripotency , and establish a method whereby patient-specific cells might be established in culture . Recently , human somatic cells have been reprogrammed directly to pluripotency by ectopic expression of four transcription factors -LRB- Oct4 , Sox2 , Klf4 and Myc -RRB- to yield induced pluripotent stem -LRB- iPS -RRB- cells . Human iPS cells are a potential source of patient-specific pluripotent stem cells that would bypass immune rejection . iPS cells can also be used to study diseases for which there are no adequate human in vitro or animal models . In this protocol , we describe how to establish primary human fibroblasts lines and how to derive iPS cells by retroviral transduction of reprogramming factors . Overall , it takes 2 months to complete reprogramming human primary fibroblasts starting from biopsy . Direct reprogramming of human fibroblasts to a pluripotent state has been achieved through ectopic expression of the transcription factors OCT4 , SOX2 , and either cMYC and KLF4 or NANOG and LIN28 . Little is known , however , about the mechanisms by which reprogramming occurs , which is in part limited by the low efficiency of conversion . To this end , we sought to create a doxycycline-inducible lentiviral system to convert primary human fibroblasts and keratinocytes into human induced pluripotent stem cells -LRB- hiPSCs -RRB- . hiPSCs generated with this system were molecularly and functionally similar to human embryonic stem cells -LRB- hESCs -RRB- , demonstrated by gene expression profiles , DNA methylation status , and differentiation potential . While expression of the viral transgenes was required for several weeks in fibroblasts , we found that 10 days was sufficient for the reprogramming of keratinocytes . Using our inducible system , we developed a strategy to induce hiPSC formation at high frequency . Upon addition of doxycycline to hiPSC-derived differentiated cells , we obtained `` secondary '' hiPSCs at a frequency at least 100-fold greater than the initial conversion . The ability to reprogram cells at high efficiency provides a unique platform to dissect the underlying molecular and biochemical processes that accompany nuclear reprogramming . We have previously shown that pluripotent stem cells can be induced from mouse fibroblasts by retroviral introduction of Oct3/4 -LRB- also called Pou5f1 -RRB- , Sox2 , c-Myc and Klf4 , and subsequent selection for Fbx15 -LRB- also called Fbxo15 -RRB- expression . These induced pluripotent stem -LRB- iPS -RRB- cells -LRB- hereafter called Fbx15 iPS cells -RRB- are similar to embryonic stem -LRB- ES -RRB- cells in morphology , proliferation and teratoma formation ; however , they are different with regards to gene expression and DNA methylation patterns , and fail to produce adult chimaeras . Here we show that selection for Nanog expression results in germline-competent iPS cells with increased ES-cell-like gene expression and DNA methylation patterns compared with Fbx15 iPS cells . The four transgenes -LRB- Oct3/4 , Sox2 , c-myc and Klf4 -RRB- were strongly silenced in Nanog iPS cells . We obtained adult chimaeras from seven Nanog iPS cell clones , with one clone being transmitted through the germ line to the next generation . Approximately 20 % of the offspring developed tumours attributable to reactivation of the c-myc transgene . Thus , iPS cells competent for germline chimaeras can be obtained from fibroblasts , but retroviral introduction of c-Myc should be avoided for clinical application . Successful reprogramming of differentiated human somatic cells into a pluripotent state would allow creation of patient - and disease-specific stem cells . We previously reported generation of induced pluripotent stem -LRB- iPS -RRB- cells , capable of germline transmission , from mouse somatic cells by transduction of four defined transcription factors . Here , we demonstrate the generation of iPS cells from adult human dermal fibroblasts with the same four factors : Oct3/4 , Sox2 , Klf4 , and c-Myc . Human iPS cells were similar to human embryonic stem -LRB- ES -RRB- cells in morphology , proliferation , surface antigens , gene expression , epigenetic status of pluripotent cell-specific genes , and telomerase activity . Furthermore , these cells could differentiate into cell types of the three germ layers in vitro and in teratomas . These findings demonstrate that iPS cells can be generated from adult human fibroblasts . Pluripotent stem cells have been generated from mouse and human somatic cells by viral expression of the transcription factors Oct4 , Sox2 , Klf4 , and c-Myc . A major limitation of this technology is the use of potentially harmful genome-integrating viruses . We generated mouse induced pluripotent stem -LRB- iPS -RRB- cells from fibroblasts and liver cells by using nonintegrating adenoviruses transiently expressing Oct4 , Sox2 , Klf4 , and c-Myc . These adenoviral iPS -LRB- adeno-iPS -RRB- cells show DNA demethylation characteristic of reprogrammed cells , express endogenous pluripotency genes , form teratomas , and contribute to multiple tissues , including the germ line , in chimeric mice . Our results provide strong evidence that insertional mutagenesis is not required for in vitro reprogramming . Adenoviral reprogramming may provide an improved method for generating and studying patient-specific stem cells
This is a retrospective review of 113 hospitalized children with maxillofacial infections . The upper face -LRB- orbits , paranasal sinuses , maxillary teeth , and cheeks -RRB- was affected most frequently in younger children -LRB- mean age = 4.03 years -RRB- , and the source of infection was often unknown . The patients were treated empirically with a second-generation cephalosporin . Lower-face infections -LRB- mandibular teeth , submental , sublingual , and submandibular structures -RRB- occurred more frequently in older children -LRB- mean age = 5.56 years -RRB- and were likely to be of odontogenic origin . Empiric therapy in lower face infections usually consisted of penicillin . Pediatric facial infections are quite variable in clinical behavior , making early diagnosis and treatment challenging . To better understand and manage these infections , we conducted a retrospective study . The cohort consisted of 143 pediatric patients -LRB- age < 15 years -RRB- admitted to Grady Memorial Hospital -LRB- Atlanta , GA -RRB- with facial infections . Data concerning patient demographics , source and location of infection , culture results , and treatment modalities were evaluated . Eighty-one percent -LRB- n = 116 -RRB- had lower face infections -LRB- LFI -RRB- . Children with UFI were younger , had more acute symptoms , and an elevated white blood cell count . The source of infection was commonly unknown and there was a wide variability of cultured organisms . Children with LFI were generally older , with symptoms of a more chronic nature . The source of infection could frequently be identified and the types of organisms cultured were less variable . Children with UFI were usually treated with antibiotics alone while children with LFI were more likely to require an operation to resolve the infection . Study results lend support to our clinical hypothesis developed in earlier studies that location of infection may be a useful variable that aids in the early diagnosis and management of pediatric facial infections . The study was undertaken to characterize the microbiology of dental abscesses in children and to compare clindamycin and ampicillin/sulbactam in the treatment of facial cellulitis of odontogenic origin . Sixty children with acute facial cellulitis of dental origin underwent surgery -LRB- extraction or root canal procedure -RRB- within 24 hours of presentation . Pus samples were cultured aerobically and anaerobically . Patients were randomized -LRB- 1:1 -RRB- to receive intravenous ampicillin/sulbactam or clindamycin for 48 hours followed by oral amoxicillin/clavulanate or clindamycin for 7 days . A total of 211 bacterial isolates were recovered from 54 samples . The most common aerobic and facultative organisms were viridans streptococci , Neisseria , and Eikenella species . Among anaerobes , Prevotella and Peptostreptococcus species were the most frequent . No treatment failure occurred in either group . Dental abscesses in children are polymicrobial aerobic/anaerobic infections . Treatment of complicated dental infections with ampicillin plus a beta-lactamase inhibitor or clindamycin in combination with surgical drainage is very effective . We examined the spectrum of oral pathogens found in odontogenic abscesses and their susceptibility to penicillin as well as to amoxicillin with clavulanic acid , doxycycline , clindamycin and moxifloxacin . The in vitro results were compared with clinical observations . One hundred and eighty eight swabs were obtained from 94 patients with odontogenic abscesses . Bacterial strains were isolated for susceptibility tests . The same patients were investigated for their clinical outcome after standard therapy . A total of 517 bacterial strains were isolated from 94 patients . Ninety eight per cent of abscesses were polymicrobial . The most prevalent bacteria were Viridans streptococci representing 54 % of the aerobic/facultative anaerobic bacteria . Prevotella spp. comprised 53 % of the anaerobes . No multiresistant strains were detected . Susceptibility testing revealed a sensitivity of over 99 % of aerobes/facultative aerobes and 96 % of anaerobes sensitivity for moxifloxacin . The corresponding values for penicillin were lowest at 61 % and 79 % , respectively . In the clinical collective , patients with minor abscesses and no risk of further progression received surgical treatment without antibiotics -LRB- 36 % -RRB- . Penicillin was administered additionally in 30 % . Amoxicillin with clavulanic acid was given in 18 % and clindamycin in 15 % . Ninety two of the 94 patients showed significant recovery with the described treatment . Only in two cases was a change to the latest broader spectrum antibiotics necessary . In contrast to the moderate in vitro results , penicillin successfully treated the pathogens derived from odontogenic abscess sufficiently when adequate surgical treatment was provided . One third of the patients was treated successfully with incision and drainage only . We suggest that one good reason for its clinical efficacy is the susceptibility of the dominant aerobe/facultative aerobe and anaerobe strains to penicillin . This study 's purpose was to assess characteristics of pediatric patients with odontogenic-based facial cellulitis , treatment strategies , and their relationship to length of stay -LRB- LOS -RRB- . This retrospective study was performed on individuals younger than 18 years old who were hospitalized for facial cellulitis of odontogenic origin -LRB- FCOO -RRB- . Medical records were reviewed for all patients with a discharge diagnosis of FCOO or buccal cellulitis . Patients ' clinical characteristics were evaluated and assessed for their relationship to LOS . A total of 106 children were diagnosed with FCOO . LOS was significantly shorter in patients who had a tooth extracted within 48 hours versus patients who had a tooth extracted at 48 hours or longer -LRB- P = .007 -RRB- . LOS was significantly shorter in patients with upper face and left face infections than lower face infections -LRB- P = .01 -RRB- and right face infections -LRB- P = .01 -RRB- , respectively . Patients with a primary first molar infection had the shortest LOS ; patients with a white blood cell count less than 10,000 cells/mm3 had shorter LOS . Early tooth extraction may decrease the length of
To determine whether FOLFOX4 -LRB- infusional fluorouracil , leucovorin , and oxaliplatin -RRB- administered as palliative chemotherapy to patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- provides a survival benefit and efficacy versus doxorubicin . This multicenter , open-label , randomized , phase III study in mainland China , Taiwan , Korea , and Thailand involved 371 patients age 18 to 75 years who had locally advanced or metastatic HCC and were ineligible for curative resection or local treatment . They were randomly assigned at a ratio of one to one to receive either FOLFOX4 -LRB- n = 184 -RRB- or doxorubicin -LRB- n = 187 -RRB- . The primary end point was overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- ; secondary end points included progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- , response rate -LRB- RR -RRB- by RECIST -LRB- version 1.0 -RRB- , and safety . At the prespecified final analysis , median OS was 6.40 months with FOLFOX4 -LRB- 95 % CI , 5.30 to 7.03 -RRB- and 4.97 months with doxorubicin -LRB- 95 % CI , 4.23 to 6.03 ; P = .07 ; hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- , 0.80 ; 95 % CI , 0.63 to 1.02 -RRB- . Median PFS was 2.93 months with FOLFOX4 -LRB- 95 % CI , 2.43 to 3.53 -RRB- , and 1.77 months with doxorubicin -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.63 to 2.30 ; P < .001 ; HR , 0.62 ; 95 % CI , 0.49 to 0.79 -RRB- . RR was 8.15 % with FOLFOX4 and 2.67 % with doxorubicin -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- . On continued follow-up , the trend toward increased OS with FOLFOX4 was maintained -LRB- P = .04 ; HR , 0.79 ; 95 % CI , 0.63 to 0.99 -RRB- . Toxicity was consistent with previous experiences with FOLFOX4 ; proportions of grade 3 to 4 adverse events were similar between treatments . Although the study did not meet its primary end point , the trend toward improved OS with FOLFOX4 , along with increased PFS and RR , suggests that this regimen may confer some benefit to Asian patients , but an OS benefit can not be concluded from these data . To evaluate the clinical efficacy of capecitabine combined with transcatheter arterial chemoembolization -LRB- TACE -RRB- for advanced liver cancer . Forty-nine patients with liver cancer were retrospectively divided into two groups : Treatment group , on the basis of TACE , 23 patients received oral capecitabine at 2500 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- , twice-daily for 14 days followed by 7-day rest period and repeated in every three week intervals for more than two cycles . Control group , 26 patients received TACE only at 2-month intervals for at least two cycles . In capecitabine and TACE group : there were 1 CR , 14 PR , 5 SD and 3 PD ; the overall response rate was 65.2 % ; the AFP and tumor reduction rates were 68.8 % and 73.9 % ; the median survival time was 11.9 months . In the TACE only group : there were 0 CR , 7 PR , 12 SD and 7 PD ; the overall response rate was 26.9 % ; the AFP and tumor reduction rates were 31.6 % and 30.8 % ; the median survival time was 8.3 months . The most common side-effects of capecitabine were hand-foot syndrome and diarrhea . Capecitabine combined with TACE is safe and effective for advanced liver cancer . Hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- is a major and often therapeutically frustrating oncological problem . A total of 100 patients with unresectable HCC were recruited and randomized to be treated with either transcatheter arterial chemoembolization -LRB- TACE -RRB- or systemic chemotherapy . Fifty patients were treated with TACE using lipiodol , doxorubicin and cisplatin , while 50 patients were treated with systemic doxorubicin alone . Patients treated with TACE achieved a significantly higher response rate , with partial response achieved in 16 patients -LRB- 32 % -RRB- versus five patients -LRB- 10 % -RRB- in the chemotherapy arm -LRB- P = 0.007 -RRB- . A significantly more favourable tumour response to chemoembolization was found in patients with single lesions -LRB- P = 0.02 -RRB- , Child class A -LRB- P = 0.007 -RRB- , Okuda stage 1 -LRB- P = 0.005 -RRB- and alpha-feto protein less than 400 ng/mL -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . The probability of tumour progression was significantly lower in cases treated with TACE where the median progression free survival was 32 weeks -LRB- range , 16-70 weeks -RRB- versus 26 weeks -LRB- range , 14-54 weeks -RRB- for patients treated with systemic chemotherapy -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- . Mortality in the chemoembolization arm was due to tumour progression in 18 patients -LRB- 53 % -RRB- , liver failure in 11 patients -LRB- 32 % -RRB- and gastro intestinal tract -LRB- GIT -RRB- bleeding in 5 patients -LRB- 15 % -RRB- . Mortality in the chemotherapy arm was due to tumour progression in 23 patients -LRB- 64 % -RRB- , liver failure in 9 patients -LRB- 25 % -RRB- and GIT bleeding in 4 patients -LRB- 11 % -RRB- . Treatment-related mortality was 4 % in the TACE arm versus 0 % in the chemotherapy arm . In conclusion , the overall survival benefits of TACE and systemic doxorubicin are similar for patients with unresectable HCC amenable to either treatment . It is crucial to optimize the benefit-risk ratio of TACE . In this setting , serum albumin level is a candidate marker for selection of cases who may benefit from this procedure .
It has been 30 years since the discovery that repeated electrical stimulation of neural pathways can lead to long-term potentiation in hippocampal slices . With its relevance to processes such as learning and memory , the technique has produced a vast literature on mechanisms of synaptic plasticity in animal models . To date , the most promising method for transferring these methods to humans is repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation -LRB- rTMS -RRB- , a noninvasive method of stimulating neural pathways in the brain of conscious subjects through the intact scalp . However , effects on synaptic plasticity reported are often weak , highly variable between individuals , and rarely last longer than 30 min . Here we describe a very rapid method of conditioning the human motor cortex using rTMS that produces a controllable , consistent , long-lasting , and powerful effect on motor cortex physiology and behavior after an application period of only 20-190 s. This study was designed to evaluate the therapeutic effect of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation -LRB- rTMS -RRB- on patients with refractory partial epilepsy . Sixty-four patients with refractory focal epilepsy were screened and 60 patients were randomly divided into two groups by stimulation intensity : 90 % -LRB- group 1 -RRB- or 20 % -LRB- group 2 -RRB- of resting motor threshold -LRB- rMT -RRB- . Seizure frequency and interictal EEG epileptic discharges were compared between the baseline and follow-up periods . Seizures significantly decreased following 2-weeks high intensity -LRB- 90 % rMT -RRB- rTMS treatment compared with baseline level -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . rTMS also decreased interictal epilepsy discharges and improved the scales of Symptom Checklist-90 significantly -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . Seizures and spikes in the follow-up period in the patients who received low intensity -LRB- 20 % rMT -RRB- rTMS did not show any difference compared with baseline data -LRB- p > 0.05 , respectively -RRB- . Low-frequency high intensity rTMS -LRB- 90 % rMT -RRB- delivered into the epileptogenic zone had a significant antiepileptic effect on patients with refractory partial seizures . rTMS treatment can also reduce the interictal epileptic discharge frequency and improve the psychological condition of these patients . To study the antiepileptic effects of rTMS in patients with refractory epilepsy and malformations of cortical development in a randomized , double-blind , sham-controlled trial . Twenty-one patients with malformations of cortical development and refractory epilepsy underwent five consecutive sessions of low-frequency rTMS , either sham or active -LRB- 1Hz , 1,200 pulses -RRB- , focally targeting the malformations of cortical development . The number of epileptiform discharges in the electroencephalogram and the number of clinical seizures were measured before -LRB- baseline -RRB- , immediately after , as well as 30 and 60 days after rTMS treatment . rTMS significantly decreased the number of seizures in the active compared with sham rTMS group -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- , and this effect lasted for at least 2 months . Furthermore , there was a significant decrease in the number of epileptiform discharges immediately after -LRB- p = 0.01 -RRB- and at week 4 -LRB- p = 0.03 -RRB- in the active rTMS group only . There were few mild adverse effects equally distributed in both groups . The preliminary cognitive evaluation suggests improvement in some aspects of cognition in the active rTMS group only . Noninvasive brain stimulation for epilepsy may be an alternative treatment for pharmaco-resistant patients with clearly identifiable seizure foci in the cortical convexity and who are not eligible for surgical treatment . To assess the effectiveness of slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation -LRB- rTMS -RRB- as an adjunctive treatment for drug-resistant epilepsy . Forty-three patients with drug-resistant epilepsy from eight Italian Centers underwent a randomized , double-blind , sham-controlled , crossover study on the clinical and EEG effects of slow rTMS . The stimulus frequency was 0.3 Hz . One thousand stimuli per day were given at the resting motor threshold intensity for 5 consecutive days , with a round coil at the vertex . `` Active '' rTMS was no better than placebo for seizure reduction . However , it decreased interictal EEG epileptiform abnormalities significantly -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- in one-third of the patients , which supports a detectable biologic effect . No correlation linked the rTMS effects on seizure frequency to syndrome or anatomic classification , seizure type , EEG changes , or resting motor threshold -LRB- an index of motor cortex excitability -RRB- . Although the antiepileptic action was not significant -LRB- p > 0.05 -RRB- , the individual EEG reactivity to `` active '' rTMS may be encouraging for the development of more-powerful , noninvasive neuromodulatory strategies . To perform a controlled trial of transcranial magnetic stimulation -LRB- TMS -RRB- . Twenty-four patients with localization-related epilepsy were randomized to blinded active or placebo stimulation . When the 8-week baseline and post-stimulation periods were compared , active patients had a mean seizure frequency reduction of 0.045 + / - 0.13 and sham-stimulated control subjects -0.004 + / - 0.20 . Over 2 weeks , actively treated patients had a mean reduction in weekly seizure frequency of 0.16 + / - 0.18 and sham-stimulated control subjects 0.01 + / - 0.24 . Neither difference was significant . The effect of TMS on seizure frequency was mild and short lived . The aim of the study was to compare the effect duration of two different protocols of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation -LRB- rTMS -RRB- on saccade triggering . In four experiments , two regions -LRB- right frontal eye field -LRB- FEF -RRB- and vertex -RRB- were stimulated using a 1-Hz and a theta burst protocol -LRB- three 30Hz pulses repeated at intervals of 100ms -RRB- . Following stimulation the subjects repeatedly performed an oculomotor task using a modified overlap paradigm , and saccade latencies were measured over a period of 60 min . The results show that both 1-Hz and theta burst stimulation had inhibitory effects on saccade
Hepatitis C virus -LRB- HCV -RRB- infection is probably the most common chronic viral infection and affects an estimated 180 million people worldwide , accounting for 3 % of the global population . Although the liver is considered to be the primary target , extrahepatic manifestations are well recognized among patients with chronic HCV infection . Epidemiological studies have clearly demonstrated a correlation between chronic HCV infection and occurrence of B-cell non-Hodgkin 's lymphomas -LRB- B-NHL -RRB- . The clinical evidence that antiviral therapy has a significant role in the treatment at least of some HCV-associated lymphoproliferative disorders , especially indolent B-NHL , further supports the existence of an etiopathogenetic link . However , the mechanisms exploited by HCV to induce B-cell lymphoproliferation have so far not completely clarified . It is conceivable that different biological mechanisms , namely , chronic antigen stimulation , high-affinity interaction between HCV-E2 protein and its cellular receptors , direct HCV infection of B-cells , and `` hit and run '' transforming events , may be combined themselves and cooperate in a multifactorial model of HCV-associated lymphomagenesis . To reveal the molecular signalling pathways responsible for HCV-associated B-NHL development , we utilised transgenic -LRB- Tg -RRB- mice that express the full-length HCV genome specifically in B cells and develop non-Hodgkin type B-cell lymphomas -LRB- BCLs -RRB- . The gene expression profiles in B cells from BCL-developing HCV-Tg mice , from BCL-non-developing HCV-Tg mice , and from BCL-non-developing HCV-negative mice were analysed by genome-wide microarray . In BCLs from HCV-Tg mice , the expression of various genes was modified , and for some genes , expression was influenced by the gender of the animals . Markedly modified genes such as Fos , C3 , LTβR , A20 , NF-κB and miR-26b in BCLs were further characterised using specific assays . We propose that activation of both canonical and alternative NF-κB signalling pathways and down-regulation of miR-26b contribute to the development of HCV-associated B-NHL . Tumor regression after antiviral therapy -LRB- AT -RRB- is in favor of an etiological role of hepatitis C virus -LRB- HCV -RRB- in non-Hodgkin 's B-cell lymphomas -LRB- NHL -RRB- . For entire cohort , 5-year overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- was 78 % -LSB- 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- : 74 % -82 % -RSB- and 5-year progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- was 48 % -LRB- 95 % CI : 44 % -53 % -RRB- . In multivariate analysis , the use of AT during the patients ' life had positive impact on OS . Forty-four of the 100 patients treated with first-line AT achieved a complete remission -LRB- CR -RRB- and 33 a partial response -LRB- PR -RRB- . HCV-RNA clearance was achieved in 80 patients and was related to lymphoma response . At a median follow-up of 3.6 years , 5-year PFS was 63 % -LRB- 95 % CI : 50 % -73 % -RRB- . CR + PR rate was 85 % with AT as second-line treatment . AT produces HCV-RNA clearance and consequent tumor regression in most patients with HCV-related indolent NHL . AT used at any time is associated with improved OS . Consequently , AT can be considered an option for patients with indolent lymphomas who do not need immediate cytoreductive treatment . High rates of sustained virologic response were observed among patients with hepatitis C virus -LRB- HCV -RRB- infection who received 12 weeks of treatment with the nucleotide polymerase inhibitor sofosbuvir combined with the NS5A inhibitor ledipasvir . This study examined 8 weeks of treatment with this regimen . In this phase 3 , open-label study , we randomly assigned 647 previously untreated patients with HCV genotype 1 infection without cirrhosis to receive ledipasvir and sofosbuvir -LRB- ledipasvir-sofosbuvir -RRB- for 8 weeks , ledipasvir-sofosbuvir plus ribavirin for 8 weeks , or ledipasvir-sofosbuvir for 12 weeks . The primary end point was sustained virologic response at 12 weeks after the end of therapy . The rate of sustained virologic response was 94 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 90 to 97 -RRB- with 8 weeks of ledipasvir-sofosbuvir , 93 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 89 to 96 -RRB- with 8 weeks of ledipasvir-sofosbuvir plus ribavirin , and 95 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 92 to 98 -RRB- with 12 weeks of ledipasvir-sofosbuvir . As compared with the rate of sustained virologic response in the group that received 8 weeks of ledipasvir-sofosbuvir , the rate in the 12-week group was 1 percentage point higher -LRB- 97.5 % CI , -4 to 6 -RRB- and the rate in the group that received 8 weeks of ledipasvir-sofosbuvir with ribavirin was 1 percentage point lower -LRB- 95 % CI , -6 to 4 -RRB- ; these results indicated noninferiority of the 8-week ledipasvir-sofosbuvir regimen , on the basis of a noninferiority margin of 12 percentage points . Adverse events were more common in the group that received ribavirin than in the other two groups . No patient who received 8 weeks of only ledipasvir-sofosbuvir discontinued treatment owing to adverse events . Ledipasvir-sofosbuvir for 8 weeks was associated with a high rate of sustained virologic response among previously untreated patients with HCV genotype 1 infection without cirrhosis . No additional benefit was associated with the inclusion of ribavirin in the regimen or with extension of the duration of treatment to 12 weeks .
Each year , the American Cancer Society estimates the number of new cancer cases and deaths expected in the United States in the current year and compiles the most recent data on cancer incidence , mortality , and survival based on incidence data from the National Cancer Institute and mortality data from the National Center for Health Statistics . Incidence and death rates are age-standardized to the 2000 US standard million population . A total of 1,399,790 new cancer cases and 564,830 deaths from cancer are expected in the United States in 2006 . Delay-adjusted cancer incidence rates stabilized in men from 1995 through 2002 , but continued to increase by 0.3 % per year from 1987 through 2002 in women . Between 2002 and 2003 , the actual number of recorded cancer deaths decreased by 778 in men , but increased by 409 in women , resulting in a net decrease of 369 , the first decrease in the total number of cancer deaths since national mortality record keeping was instituted in 1930 . The death rate from all cancers combined has decreased by 1.5 % per year since 1993 among men and by 0.8 % per year since 1992 among women . The mortality rate has also continued to decrease for the three most common cancer sites in men -LRB- lung and bronchus , colon and rectum , and prostate -RRB- and for breast and colon and rectum cancers in women . Lung cancer mortality among women continues to increase slightly . In analyses by race and ethnicity , African American men and women have 40 % and 18 % higher death rates from all cancers combined than White men and women , respectively . Cancer incidence and death rates are lower in other racial and ethnic groups than in Whites and African Americans for all sites combined and for the four major cancer sites . However , these groups generally have higher rates for stomach , liver , and cervical cancers than Whites . Furthermore , minority populations are more likely to be diagnosed with advanced stage disease than are Whites . Progress in reducing the burden of suffering and death from cancer can be accelerated by applying existing cancer control knowledge across all segments of the population . The purpose of this study was to evaluate the utility of gadolinium-ethoxybenzyl-diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid -LRB- Gd-EOB-DTPA -RRB- - enhanced magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- for the quantitative evaluation of hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- and dysplastic nodules in the hepatobiliary phase . The subjects comprised 12 patients with 27 lesions -LRB- 22 HCCs and 5 dysplastic nodules -RRB- . Chemical-shift-selective fat-suppressed T1-weighted sequences were obtained before and 10 , 20 , and 40 min after the injection of Gd-EOB-DTPA . Quantitative analyses were performed with the enhancement ratio of the lesion and the contrast-to-noise -LRB- C/N -RRB- ratio . The enhancement ratios of the HCCs were 44.0 + / -36.5 , 44.7 + / -46.8 , and 47.7 + / -52.8 -LRB- % -RRB- at 10 , 20 , and 40 min , respectively , after the injection of Gd-EOB-DTPA . The C/N ratios of the HCCs were 0.2 + / -6.6 for the precontrast image , and -9.2 + / -12.6 , -9.9 + / -14.8 , and -12.7 + / -15.7 at 10 , 20 , and 40 min , respectively , after the injection of Gd-EOB-DTPA . The C/N ratios of the dysplastic nodules were 1.4 + / -8.0 , -13.7 + / -11.1 , -13.3 + / -7.6 , and -13.1 + / -10.4 . No significant differences were found between the HCCs and the dysplastic nodules in the enhancement ratio and the C/N ratio . Only two HCCs showed a positive C/N ratio value , and these HCCs were pathologically confirmed to be a well differentiated and a moderately differentiated carcinoma , respectively . HCCs and some of the dysplastic nodules showed hypointensity in the hepatobiliary phase in Gd-EOB-DTPA-enhanced MRI . No specific enhancement was observed , regardless of tumor differentiation . The objective of our study was to prospectively evaluate quantitatively and qualitatively the enhancement patterns of cirrhotic liver tissue and hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- after administration of the hepatocyte-specific contrast agent gadolinium ethoxybenzyl diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid -LRB- Gd-EOB-DTPA -RRB- on dynamic MRI and to determine the time point of maximum liver-to-lesion contrast . Twenty-five patients with HCC in liver cirrhosis underwent 1.5-T MRI . T2-weighted turbo spin-echo and T1-weighted 3D gradient-echo sequences before and between 15 seconds and 20 minutes after the injection of 10 mL of Gd-EOB-DTPA were performed . Signal-to-noise ratios -LRB- SNRs -RRB- of liver parenchyma and liver-to-lesion contrast-to-noise ratios -LRB- CNRs -RRB- were calculated and plotted over time . Enhancement patterns of HCC were characterized qualitatively by two radiologists . The SNR of liver parenchyma increased significantly at 15 seconds and 60 seconds after contrast injection and remained stable thereafter . HCC showed positive CNR during the arterial phase and increasingly negative CNR during the further time course -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . The maximum absolute CNR was found at 20 minutes after contrast injection . There was no correlation between the degree of enhancement at any time point and tumor grade . On qualitative evaluation , 16 HCCs showed arterial enhancement with early washout , and five showed arterial enhancement with late washout . In the remaining four HCCs , enhancement persisted until 20 minutes . Lesion conspicuity at 20 minutes after contrast injection was at least equal to or higher than it was on the remaining sequences in 19 of the 25 patients . After Gd-EOB-DTPA injection , most HCCs showed typical arterial enhancement with early washout . Liver-to-lesion contrast was best at 20 minutes .
Early diagnosis and treatment of hemochromatosis is essential to prevent organ damage . Screening strategies to detect early hemochromatosis include testing for iron overload and/or genetic testing . Voluntary blood donors numbering 5,211 were screened with unbound iron-binding capacity -LRB- UIBC -RRB- , transferrin saturation -LRB- TS -RRB- , and genetic testing for the C282Y mutation of the HFE gene . The study found 16 C282Y homozygotes -LRB- 1 in 327 -RRB- , 69 compound heterozygotes , 371 simple heterozygotes , and 4,755 normals . There were 5 men and 11 women homozygotes with a mean age of 42 , range 28 to 57 . Only 3 homozygotes had an elevated serum ferritin . Family studies found an additional 4 iron-loaded homozygotes . Optimal thresholds were < or = 28 micromol/L for UIBC and > or = 46 % for TS . Receiver operating characteristic -LRB- ROC -RRB- curve analysis showed an area under the curve for UIBC of 0.93 -LRB- 0 . 85-1.0 , 95 % confidence interval -RRB- , and for TS of 0.83 -LRB- 0.7-0.95 -RRB- . In previous analyses of transferrin saturation data in African Americans and Caucasians from the second National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey -LRB- NHANES II -RRB- , subpopulations were found consistent with population genetics for common loci that influence iron metabolism . The goal of this new study was to determine if these transferrin saturation subpopulations have different levels of iron stores . Statistical mixture modeling was applied to transferrin saturation data for African Americans and Caucasians from the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey -LRB- NHANES III -RRB- , and then the mean serum ferritin concentrations were determined for the transferrin saturation subpopulations that were identified . After adjustment for diurnal variation , 3 subpopulations of transferrin saturation were identified in each racial group . Satisfying Hardy-Weinberg conditions for major locus effects , in both racial groups the sum of the square roots of the proportion with the lowest mean transferrin saturation and the proportion with the highest mean transferrin saturation was approximately 1 . When weighted to reflect the US adult population as a whole , these subpopulations of increasing transferrin saturations had progressively increasing mean age-adjusted serum ferritin concentration values in each ethnic grouping as stratified by sex -LRB- trend test , P < .002 for all -RRB- . These results are consistent with the concept that population transferrin saturation subpopulations reflect different levels of storage iron .
We compared the accuracy of PJ -LSB- IL-8 -RSB- and endoscopic ultrasound -LRB- EUS -RRB- to diagnose chronic pancreatitis -LRB- CP -RRB- . 79 patients with symptoms suspicious for CP were enrolled . PJ emptied into the duodenum was collected during an upper endoscopy with IV secretin and -LSB- IL-8 -RSB- was measured . CP was diagnosed by using composite gold standard : ERCP , histology , CT or MRI , and clinical follow-up -LRB- mean 20 months -RRB- . 38 patients had CP , whereas 41 patients had no pancreatic disease . To diagnose CP , PJ -LSB- IL-8 -RSB- was significantly less sensitive compared to EUS -LRB- 47 vs. 71 % -RRB- , but equally accurate -LRB- 71 vs. 80 % -RRB- and specific -LRB- 93 vs. 88 % -RRB- . By combining PJ -LSB- IL-8 -RSB- and EUS , sensitivity and specificity significantly increased to 82 % -LRB- either IL-8 or EUS positive -RRB- and 100 % -LRB- both IL-8 and EUS positive -RRB- . Both PJ -LSB- IL-8 -RSB- and EUS are accurate diagnostic modalities for CP . PJ collection can be performed at the time of EUS . PJ -LSB- IL-8 -RSB- and EUS are complementary with higher sensitivity and specificity when used together .
Performance of high-quality clinical research usually requires procurement of substantial funding to support and sustain the research infrastructure . The authors have developed a program to support a research infrastructure that minimizes financial start-up costs and maximizes productivity of clinical-educator faculty with limited protected time . The program integrates clinical research with undergraduate education . The authors report the experience with the academic associate program at two academic institutions . They describe the program , provide measures of program success , and discuss potential methods for other institutions to initiate similar programs . Similar programs can be developed in a variety of outpatient and inpatient settings allowing the performance of high-quality clinical research in a time-efficient and cost-effective manner . We developed an instrument to assess comprehension of informed consent information among 275 adults entering one of four ambulatory trials . At the conclusion of trial enrollment , subjects rated their understanding of the information presented and completed the Deaconess Informed Consent Comprehension Test -LRB- DICCT -RRB- . Subjects completed the vocabulary subtest of the revised Weschler Adult Intelligence Scale -LRB- WAIS-R -RRB- and the reading subtest of the revised Wide Range Achievement Test -LRB- WRAT-R -RRB- . The DICCT for 50 subjects was scored by 2 blinded investigators . Interrater agreement was 0.84 -LRB- df = 49 , p < 0.001 -RRB- . To investigate the DICCT 's potential validity , its scores were correlated with WAIS-R vocabulary scores -LRB- r = 0.44 , df = 199 , p < 0.01 -RRB- and WRAT-R reading scores -LRB- r = 0.39 , df = 268 , p < 0.01 -RRB- . Understanding of consent information was rated as thorough by 70 % of subjects . The mean + / - SD DICCT score was 20.4 + / - 3.9 . The DICCT is a reliable instrument to assess comprehension of informed consent information . There is preliminary evidence for the scale 's validity . The subjects believed that they had greater understanding of study information than was shown by the DICCT . Central to the tenet of informed consent is the quality of disclosure of information by the investigator and the understanding thereof by the research subject or his or her surrogate . This study was designed to measure parents ' understanding of the elements of informed consent for clinical studies in which their children had been approached to participate . The study sample consisted of 505 parents who had been approached for permission to allow their child to participate in a clinical anesthesia or surgery study . Regardless of whether the parent consented -LRB- consenters , n = 411 -RRB- or declined -LRB- nonconsenters , n = 94 -RRB- to their child 's participation in a study , they were interviewed to determine their understanding of 11 elements of consent . Two independent assessors who were familiar with the study protocols scored the parents ' levels of understanding . Parents perceived their overall understanding of the elements of consent as high -LRB- 8.7 + / - 1.6 ; 0-10 scale -RRB- ; however , this represented a significant overestimation compared with the assessors ' measures of parental understanding -LRB- 7.3 + / - 1.8 ; P < 0.0001 -RRB- . Furthermore , consenters had greater understanding than nonconsenters -LRB- 7.6 + / - 1.6 vs 6.1 + / - 1.9 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . Several predictors of understanding were identified , including whether the parent consented , education level , clarity of disclosure , child in previous study , age of parent , parent listened to disclosure , and degree to which parent read the consent document . The day on which consent was sought had no impact on the level of understanding . Parents approached for permission to allow their child to participate in a research study had less than optimal understanding of the elements of consent . As such , investigators must make every effort to enhance understanding and ensure that parents have sufficient information to make informed decisions regarding their child 's participation in research studies . The authors examined the impact of students ' research involvement during medical school on their postresidency medical activities . The three medical schools involved -- The Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine -LRB- PSU -RRB- , The University of Connecticut School of Medicine -LRB- UCONN -RRB- , and The University of Massachusetts Medical School -LRB- UMASS -RRB- -- have nearly indistinguishable applicant , matriculant , and curriculum profiles . However , at PSU a research project is a curriculum requirement for students who did not do medical research prior to entering medical school . Questionnaires were sent to all graduates from the classes of 1980 , 1981 , and 1982 . A total of 567 graduates completed the questionnaires , an overall response rate of approximately 76 % . Medical school research experience was reported by 83 % -LRB- 183 -RRB- of the PSU graduates , 34 % -LRB- 52 -RRB- of the UCONN graduates , and 28 % -LRB- 54 -RRB- of the UMASS graduates . When compared on a school-by-school basis , the graduates from the three schools did not differ with respect to residency specialty training , fellowship training , academic appointments , career practice choices , or postgraduate research involvement . However , when all the graduates studied were examined as a single group , medical school research experience was found to be strongly associated with postgraduate research involvement . Different methods of presenting information to potential participants of clinical trials may improve the informed consent process . Audio-visual interventions -LRB- presented for example on the Internet , DVD , or video cassette -RRB- are one such method . To assess the effects of providing audio-visual information alone , or in conjunction with standard forms of information provision , to potential clinical trial participants in the informed consent process , in terms of their satisfaction , understanding and recall of information about the
African Americans acutely ill with asthma come to emergency departments more frequently and are admitted to hospital more often than whites but the reasons are unclear . To determine whether such phenomena represent racial differences in attack severity or limited effectiveness of beta -LRB- 2 -RRB- - agonist therapy . We contrasted clinical features , airflow limitation , and albuterol responsiveness in adults acutely ill with asthma , 155 of whom where African American and 140 white , as they presented to eight emergency departments . Assessments were standardized across institutions using a care path , and admission and discharge decisions were made according to predetermined criteria . The degree of obstruction was measured by peak expiratory flow rates . The clinical features of both groups were similar . The African Americans , however , had lower flow rates -LRB- p = 0.002 -RRB- , and more of them experienced severe or potentially life threatening episodes -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . Albuterol was equally efficacious in both populations and there were no differences in the post-treatment flow rates achieved irrespective of the initial attack intensity . There were no racial differences in admission/discharge ratios . Our data indicate that African Americans with asthma tend to present with somewhat more intense attacks than whites , but they respond equally well to routine treatment . Similarly , there were no racial disparities in hospitalizations when standard criteria are employed . Severe asthma remains poorly understood and frustrating to care for , partly because it is a heterogeneous disease . Patients with severe asthma disproportionately consume health care resources related to asthma . Severe asthma may develop over time , or shortly after onset of the disease . Specific phenotypes of severe asthma are only beginning to be defined . However , describing severe asthma by age at onset -LRB- early - vs. late-onset -RRB- appears to describe two phenotypes that differ at immunologic , physiologic , epidemiologic , and pathologic levels . In particular , early-onset severe asthma is a more allergic-associated disease than late-onset severe asthma . In addition , patients with severe asthma can be defined on the basis of presence and type of inflammation . Severe asthma with persistent eosinophilia -LRB- of either early or late onset -RRB- is more symptomatic and has more near-fatal events . However , at least 50 % of patients with severe asthma have very little identifiable inflammation . Thus , `` steroid resistance '' may occur at numerous levels , not all of which are caused by a lack of effect of steroids on inflammation . Treatment remains problematic , with corticosteroids remaining the most effective therapy . However , 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors , anti-IgE , and immunomodulatory drugs are also likely to have a place in treatment . Improving therapy in this disease will require a better understanding of the phenotypes involved .
Patients with T3 , T4 , N1 , N2 , N3 or M1 cisplatin advanced penile cancer were treated with a combination of irinotecan -LRB- 60 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- on days 1 , 8 and 15 and cisplatin -LRB- 80 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- administered every 28 days . Twenty-eight patients were included and evaluated for toxicity , and 26 eligible patients were evaluated for response . Toxicity was acceptable with three cases of grade 3 diarrhoea and two cases of grade 4 neutropenic fever . There were eight responses -LRB- two complete response and six partial response -RRB- -LRB- 30.8 % , 80 % confidence interval 18.8 % to 45.1 % -RRB- : three patients undergoing histological verification after chemotherapy had no evidence of malignancy . The study fails to demonstrate a response rate significantly > 30 % .
First , the authors tested the hypothesis that during propofol anesthesia alone and combined with indomethacin , changes in CBF , cerebral blood volume -LRB- CBV -RRB- , and plasma mean transit time -LRB- MTT -RRB- differ in the peritumoral tissue compared with the contralateral normal brain region . Second , the authors tested the hypothesis that CBF and CBV are reduced and MTT is prolonged , in both regions during propofol anesthesia and indomethacin administration compared with propofol alone . The authors studied eight patients subjected to craniotomy under propofol-fentanyl anesthesia for supratentorial brain tumors . Magnetic resonance imaging , including perfusion - and diffusion-weighted and structural sequences , was performed -LRB- 1 -RRB- on the day before surgery , -LRB- 2 -RRB- before and -LRB- 3 -RRB- after administration of indomethacin in the propofol-fentanyl anesthetized patient , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- 2 days after surgery . Maps of CBF , CBV , and MTT were calculated . Analysis of variance was used to analyze flow data . Neither intervention nor region was significant for MTT , CBF , and CBV -LRB- P > 0.05 -RRB- . The CBF , CBV , and MTT responses to propofol and indomethacin are not different in the peritumoral region compared with contralateral brain tissue . Indomethacin did not further influence regional CBF , CBV , and MTT during propofol anesthesia .
Sleep disorders are a common problem and contribute to a wide range of healthcare issues . The societal and financial costs of sleep disorders are enormous . Sleep-related disorders are often diagnosed with an overnight sleep test called a polysomnogram , or sleep study involving the measurement of brain activity through the electroencephalogram . Other parameters monitored include oxygen saturation , respiratory effort , cardiac activity -LRB- through the electrocardiogram -RRB- , as well as video recording , sound and movement activity . Monitoring can be costly and removes the patients from their normal sleeping environment , preventing repeated unbiased studies . The recent increase in adoption of smartphones , with high quality on-board sensors has led to the proliferation of many sleep screening applications running on the phone . However , with the exception of simple questionnaires , no existing sleep-related application available for smartphones is based on scientific evidence . This article will give an overview about the apps that are available . Moreover , it will present how they work and determine if they can be used in therapy . The apps ' competence to count snoring noises had to be evaluated . This was done with a three-piece test set-up to analyze the apps ' ability to distinguish between snoring sounds and disturbing noises such as cars driving past the window , conversations in the bedroom , or even just the rustling of sheets and blankets . The tested apps monitor and record snoring noises well as long as they are used in a soundproof environment . In a real-life environment with various disturbing noises , the apps show difficulties in telling snoring sounds and other noises apart . The tested apps are not accurate enough to replace the common diagnostic standard in therapy . However , they can be a helpful addition . Especially , singles could use them who do not know if their snoring has improved with an OA and do not have anybody to ask .
To evaluate the feasibility of a phase 3 randomised controlled trial -LRB- RCT -RRB- of a website -LRB- Living Well with Asthma -RRB- to support self-management . Phase 2 , parallel group , RCT , participants recruited from 20 general practices across Glasgow , UK . Randomisation through automated voice response , after baseline data collection , to website access for minimum 12 weeks or usual care . Adults -LRB- age ≥ 16 years -RRB- with physician diagnosed , symptomatic asthma -LRB- Asthma Control Questionnaire -LRB- ACQ -RRB- score ≥ 1 -RRB- . People with unstable asthma or other lung disease were excluded . ` Living Well with Asthma ' is a desktop/laptop compatible interactive website designed with input from asthma / behaviour change specialists , and adults with asthma . It aims to support optimal medication management , promote use of action plans , encourage attendance at asthma reviews and increase physical activity . Primary outcomes were recruitment/retention , website use , ACQ and mini-Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire -LRB- AQLQ -RRB- . Secondary outcomes included patient activation , prescribing , adherence , spirometry , lung inflammation and health service contacts after 12 weeks . Blinding postrandomisation was not possible . Recruitment target met . 51 participants randomised -LRB- 25 intervention group -RRB- . Age range 16-78 years ; 75 % female ; 28 % from most deprived quintile . 45/51 -LRB- 88 % ; 20 intervention group -RRB- followed up . 19 -LRB- 76 % of the intervention group -RRB- used the website , for a mean of 18 min -LRB- range 0-49 -RRB- . 17 went beyond the 2 ` core ' modules . Median number of logins was 1 -LRB- IQR 1-2 , range 0-7 -RRB- . No significant difference in the prespecified primary efficacy measures of ACQ scores -LRB- -0.36 ; 95 % CI -0.96 to 0.23 ; p = 0.225 -RRB- , and mini-AQLQ scores -LRB- 0.38 ; -0.13 to 0.89 ; p = 0.136 -RRB- . No adverse events . Recruitment and retention confirmed feasibility ; trends to improved outcomes suggest use of Living Well with Asthma may improve self-management in adults with asthma and merits further development followed by investigation in a phase 3 trial . ISRCTN78556552 ; Results . Recruiting participants to trials can be extremely difficult . Identifying strategies that improve trial recruitment would benefit both trialists and health research . To quantify the effects of strategies for improving recruitment of participants to randomised trials . A secondary objective is to assess the evidence for the effect of the research setting -LRB- e.g. primary care versus secondary care -RRB- on recruitment . We searched the Cochrane Methodology Review Group Specialised Register -LRB- CMR -RRB- in the Cochrane Library -LRB- July 2012 , searched 11 February 2015 -RRB- ; MEDLINE and MEDLINE In Process -LRB- OVID -RRB- -LRB- 1946 to 10 February 2015 -RRB- ; Embase -LRB- OVID -RRB- -LRB- 1996 to 2015 Week 06 -RRB- ; Science Citation Index & Social Science Citation Index -LRB- ISI -RRB- -LRB- 2009 to 11 February 2015 -RRB- and ERIC -LRB- EBSCO -RRB- -LRB- 2009 to 11 February 2015 -RRB- . Randomised and quasi-randomised trials of methods to increase recruitment to randomised trials . This includes non-healthcare studies and studies recruiting to hypothetical trials . We excluded studies aiming to increase response rates to questionnaires or trial retention and those evaluating incentives and disincentives for clinicians to recruit participants . We extracted data on : the method evaluated ; country in which the study was carried out ; nature of the population ; nature of the study setting ; nature of the study to be recruited into ; randomisation or quasi-randomisation method ; and numbers and proportions in each intervention group . We used a risk difference to estimate the absolute improvement and the 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- to describe the effect in individual trials . We assessed heterogeneity between trial results . We used GRADE to judge the certainty we had in the evidence coming from each comparison . We identified 68 eligible trials -LRB- 24 new to this update -RRB- with more than 74,000 participants . There were 63 studies involving interventions aimed directly at trial participants , while five evaluated interventions aimed at people recruiting participants . All studies were in health care.We found 72 comparisons , but just three are supported by high-certainty evidence according to GRADE .1 . Open trials rather than blinded , placebo trials . The absolute improvement was 10 % -LRB- 95 % CI 7 % to 13 % -RRB- .2 . Telephone reminders to people who do not respond to a postal invitation . The absolute improvement was 6 % -LRB- 95 % CI 3 % to 9 % -RRB- . This result applies to trials that have low underlying recruitment . We are less certain for trials that start out with moderately good recruitment -LRB- i.e. over 10 % -RRB- .3 . Using a particular , bespoke , user-testing approach to develop participant information leaflets . This method involved spending a lot of time working with the target population for recruitment to decide on the content , format and appearance of the participant information leaflet . This made little or no difference to recruitment : absolute improvement was 1 % -LRB- 95 % CI -1 % to 3 % -RRB- . We had moderate-certainty evidence for eight other comparisons ; our confidence was reduced for most of these because the results came from a single study . Three of the methods were changes to trial management , three were changes to how potential participants received information , one was aimed at recruiters , and the last was a test of financial incentives . All of these comparisons would benefit from other researchers replicating the evaluation . There were no evaluations in paediatric trials.We had much less confidence in the other 61 comparisons because the studies had design flaws , were single
To address the therapeutic challenges in childhood relapsed ALL , a phase 1 study combining a survivin mRNA antagonist , EZN-3042 , with reinduction chemotherapy was developed for pediatric patients with second or greater bone marrow relapses of B-lymphoblastic leukemia . EZN-3042 was administered as a single agent on days -5 and -2 and then in combination with a 4-drug reinduction platform on days 8 , 15 , 22 , and 29 . Toxicity and the biological activity of EZN-3042 were assessed . Six patients were enrolled at dose level 1 -LRB- EZN-3042 2.5 mg/kg/dose -RRB- . Downmodulation of survivin mRNA and protein were assessed after single-agent dosing and decreased expression was observed in 2 of 5 patients with sufficient material for analysis .
Lactobacillus plantarum 299v -LRB- Lp299v -RRB- has been found to reduce recurrence of CDAD . We investigated intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- patients with respect to the impact of Lp299v on C. difficile colonisation and on gut permeability and parameters of inflammation and infection in that context . Twenty-two ICU patients were given a fermented oatmeal gruel containing Lp299v , and 22 received an equivalent product without the bacteria . Faecal samples for analyses of C. difficile and Lp299v were taken at inclusion and then twice a week during the ICU stay . Other cultures were performed on clinical indication . Infection and inflammation parameters were analysed daily . Colonisation with C. difficile was detected in 19 % -LRB- 4/21 -RRB- of controls but in none of the Lp299v-treated patients -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . Enteral administration of the probiotic bacterium Lp299v to critically ill patients treated with antibiotics reduced colonisation with C. difficile .
To compare acute and late gastrointestinal -LRB- GI -RRB- and genitourinary -LRB- GU -RRB- side effects in prostate cancer patients randomized to receive 68 Gy or 78 Gy . Between June 1997 and February 2003 , 669 prostate cancer patients were randomized between radiotherapy with a dose of 68 Gy and 78 Gy , in 2 Gy per fraction and using three-dimensional conformal radiotherapy . All T stages with prostate-specific antigen -LRB- PSA -RRB- < 60 ng/mL were included , except any T1a and well-differentiated T1b-c tumors with PSA < or = 4 ng/mL . Stratification was done for four dose-volume groups -LRB- according to the risk of seminal vesicles -LSB- SV -RSB- involvement -RRB- , age , hormonal treatment -LRB- HT -RRB- , and hospital . The clinical target volume -LRB- CTV -RRB- consisted of the prostate with or without the SV , depending on the estimated risk of SV invasion . The CTV-planning target volume -LRB- PTV -RRB- margin was 1 cm for the first 68 Gy and was reduced to 0.5 cm -LRB- 0 cm toward the rectum -RRB- for the last 10 Gy in the 78 Gy arm . Four Dutch hospitals participated in this Phase III trial . Evaluation of acute and late toxicity was based on 658 and 643 patients , respectively . For acute toxicity -LRB- < 120 days -RRB- , the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group -LRB- RTOG -RRB- scoring system was used and the maximum score was reported . Late toxicity -LRB- > 120 days -RRB- was scored according to the slightly adapted RTOG/European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer -LRB- EORTC -RRB- criteria . The median follow-up time was 31 months . For acute toxicity no significant differences were seen between the two randomization arms . GI toxicity Grade 2 and 3 was reported as the maximum acute toxicity in 44 % and 5 % of the patients , respectively . For acute GU toxicity , these figures were 41 % and 13 % . The 3-year risks of late RTOG/EORTC GU toxicity grade > or = 2 were 28.5 % and 30.2 % for 68 Gy and 78 Gy , respectively -LRB- p = 0.3 -RRB- . Factors related to acute GI toxicity were HT -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- , a higher dose-volume group -LRB- p = 0.01 -RRB- , and pretreatment GI symptoms -LRB- p = 0.04 -RRB- . For acute GU toxicity , prognostic factors were : pretreatment GU symptoms -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- , HT -LRB- p = 0.003 -RRB- , and prior transurethral resection of the prostate -LRB- TURP -RRB- -LRB- p = 0.02 -RRB- . A history of abdominal surgery -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- and pretreatment GI symptoms -LRB- p = 0.001 -RRB- were associated with a higher incidence of late GI grade > or = 2 toxicity , whereas HT -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- , pretreatment GU symptoms -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- , and prior TURP -LRB- p = 0.006 -RRB- were prognostic factors for late GU grade > or = 2 . Raising the dose to the prostate from 68 Gy to 78 Gy resulted in higher incidences of acute and late GI and GU toxicity , but these differences were not significant , except for late rectal bleeding requiring treatment and late nocturia . Other factors than the studied dose levels appeared to be important in predicting toxicity after radiotherapy , especially previous surgical interventions -LRB- abdominal surgery or TURP -RRB- , hormonal therapy , and the presence of pretreatment symptoms . To identify dosimetric variables predictive of acute gastrointestinal -LRB- GI -RRB- and genitourinary -LRB- GU -RRB- toxicity and to determine whether hormonal therapy -LRB- HT -RRB- is independently associated with acute GI and GU toxicity in prostate cancer patients treated with conformal radiotherapy -LRB- RT -RRB- . This analysis was performed on 336 patients participating in a multicenter -LRB- four hospitals -RRB- randomized trial comparing 68 Gy and 78 Gy . The clinical target volume consisted of the prostate with or without the seminal vesicles , depending on the risk of seminal vesicle involvement . The margin from the clinical target volume to the planning target volume was 1 cm . For these patients , the treatment plan for a total dose of 68 Gy was used , because nearly all toxicity appeared before the onset of the 10-Gy boost . Acute toxicity -LRB- < 120 days -RRB- was scored according to the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group criteria . The dosimetric parameters were obtained from the relative and absolute dose-volume/surface histograms derived from the rectal wall -LRB- rectal wall volume receiving > or = 5-65 Gy -RRB- and the bladder surface -LRB- bladder surface receiving > or = 5-65 Gy -RRB- . Additionally , relative and absolute dose-length histograms of the rectum were created , and the lengths of rectum receiving more than a certain dose over the whole circumference -LRB- rectal length receiving > or = 5-65 Gy -RRB- were computed . The clinical variables taken into account for GI toxicity were neoadjuvant HT , hospital , and dose-volume group ; for GU toxicity , the variables pretreatment GU symptoms , neoadjuvant HT , and transurethral resection of the prostate were analyzed . The variable neoadjuvant HT was divided into three categories : no HT , short-term neoadjuvant HT -LRB- started < or = 3 months before RT -RRB- , and long-term neoadjuvant HT -LRB- started > 3 months before RT -RRB- . Acute GI toxicity Grade 2 or worse was seen in 46 % of the patients . Patients with long-term neoadjuvant HT experienced less Grade 2 or worse toxicity -LRB- 27 % -RRB- compared with those receiving short-term neoadjuvant HT -LRB- 50 % -RRB- and no HT -LRB- 50 % -RRB- . The volumes of the prostate and seminal vesicles were significantly smaller in both groups receiving neoadjuvant HT compared with those receiving no HT . In multivariate logistic regression analysis
We conducted a randomized trial involving 55 patients with 70 % to 79 % carotid stenosis at three Russian centers . Between 2009 and 2013 , 31 patients were randomized to undergo CEA with MMT -LRB- CEA group -RRB- and 24 to receive MMT alone . The primary end point was nonfatal ipsilateral stroke or death from any cause during a follow-up period of 5.0 years . The secondary end point was any nonfatal stroke , carotid revascularization , or death from any cause during follow-up . The trial was stopped after a median follow-up of 3.3 years -LRB- maximum , 5.0 years -RRB- . There were two primary events in the CEA group and nine events in the MMT group . The 3.3-year cumulative primary event rates were 6.5 % in the CEA group and 37.5 % in the MMT group -LRB- hazard ratio for the MMT group , 5.06 ; 95 % confidence interval , 1.53-16.79 ; P = .008 -RRB- . The 3.3-year cumulative secondary end point was 12.9 % in the CEA group and 50.0 % in the MMT group -LRB- hazard ratio for the MMT group , 4.23 ; 95 % confidence interval , 1.55-11.53 ; P = .0048 -RRB- . The role of modern medical therapy -LRB- statins , antihypertensive treatment , and aspirin -RRB- in the treatment of such patients is undefined . Establishing the safety , efficacy , and durability of optimal medical therapy and lifestyle modification requires rigorous comparison with carotid endarterectomy in asymptomatic patients . The objective is to compare the efficacy of carotid endarterectomy + optimal medical therapy versus optimal medical therapy alone in patients with asymptomatic -LRB- 70-79 % -RRB- extracranial carotid stenosis . The Aggressive Medical Treatment Evaluation for Asymptomatic Carotid Artery Stenosis study is a prospective , randomized , parallel , two-arm , multicenter trial . Primary end-points will be analyzed using standard time-to-event statistical modeling with adjustment for major baseline covariates . The primary analysis is on an intent-to-treat basis . The primary outcome is nonfatal stroke , nonfatal myocardial infarction , and death during follow-up of up to five-years , and the secondary outcome includes death from any cause and stroke .
APR-246 -LRB- PRIMA-1MET -RRB- is a novel drug that restores transcriptional activity of unfolded wild-type or mutant p53 . The main aims of this first-in-human trial were to determine maximum-tolerated dose -LRB- MTD -RRB- , safety , dose-limiting toxicities -LRB- DLTs -RRB- , and pharmacokinetics -LRB- PK -RRB- of APR-246 . APR-246 was administered as a 2-hour intravenous infusion once per day for 4 consecutive days in 22 patients with hematologic malignancies and prostate cancer . Acute myeloid leukemia -LRB- AML ; n = 7 -RRB- and prostate cancer -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- were the most frequent diagnoses . Starting dose was 2 mg/kg with dose escalations up to 90 mg/kg . MTD was defined as 60 mg/kg . The drug was well tolerated , and the most common adverse effects were fatigue , dizziness , headache , and confusion . DLTs were increased ALT/AST -LRB- n = 1 -RRB- , dizziness , confusion , and sensory disturbances -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- . Global gene expression analysis revealed changes in genes regulating proliferation and cell death . One patient with AML who had a p53 core domain mutation showed a reduction of blast percentage from 46 % to 26 % in the bone marrow , and one patient with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma with a p53 splice site mutation showed a minor response .
With an increasing choice of new treatment options , the management of side effects to maintain a chosen treatment if likely to be effective on the tumor remains important . The perception of side effects however varies between the physician and the patient , leading to possible wrong assumptions on tolerability that result in dose modifications , which may ultimately affect effectiveness . The aim was to assess fatigue in patients with advanced or metastatic renal cell carcinoma -LRB- RCC -RRB- by comparing the evaluation of the physician to the one provided by their respective patient . In addition , we aimed to assess possible influences of fatigue on parameters of quality of life . Patients receiving systemic treatment for advanced RCC and their physicians were questioned independently regarding incidence and severity of fatigue and its effect on quality of life . Both physicians and patients completed 98 matching questionnaires . Patients were treated with sunitinib , sorafenib , bevacizumab combined with interferon alpha , temsirolimus , everolimus , or interferon alpha alone . Incidence and severity of fatigue was differently assessed by patients and physicians , with fatigue being more severe when reported by the patient . The severity of fatigue increased with progressing treatment lines . Quality of life was significantly lower in patients experiencing fatigue compared with patients without fatigue . Emotional , functional , and physical well-being were all affected by fatigue , the latter being the most affected subscale . Social well-being was least affected . Fatigue is a complex and cumulative condition of patients treated for advanced RCC , and it considerably affects patient 's quality of life . As many of its underlying causes may be treated , the divergent perception of occurrence and severity of fatigue should be integrated in treatment concepts . The active role of the patient in helping to manage ailments through assessment should be implemented when optimizing treatment of RCC . Because `` real-life '' patients often do not meet the strict eligibility criteria of clinical trials , we assessed the trial eligibility of patients with advanced or metastatic renal cell carcinoma -LRB- mRCC -RRB- in routine practice and compared the survival of `` trial-ineligible '' and potentially `` trial-eligible '' patients . The present prospective , multicenter German cohort study is recruiting patients from 110 oncology/urology outpatient centers and hospitals at initiation of systemic first-line treatment . The demographic , clinical , treatment , and survival data were collected . We defined patients as `` trial-ineligible '' when ≥ 1 exclusion criterion -LRB- Karnofsky performance status < 80 % , hemoglobin less than the lower limit of normal , non-clear cell carcinoma histology -RRB- was documented . Otherwise , the patients were considered `` trial-eligible '' . Of 732 patients included , 57 % were classified as `` trial-ineligible '' . Overall , the median first-line progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- was 7.9 months -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 6.9-8.9 months -RRB- . The median first-line PFS of `` trial-eligible '' and `` trial-ineligible '' patients was 11.0 months -LRB- 95 % CI , 9.6-13.1 months -RRB- and 5.3 months -LRB- 95 % CI , 4.6-6.5 months -RRB- , respectively . Our data suggest that patients in routine practice differ from patients treated in clinical trials and that almost 60 % of mRCC patients in German routine practice would be ineligible for participation in clinical trials . While their first-line PFS and OS were shorter than those of `` trial-eligible '' patients , the PFS and OS of `` trial-eligible '' patients were comparable with the results from clinical trials . Physicians should be aware of these differences when discussing treatment options and outcome expectations with patients . Because the treatment landscape for metastatic renal cell carcinoma -LRB- mRCC -RRB- has evolved dramatically over the past decade , data on patients ' treatment and outcomes in routine practice , so called `` real-world data , '' are important to complement clinical trial data . We present choice of systemic first - / second-line treatments , number and sequences of treatment lines , and survival of patients with clear cell mRCC . A total of 1085 patients with clear cell mRCC who were recruited at the start of first-line treatment into the prospective German clinical cohort study -LRB- RCC-Registry -RRB- by 122 sites between December 2007 and May 2017 were analyzed . The choice of first - / second-line treatment and changes over time reflect the chronologic approval of different targeted agents : from mainly tyrosine kinase inhibitors -LRB- TKIs -RRB- , to TKIs/mechanistic target of rapamycin inhibitors , to now TKIs/mechanistic target of rapamycin inhibitors/checkpoint inhibitor . The median first-line overall survival ranged from 7.2 months -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 4.8-10.9 months -RRB- in high MSKCC -LRB- Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center -RRB- risk to 36.7 months -LRB- 95 % CI , 27.9-43.0 months -RRB- in low-risk patients . For trial-ineligible routine patients meeting common exclusion criteria of clinical trials , the median overall survival was 14.6 months -LRB- 95 % CI , 11.5-18.0 months -RRB- compared with 26.2 months -LRB- 95 % CI , 22.1-31.5 months -RRB- for potentially trial-eligible patients . This is the first prospective long-term cohort study showing changes in treatment reality and survival of routine patients with clear cell mRCC . Newly approved treatments are quickly applied in routine care . Patients with unfavorable prognosis , including trial-ineligible patients , have inferior outcomes . Survival times of potentially trial-eligible patients are similar to those reported from clinical trials . A high body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- is associated with an increased risk for developing renal cell carcinoma -LRB- RCC -RRB- , a higher complication rate after surgery , and a postoperative decline in renal function after nephrectomy . In contrast , a high preoperative BMI has been associated with increased survival in patients with localized RCC . We examined the prognostic impact
Mitral valve surgery is the standard of care for patients with symptomatic mitral regurgitation -LRB- MR -RRB- or asymptomatic MR with evidence of left ventricular dysfunction or dilation . Whether an endovascular approach to repair can offer comparable effectiveness with improved safety remains to be determined in randomized trials . The EVEREST II Trial is a multicenter , randomized controlled trial to evaluate the benefits and risks of endovascular mitral valve repair using the MitraClip device compared with open mitral valve surgery -LRB- control -RRB- in patients with moderate or severe MR. Using a 2:1 randomization ratio , the trial is enrolling up to 186 MitraClip-treated subjects and 93 control subjects . Trial end points include a primary efficacy end point : the proportion of patients free from death , surgery for valve dysfunction , and with moderate-severe -LRB- 3 + -RRB- or severe -LRB- 4 + -RRB- MR at 12 months ; the primary safety end point includes the proportion of patients with death , myocardial infarction , reoperation , nonelective cardiovascular surgery , stroke , renal failure , deep would infection , ventilation > 48 hours , gastrointestinal complication , new permanent atrial fibrillation , septicemia , or transfusion of > or = 2 U at 30 days or hospital discharge , whichever is longer . This randomized controlled trial is designed to evaluate the performance of endovascular mitral repair in comparison to open mitral valve surgery in patients with significant MR. The EVEREST II -LRB- Endovascular Valve Edge-to-Edge Repair -RRB- High Risk Study -LRB- HRS -RRB- assessed the safety and effectiveness of the MitraClip device -LRB- Abbott Vascular , Santa Clara , California -RRB- in patients with significant mitral regurgitation -LRB- MR -RRB- at high risk of surgical mortality rate . Patients with severe MR -LRB- 3 to 4 + -RRB- at high risk of surgery may benefit from percutaneous mitral leaflet repair , a potentially safer approach to reduce MR. Patients with severe symptomatic MR and an estimated surgical mortality rate of ≥ 12 % were enrolled . A comparator group of patients screened concurrently but not enrolled were identified retrospectively and consented to compare survival in patients treated by standard care . Seventy-eight patients underwent the MitraClip procedure . Their mean age was 77 years , > 50 % had previous cardiac surgery , and 46 had functional MR and 32 degenerative MR. MitraClip devices were successfully placed in 96 % of patients . Protocol-predicted surgical mortality rate in the HRS and concurrent comparator group was 18.2 % and 17.4 % , respectively , and Society of Thoracic Surgeons calculator estimated mortality rate was 14.2 % and 14.9 % , respectively . The 30-day procedure-related mortality rate was 7.7 % in the HRS and 8.3 % in the comparator group -LRB- p = NS -RRB- . The 12-month survival rate was 76 % in the HRS and 55 % in the concurrent comparator group -LRB- p = 0.047 -RRB- . In surviving patients with matched baseline and 12-month data , 78 % had an MR grade of ≤ 2 + . Left ventricular end-diastolic volume improved from 172 ml to 140 ml and end-systolic volume improved from 82 ml to 73 ml -LRB- both p = 0.001 -RRB- . New York Heart Association functional class improved from III/IV at baseline in 89 % to class I/II in 74 % -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- . Quality of life was improved -LRB- Short Form-36 physical component score increased from 32.1 to 36.1 -LSB- p = 0.014 -RSB- and the mental component score from 45.5 to 48.7 -LSB- p = 0.065 -RSB- -RRB- at 12 months . The annual rate of hospitalization for congestive heart failure in surviving patients with matched data decreased from 0.59 to 0.32 -LRB- p = 0.034 -RRB- . The MitraClip device reduced MR in a majority of patients deemed at high risk of surgery , resulting in improvement in clinical symptoms and significant left ventricular reverse remodeling over 12 months . -LRB- Pivotal Study of a Percutaneous Mitral Valve Repair System -LSB- EVEREST II -RSB- ; NCT00209274 -RRB- . This study sought to evaluate the feasibility and early outcomes of a percutaneous edge-to-edge repair approach for mitral valve regurgitation with the MitraClip system -LRB- Evalve , Inc. , Menlo Park , CA , USA -RRB- . METHODS AND RESULTS PATIENTS : were selected for the procedure based on the consensus of a multidisciplinary team . The primary efficacy endpoint was acute device success defined as clip placement with reduction of mitral regurgitation to < or = 2 + . The primary acute safety endpoint was 30-day freedom from major adverse events , defined as the composite of death , myocardial infarction , non-elective cardiac surgery for adverse events , renal failure , transfusion of > 2 units of blood , ventilation for > 48 h , deep wound infection , septicaemia , and new onset of atrial fibrillation . Thirty-one patients -LRB- median age 71 , male 81 % -RRB- were treated between August 2008 and July 2009 . Eighteen patients -LRB- 58 % -RRB- presented with functional disease and 13 patients -LRB- 42 % -RRB- presented with organic degenerative disease . A clip was successfully implanted in 19 patients -LRB- 61 % -RRB- and two clips in 12 patients -LRB- 39 % -RRB- . The median device implantation time was 80 min . At 30 days , there was an intra-procedural cardiac tamponade and a non-cardiac death , resulting in a primary safety endpoint of 93.6 % -LSB- 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- 77.2-98.9 -RSB- . Acute device success was observed in 96.8 % of patients -LRB- 95 % CI 81.5-99.8 -RRB- . Compared with baseline , left ventricular diameters , diastolic left ventricular volume , diastolic annular septal-lateral dimension , and mitral valve area significantly diminished at 30 days . Our initial results with the MitraClip device in a very small number of patients indicate that percutaneous edge-to-edge
We analyzed 68 Huntington disease patients -LRB- mean disease duration , 55.8 + / - 34.7 months -RRB- who had been treated with TBZ for a mean period of 34.4 + / - 25.2 months -LRB- median , 34 months ; mode , 48 months ; range , 3-104 months -RRB- . We measured the variation from pretreatment of the motor score of Unified Huntington 's Disease Rating Scale at the first follow-up visit and at the latest . Mean Unified Huntington 's Disease Rating Scale-chorea underscore at the time of the pretreatment visit was 10.4 + / - 4.1 -LRB- range , 0-28 -RRB- . At the first follow-up , 9.7 + / - 7.8 months after the prescription of TBZ -LRB- mean dose , 35.3 + / - 14.7 mg -RRB- , mean score of chorea was 8.2 + / - 4.1 -LRB- -21 % compared with baseline -RRB- , whereas at the latest follow-up visit -LRB- mean dose , 57.5 + / - 14.7 mg -RRB- , it was 9.5 + / - 5.0 -LRB- 9 % -RRB- . During the follow-up , the clinical benefit persisted , but the magnitude was reduced despite a progressive increase of the doses -LRB- up to 60 % -RRB- . Motor improvement was not influenced by sex , or doses or duration of therapy ; age at onset was the only predictor of a good outcome . Five patients -LRB- 7 % -RRB- did not gain any improvement , and TBZ was discontinued . There were 2 withdrawals because of side effects ; 34 patients reported at least 1 side effect . Tetrabenazine was well tolerated and produced long-term improvement of motor symptoms in Huntington disease patients , although a slight reduction of benefit occurred during the course of treatment . The aim of the trial was assessment of procedure safety of deep brain stimulation , equality of internal - and external-pallidal stimulation and efficacy followed-up for 6 months in a prospective pilot trial . Primary endpoints were changes in the Unified Huntington 's Disease Rating Scale motor-score , chorea subscore , and total motor-score 4 -LRB- blinded-video ratings -RRB- , comparing internal - versus external-pallidal stimulation , and 6 months versus baseline . Secondary endpoints assessed scores on dystonia , hypokinesia , cognition , mood , functionality/disability , and quality-of-life . Intention-to-treat analysis of all patients -LRB- n = 3 in each treatment sequence -RRB- : Both targets were equal in terms of efficacy . Chorea subscores decreased significantly over 6 months -LRB- -5.3 -LRB- 60.2 % -RRB- , p = 0.037 -RRB- . Effects on dystonia were not significant over the group due to it consisting of three responders -LRB- > 50 % improvement -RRB- and three non-responders . Westphal patients did not improve . Cognition was stable . Mood and some functionality/disability and quality-of-life scores improved significantly . Eight adverse events and two additional serious adverse events - mostly internal-pallidal stimulation-related - resolved without sequalae . No procedure-related complications occurred . Pallidal deep brain stimulation was demonstrated to be a safe treatment option for the reduction of chorea in Huntington 's disease . Their effects on chorea and dystonia and on quality-of-life should be examined in larger controlled trials .
Anidulafungin is a novel semisynthetic echinocandin with potent activity against Candida -LRB- including azole-resistant isolates -RRB- and Aspergillus spp. and is used for serious systemic fungal infections . The purpose of these studies was to characterize the clearance mechanism and potential for drug interactions of anidulafungin . Experiments included in vitro degradation of anidulafungin in buffer and human plasma , a bioassay for antifungal activity , in vitro human cytochrome P450 inhibition studies , in vitro incubation with rat and human hepatocytes , and mass balance studies in rats and humans . Clearance of anidulafungin appeared to be primarily due to slow chemical degradation , with no evidence of hepatic-mediated metabolism -LRB- phase 1 or 2 -RRB- . Under physiological conditions , further degradation of the primary degradant appears to take place . Mass balance studies showed that anidulafungin was eliminated in the feces predominantly as degradation products , with only a small fraction -LRB- 10 % -RRB- eliminated as unchanged drug ; fecal elimination likely occurred via biliary excretion . Only negligible renal involvement in the drug 's elimination was observed . In conclusion , the primary biotransformation of anidulafungin is mediated by slow chemical degradation , with no evidence for hepatic enzymatic metabolism or renal elimination . Anidulafungin , a new echinocandin , has potent activity against candida species . We compared anidulafungin with fluconazole in a randomized , double-blind , noninferiority trial of treatment for invasive candidiasis . Adults with invasive candidiasis were randomly assigned to receive either intravenous anidulafungin or intravenous fluconazole . All patients could receive oral fluconazole after 10 days of intravenous therapy . The primary efficacy analysis assessed the global response -LRB- clinical and microbiologic -RRB- at the end of intravenous therapy in patients who had a positive baseline culture . Efficacy was also assessed at other time points . Eighty-nine percent of the 245 patients in the primary analysis had candidemia only . Candida albicans was isolated in 62 % of the 245 patients . In vitro fluconazole resistance was infrequent . Most of the patients -LRB- 97 % -RRB- did not have neutropenia . At the end of intravenous therapy , treatment was successful in 75.6 % of patients treated with anidulafungin , as compared with 60.2 % of those treated with fluconazole -LRB- difference , 15.4 percentage points ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 3.9 to 27.0 -RRB- . The results were similar for other efficacy end points . The statistical analyses failed to show a `` center effect '' ; when data from the site enrolling the largest number of patients were removed , success rates at the end of intravenous therapy were 73.2 % in the anidulafungin group and 61.1 % in the fluconazole group -LRB- difference , 12.1 percentage points ; 95 % CI , -1.1 to 25.3 -RRB- . The frequency and types of adverse events were similar in the two groups . The rate of death from all causes was 31 % in the fluconazole group and 23 % in the anidulafungin group -LRB- P = 0.13 -RRB- . Anidulafungin was shown to be noninferior to fluconazole in the treatment of invasive candidiasis . -LRB- ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00056368 -LSB- ClinicalTrials.gov -RSB- -RRB- . Invasive fungal diseases are important causes of morbidity and mortality . Clarity and uniformity in defining these infections are important factors in improving the quality of clinical studies . A standard set of definitions strengthens the consistency and reproducibility of such studies . After the introduction of the original European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer/Invasive Fungal Infections Cooperative Group and the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Mycoses Study Group -LRB- EORTC/MSG -RRB- Consensus Group definitions , advances in diagnostic technology and the recognition of areas in need of improvement led to a revision of this document . The revision process started with a meeting of participants in 2003 , to decide on the process and to draft the proposal . This was followed by several rounds of consultation until a final draft was approved in 2005 . This was made available for 6 months to allow public comment , and then the manuscript was prepared and approved . The revised definitions retain the original classifications of `` proven , '' `` probable , '' and `` possible '' invasive fungal disease , but the definition of `` probable '' has been expanded , whereas the scope of the category `` possible '' has been diminished . The category of proven invasive fungal disease can apply to any patient , regardless of whether the patient is immunocompromised , whereas the probable and possible categories are proposed for immunocompromised patients only . These revised definitions of invasive fungal disease are intended to advance clinical and epidemiological research and may serve as a useful model for defining other infections in high-risk patients .
Intra-abdominal hypertension is common in critically ill patients and is associated with increased severity of organ failure and mortality . The techniques most commonly used to estimate intra-abdominal pressure are measurements of bladder and gastric pressures . The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of different volumes and temperatures of infused saline on bladder pressure measurements in comparison with gastric pressure . Thirteen mechanically ventilated critically ill patients -LRB- 11 male ; body mass index 25.5 + / - 4.6 kg/m2 ; arterial oxygen tension/fractional inspired oxygen ratio 225 + / - 48 mmHg -RRB- were enrolled . Bladder pressure was measured using volumes of saline from 50 to 200 ml at body temperature -LRB- 35 to 37 degrees C -RRB- and room temperature -LRB- 18 to 20 degrees C -RRB- . Infusion of saline at room temperature caused a significantly greater bladder pressure compared with saline at body temperature . The lowest difference between bladder and gastric pressure was obtained with a volume of 50 ml . The bladder acts as a passive structure , transmitting intra-abdominal pressure only with saline volumes between 50 ml and 100 ml . Infusion of a saline at room temperature caused a higher bladder pressure , probably because of contraction of the detrusor bladder muscle .
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the cost of the menstrual cycle for young Swedish women aged 14-20 years . The young women were randomly selected and interviewed by a trained female psychologist ; a total of 68 young women completed the interviews . Twenty of the girls used oral contraceptives , while 48 had natural periods . The oral contraceptive users had a lighter menstrual flow and shorter periods -LRB- 1 day less -RRB- than the girls with natural menstruation . The oral contraceptive users experienced less menstrual pain , used fewer painkillers and did not stay at home during their periods as often as the girls with natural periods . The cost of sanitary protection products was about US$ 1 per month less for the oral contraceptive users . Girls taking oral contraceptives also avoided stained underwear and soiled bedlinen significantly more often than the non-oral contraceptive users . The study design did not allow for cost estimates on soiled underwear , bedlinen or lost work - or schooldays . The results of the study indicate that expenditures related to the menstrual cycle are considerable for young Swedish women . To evaluate whether , and under what circumstances , trimonthly-cycle oral contraceptive pill -LRB- OCP -RRB- therapy is cost saving over standard-cycle OCP therapy for reducing the severity of menstrual-related symptoms . We created three economic models , with each model representing a unique cost perspective -LRB- societal , private third party , and patient -RRB- , to estimate the incremental annual costs associated with women taking trimonthly-cycle rather than standard-cycle OCP . Direct costs considered were costs for OCP prescriptions , female hygiene products , generic over-the-counter pain relievers and iron tablets , home pregnancy tests , and physician visits for menstrual-related concerns . We derived base-case and sensitivity range estimates from prior literature , public use data , expert opinion , and cross-sectional survey data that we collected from 59 adult women taking standard-cycle OCP visiting a large , community-based gynecology office . All costs were adjusted to 2002 US dollars . Under base-case assumptions that both regimens were equivalently priced -LRB- 1.16 US dollars/pill -RRB- and trimonthly OCP reduces hygiene product use by 50 % , annual societal costs per person were 460 US dollars for trimonthly OCP and 501 US dollars for standard OCP -LRB- incremental cost savings = 41 US dollars -RRB- . Assuming no difference in monthly drug copayment costs between the two regimens -LRB- 5.00 US dollars -RRB- , annual private third-party costs were nearly identical at 365 US dollars per regimen . Annual patient costs were 95 US dollars for trimonthly OCP and 136 US dollars for standard OCP . Trimonthly OCP remained cost saving to society as long its price remained below a 9 % premium to standard OCP prices . Compared with standard-cycle OCP , trimonthly-cycle OCP appears to be associated with significant societal and patient cost savings . This study sought to describe prevalence rates of chronic gynecological conditions and correlates of these conditions in a representative sample of US women . National Health Interview Survey data from 1984 through 1992 for women aged 18 to 50 were used . The estimated annual prevalence rate for the reported presence of one or more gynecological conditions was 97.1 per 1,000 women . Menstrual disorders were most common , with an annual prevalence rate of 53.0 per 1,000 women . Adnexal conditions and fibroids were the next most common conditions , with rates per 1,000 women of 16.6 and 9.2 , respectively . Prolapse , endometriosis , and fibroids were the conditions most likely to lead to hysterectomy within the year prior to the interview . More than three quarters -LRB- 77.1 % -RRB- of women with gynecological conditions had talked with a doctor in the previous year concerning their condition , and 28.8 % reported spending 1 or more days in bed in the previous year because of their condition . Nearly a tenth of American women aged 18 to 50 report having one or more chronic gynecological conditions annually , the most common being disorders of menstruation .
The purpose of this study was to compare changes in corneal staining in patients with dry eye after 6 weeks of treatment with Systane ® Gel Drops or Refresh Liquigel ® lubricant eye drops . Patients aged ≥ 18 years with a sodium fluorescein corneal staining sum score of ≥ 3 in either eye and best-corrected visual acuity of 0.6 logarithm of the minimum angle of resolution or better in each eye who were using a lubricant eye gel or ointment for dry eye were included in this randomized , parallel-group , multicenter , double-blind trial . Patients were randomized to four times daily Systane ® Gel Drops -LRB- polyethylene glycol 400 0.4 % and propylene glycol 0.3 % -RRB- or Refresh LiquiGel ® Drops -LRB- carboxymethylcellulose sodium 1 % -RRB- for 6 weeks . The primary efficacy outcome was mean change from baseline to week 6 in sodium fluorescein corneal staining . Supportive efficacy outcomes included conjunctival staining , tear film break-up time , Patient Global Assessment of Improvement , Impact of Dry Eye on Everyday Life -LRB- IDEEL -RRB- Treatment Satisfaction/Treatment Bother Questionnaire , Single Symptom Comfort Scale , and Ocular Symptoms Questionnaire . The safety analysis comprised recording of adverse events . In total , 147 patients -LRB- Systane group , n = 73 ; Refresh group , n = 74 ; mean ± standard deviation age , 57 ± 16 years -RRB- were enrolled and included in the safety and efficacy analyses . Corneal staining was significantly reduced from baseline to week 6 for Systane and Refresh -LRB- -3.4 ± 2.5 and -2.5 ± 2.6 units , respectively ; P < 0.0001 , t-test -RRB- , with a significantly greater improvement with Systane versus Refresh -LRB- P = 0.0294 -RRB- . Systane Gel Drops were associated with significantly better corneal staining scores versus Refresh Liquigel eye drops in patients with dry eye . Supportive efficacy outcomes were not significantly different between groups . Both treatments were well tolerated .
This overview addresses the clinical problem of joint pain , the nociceptive system of the joint , the mechanisms of peripheral and central sensitization during joint inflammation and long term changes during chronic joint inflammation . While the nature of inflammatory pain is obvious the nature and site of origin of osteoarthritic pain is less clear . However , in both pathological conditions mechanical hyperalgesia is the major pain problem , and indeed , both joint nociceptors and spinal nociceptive neurons with joint input show pronounced sensitization for mechanical stimulation . The overview will also address long-term changes of pain-related behavior , response properties of neurons and receptor expression in chronic animal models of arthritis . Inflammation is a local immune response to ` foreign ' molecules , infection and injury . Leukotriene B4 , a potent chemotactic agent that initiates , coordinates , sustains and amplifies the inflammatory response , is shown to be an activating ligand for the transcription factor PPARalpha . Because PPARalpha regulates the oxidative degradation of fatty acids and their derivatives , like this lipid mediator , a feedback mechanism is proposed that controls the duration of an inflammatory response and the clearance of leukotriene B4 in the liver . Thus PPARalpha offers a new route to the development of anti- or pro-inflammatory reagents . Acetazolamide has been proposed as a treatment adjunct for patients with cystine and uric acid stone formation recalcitrant to standard alkalization therapy . We evaluated the effect of acetazolamide in urinary alkalization in patients with uric acid and cystine stone formation recalcitrant to potassium citrate alone . An institutional review board-approved , retrospective chart review identified 12 patients at 2 sites who had been prescribed acetazolamide as a treatment adjunct to potassium citrate for uric acid or cystine stones from 1997 to 2007 . The mean follow-up was 46.1 months -LRB- range 11-86 -RRB- . Ten patients -LRB- 83 % -RRB- were categorized as compliant . Of the 2 patients excluded from the study , 1 was noncompliant with the medication , and the other was lost to follow-up . Of the 10 patients who were compliant with the treatment , 5 -LRB- 50 % -RRB- developed adverse effects from the medication requiring discontinuation . Of the remaining 5 patients -LRB- 50 % -RRB- who tolerated the medication and remained compliant , 3 -LRB- 60 % -RRB- were stone free at a mean follow-up of 42 months . Two patients continued to form stones , including one who developed calcification of an existing uric acid stone . Both patients required surgical intervention . The mean urinary pH before treatment was 5.9 -LRB- range 5-7 -RRB- and after treatment was 7.2 -LRB- range 6.5-8.5 ; P = .001 -RRB- . Acetazolamide was effective in increasing the urinary pH in patients with uric acid and cystine stone formation who were already taking potassium citrate . Caution must be taken when prescribing acetazolamide , because it could be poorly tolerated and can induce calcium phosphate stone formation . The concept of diet-induced ` acidosis ' as a cause of disease has been a subject of interest for more than a century . The present article reviews the history of our evolving understanding of physiological pH , the physiological support for the concept of ` acidosis ' , the causes of acidosis , how it is recognised , its short-term effects as well as the long-term clinical relevance of preventative measures , and the research support for normalisation of pH. Further , we suggest differentiation of the terms ` acidosis ' and ` acidaemia ' as a way to resolve the conflation of these topics which has led to confusion and controversy . The available research makes a compelling case that diet-induced acidosis , not diet-induced acidaemia , is a real phenomenon , and has a significant , clinical , long-term pathophysiological effect that should be recognised and potentially counterbalanced by dietary means . Increase in the incidence of hyperuricemia associated with gout as well as hypertension , renal diseases and cardiovascular diseases has been a public health concern . We examined the possibility of facilitated excretion of uric acid by change in urine pH by managing food materials . Within the framework of the Japanese government 's health promotion program , we made recipes which consist of protein-rich and less vegetable-fruit food materials for H + - load -LRB- acid diet -RRB- and others composed of less protein but vegetable-fruit rich food materials -LRB- alkali diet -RRB- . Healthy female students were enrolled in this consecutive 5-day study for each test . From whole-day collected urine , total volume , pH , organic acid , creatinine , uric acid and all cations -LRB- Na + , K + , Ca -LRB- 2 + -RRB- , Mg -LRB- 2 + -RRB- , NH ₄ + -RRB- and anions -LRB- Cl ⁻ , SO ₄ -LRB- 2 - -RRB- , PO ₄ ⁻ -RRB- necessary for the estimation of acid-base balance were measured . Urine pH reached a steady state 3 days after switching from ordinary daily diets to specified regimens . The amount of acid generated -LRB- -LSB- SO ₄ -LRB- 2 - -RRB- -RSB- + organic acid-gut alkai -RRB- were linearly related with those of the excretion of acid -LRB- titratable acidity + -LSB- NH4 + -RSB- - -LSB- HCO3 ⁻ -RSB- -RRB- , indicating that H + in urine is generated by the metabolic degradation of food materials . Uric acid and excreted urine pH retained a linear relationship , where uric acid excretion increased from 302 mg/day at pH 5.9 to 413 mg/day at pH 6.5 , despite the fact that the alkali diet contained a smaller purine load than the acid diet . We conclude that alkalization of urine by eating nutritionally well-designed food is effective for removing uric acid from the body . Evidence exists that a more acidic diet is detrimental to bone health . Although more precise
The objective was to study the effects of repeated antenatal corticosteroids on birth size , growth , and development in preterm infants . This observational study followed up for 3 years a prospective geographic cohort in the state of Western Australia of 477 singleton infants born at < 33 weeks ' gestation . Birth weight ratio decreased with increasing number of corticosteroid courses -LRB- P = .001 -RRB- , and multivariate analyses confirmed a reduction in birth weight of as much as 9 % -LRB- P = .014 -RRB- and a reduction in head circumference of as much as 4 % -LRB- P = .0024 -RRB- . In this cohort study repeated corticosteroid courses were associated with adverse effects on size at birth without apparent benefits . These changes have the potential to affect later development . To develop a consensus on the use of antenatal corticosteroids for fetal maturation in preterm infants . A nonfederal , nonadvocate , 16-member consensus panel including representatives from neonatology , obstetrics , family medicine , behavioral medicine , psychology , biostatistics , and the public ; 19 experts in neonatology , obstetrics , and pharmacology presented data to the consensus panel and a conference audience of approximately 500 . An extensive bibliography of references was produced for the consensus panel and the conference audience using a variety of on-line databases including MEDLINE . The consensus panel met several times prior to the conference to review the literature . It also commissioned an updated meta-analysis , a neonatal registry review , and an economic analysis that were presented at the conference . The experts prepared abstracts for distribution at the conference , presented data , and answered questions from the panel and audience . The panel evaluated the strength of the scientific evidence using the grading system developed by the Canadian Task Force on the Periodic Health Examination and adapted by the US Preventive Services Task Force . The consensus panel , answering predefined consensus questions , developed their conclusions based on the scientific evidence presented in open forum and the scientific literature . The consensus panel composed a draft statement that was read in its entirety at the conference for comment . The panel released a revised statement at the end of the conference and finalized the revisions a few weeks after the conference . Antenatal corticosteroid therapy is indicated for women at risk of premature delivery with few exceptions and will result in a substantial decrease in neonatal morbidity and mortality , as well as substantial savings in health care costs . The use of antenatal corticosteroids for fetal maturation is a rare example of a technology that yields substantial cost savings in addition to improving health . In a prospective , randomized , double-blind , multicentre trial the effect of antenatal treatment with betamethasone phosphate was compared with placebo in the prevention of the respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- RDS -RRB- in preterm infants . The dose of betamethasone was 4 mg every 8 h for six doses , unless delivery occurred . The 251 women who were enrolled gave birth to 262 liveborn infants , 130 in the beta-methasone and 132 in the placebo group ; the two groups were evenly matched in most respects . The diagnosis of RDS in the newborn was confirmed by two independent assessors . Seven of the 130 infants in the betamethasone group and 16 of the 132 in the placebo group developed RDS . In infants whose mothers had received at least three injections , RDS was also less frequent in the steroid group than in the placebo group -LRB- 3/104 and 10/104 respectively ; P less than 0.05 -RRB- . There was a significant reduction of RDS in those born between 24 h and 6 days after entry into the trial -LRB- 0/30 and 8/45 respectively ; P less than 0.05 -RRB- . The largest difference in frequency of RDS occurred in the subgroup of infants born before 34 weeks gestation , within 8 days of trial entry , and whose mothers had received at least three injections -LRB- 0/27 steroid group and 7/32 placebo group ; P = 0.03 -RRB- , and there were also significantly fewer neonatal deaths -LRB- 2/27 and 13/32 , respectively ; P less than 0.01 -RRB- in this subgroup . Betamethasone did not provoke earlier delivery . Premature rupture of the membranes and maternal hypertension did not seem to contraindicate the use of steroids : there was no increase in maternal or neonatal sepsis nor in stillbirth in hypertensive pregnancies in the steroid group . Neonatal jaundice was significantly less frequent in the steroid -LRB- 55/129 -RRB- than in the placebo group -LRB- 81/127 ; P less than 0.01 -RRB- but not in the subgroups born before 34 completed weeks gestation . A double-blind , collaborative , randomized trial was initiated in 1976 to evaluate dexamethasone administered to mothers as a method of preventing neonatal respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- RDS -RRB- . Five centers enrolled 696 women at risk for premature delivery . Up to 20 mg of dexamethasone phosphate -LRB- 5 mg every 12 hours -RRB- or a placebo was administered intramuscularly . The overall incidence of RDS was different between control subjects -LRB- 18.0 % -RRB- and steroid-treating mothers -LRB- 12.6 % -RRB- -LRB- P less than 0.05 -RRB- . The effect was , however , mainly attributable to discernible differences among singleton female infants -LRB- P less than 0.001 -RRB- , whereas no treatment effect was observed in male infants -LRB- P = 0.96 -RRB- . Non-Caucasians were improved whereas Caucasians showed little benefit . Fetal and neonatal mortality and maternal postpartum infection rates were not different . Neurologic examination at 40 weeks ' gestation demonstrated no significant difference in the rate of abnormal outcomes in the neonatal steroid group -LRB- P = 0.2 -RRB- . The purpose of this study was to determine if weekly corticosteroids improve neonatal outcome without undue harm .
Monophosphoryl lipid A -LRB- MPL -RRB- is a nontoxic derivative of lipopolysaccharide -LRB- LPS -RRB- that exhibits adjuvant properties similar to those of the parent LPS molecule . However , the mechanism by which MPL initiates its immunostimulatory properties remains unclear . Due to the involvement of Toll-like receptors in recognizing and transducing intracellular signals in response to LPS , the aim of the present study was to determine the ability of MPL to utilize the Toll-like receptor 2 -LRB- TLR2 -RRB- and TLR4 . We provide evidence that MPL differentially utilizes TLR2 and TLR4 for the induction of tumor necrosis factor alpha , interleukin 10 -LRB- IL-10 -RRB- , and IL-12 by purified human monocytes as well as by human peripheral blood mononuclear cells . Assessment of NF-kappa B activity demonstrated that MPL utilized TLR2 and especially TLR4 for the activation of NF-kappa B p65 by human monocytes . In addition , stimulation of human monocytes by MPL led to an up-regulation of the costimulatory molecules CD80 and CD86 , an effect that could be reduced by pretreatment of cells with a monoclonal antibody to TLR2 or TLR4 . Analysis of MPL-induced activation of the extracellular signal-regulated kinase -LRB- ERK -RRB- and p38 mitogen-activated protein -LRB- MAP -RRB- kinases revealed that MPL utilized both TLR2 and TLR4 for the phosphorylation of ERK1/2 , while TLR4 was the predominant receptor involved in the ability of MPL to phosphorylate p38 . Moreover , using selective inhibitors for MAP kinase kinase -LRB- PD98059 -RRB- and p38 -LRB- SB203580 -RRB- , we show that ERK1/2 exhibited differential effects on production of TNF-alpha and IL-12 p40 by human monocytes , whereas MPL-induced activation of p38 appeared to be predominantly involved in production of IL-10 and IL-12 p40 by MPL-stimulated monocytes . Taken together , these findings aid in understanding the cellular mechanisms by which MPL induces host cell activation and subsequent adjuvant properties . A pollen allergoid formulated with the T helper type 1 -LRB- Th1 -RRB- - inducing adjuvant monophosphoryl lipid A -LRB- MPL -RRB- facilitates short-term SIT . Little is known about mechanisms of tolerance induction in this setting . In a prospective study , 34 patients allergic to grass pollen -LRB- 25 male , nine female , median age 10.2 years -RRB- received a total of 44 SIT courses -LRB- 20 in the first , 24 in the second -RRB- with MPL-adjuvanted pollen allergoids . Immunogenicity was measured by levels of specific immunoglobulin G -LRB- IgG -LRB- grass -RRB- -RRB- and IgG4 -LRB- grass -RRB- by antibody blocking properties on basophil activation , and by induction of CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- , CD25 -LRB- + -RRB- and forkhead box P3 -LRB- FoxP3 -LRB- + -RRB- -RRB- regulatory T cells -LRB- T -LRB- reg -RRB- -RRB- . In keeping with these findings , we were able to show an increase of T -LRB- reg -RRB- cells and a decreased release of leukotrienes after the second year of treatment . In the first year of treatment we found little evidence for immunological changes . A significant antibody induction was seen only after the second course of SIT .
The Finerenone in Reducing CV Mortality and Morbidity in Diabetic Kidney Disease -LRB- FIGARO-DKD -RRB- trial aims to assess the efficacy and safety of finerenone compared to placebo at reducing clinically important CV and renal outcomes in T2D patients with CKD . FIGARO-DKD is a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , parallel-group , event-driven trial running in 47 countries with an expected duration of approximately 6 years . FIGARO-DKD randomized 7,437 patients with an estimated glomerular filtration rate ≥ 25 mL/min/1 .73 m2 and albuminuria -LRB- urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio ≥ 30 to ≤ 5,000 mg/g -RRB- . The study has at least 90 % power to detect a 20 % reduction in the risk of the primary outcome -LRB- overall two-sided significance level α = 0.05 -RRB- , the composite of time to first occurrence of CV death , nonfatal myocardial infarction , nonfatal stroke , or hospitalization for heart failure . FIGARO-DKD will determine whether an optimally treated cohort of T2D patients with CKD at high risk of CV and renal events will experience cardiorenal benefits with the addition of finerenone to their treatment regimen . EudraCT number : 2015-000950-39 ; ClinicalTrials.gov identifier : NCT02545049 .
The purpose of the present study was to determine the dental caries status in children with bronchial asthma and to examine the correlation with the severity of asthma and the form of medication being taken . Two hundred and five asthmatic children of both sexes from three to eighteen years old participated in this study . Children were divided into groups : primary , mixed and permanent dentitions . They were also grouped depending on the severity of asthma into mild , moderate and severe asthma and depending on the form of medication being used into inhaler , syrup , tablet and combination group . In the primary dentition group , the asthmatic children had a mean deft of 5.02 + / - 3.05 and a caries prevalence of 75.75 % , in the mixed dentition group , the mean deft was 3.45 + / - 2.89 and mean DMFT was 4.83 + / - 3.66 with a caries prevalence of 78.31 % . In the permanent dentition the mean DMFT was 5.17 + / - 4.54 and a caries prevalence of 83.15 % . Asthmatic children had a high caries prevalence and it increased with the severity of bronchial asthma . The caries prevalence was highest in those taking medication in the form of syrup . This study was performed to determine the prevalence of dental disease in British school children with asthma . A convenience sample of 100 asthmatic children -LRB- aged 4-16 years -RRB- was examined for dental caries , periodontal condition , and tooth surface loss . School children , equated for age , sex , race , and socioeconomic status were chosen for comparison . Children were divided into two age ranges ; 4-10 and 11-16 years . A significant difference was found in DMFT -LRB- 0.96 vs. 0.31 -RRB- and DMFS -LRB- 1.37 vs. 0.37 -RRB- between the 4-10-year-old asthmatic children compared with healthy control children . In the 11-16-year age range , the asthmatic children had a DMFT and DMFS of 2.48 and 3.39 compared with the control children who had a DMFT and DMFS of 1.11 and 1.97 respectively . Asthmatic children had significantly more plaque , gingivitis , and calculus compared with the control group . There was a significant difference in the severity and number of teeth affected by tooth surface loss affecting labial surfaces of the anterior teeth and occlusal surfaces of the posterior teeth of asthmatic children . It was concluded that asthmatic children have more decay affecting their permanent teeth , poorer periodontal status , and more tooth surface loss than healthy controls . The purpose of this study was to observe the effect of surgical revascularization on the motility of the left ventricular segment distal to a high grade coronary stenosis . A group of 14 patients whose angina pectoris was abolished after operation and where bypass proved to be patent showed significant increase of lambda within the first postoperative days -LRB- lambda preop . = 3,4 + / - 18,3 SD , lambda postop . = 18,9 + / - 8,0 SD , p less than 0.05 -RRB- . Paradoxical movement had disappeared in 4 cases . In the following two-monthly controls up to one year no significant further alterations of local motility were seen . Three patients with persisting angina did not show any increase of segment shortening . It is concluded that aorto-coronary bypass surgery can restore impaired local motility in the majority of patients . The method described is useful for repeated non-invasive controls of the success of operation . This study explored the potential association between childhood asthma and caries using oral examination and health interview data from the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1988-1994 -LRB- NHANES III -RRB- . We fitted GEE Poisson regression models with adjustment for parents ' income , gender , race , exposure to potentially xerostomic drugs , and the presence of pit and fissure sealants . There was no association between the use of drugs commonly used by asthmatics -LRB- antihistamines , corticosteroids , and antiasthmatic inhalers -RRB- and df/DMF scores . Similarly , severely asthmatic children 11-16 years of age had significantly lower DMFT scores than controls -LRB- p = 0.024 -RRB- and DMFS scores approaching statistical significance -LRB- p = 0.053 -RRB- . While our analysis adjusted for covariates , potential confounders such as fluoride intake from water , diet , use of topical fluorides , and dose of antiasthmatic medication could not be addressed . The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between the specific types of medication , length of use , frequency of use , and dosing time of day on the dental caries of children diagnosed with asthma . Using a patient list from a previous study , surveys were mailed to the parents of 179 asthmatic children . The survey itself consisted of a table that asked 4 questions : -LRB- 1 -RRB- What combination of asthma medications was used by the subject ? -LRB- 2 -RRB- How long were the medications used ? -LRB- 3 -RRB- How often were the medications used ? -LRB- 4 -RRB- What time of day were the medications used ? Of the 179 surveys that were mailed out , 156 were returned . Children who used their medication greater than twice daily were significantly more likely to experience dental disease in both the primary -LRB- odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- = 2.56 , 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- = 1.45-6.29 -RRB- and mixed dentitions -LRB- OR = 3.56 , 95 % CI 2.45-5.94 -RRB- . Increased frequency of asthma medication use was associated with increased likelihood of caries experience . The time of day asthma medication was used was associated with increased likelihood of caries experience in children in the primary dentition . Duration of asthma medication use was associated with a decreased likelihood of caries experience in children in the mixed dentition . From
Analgesia following video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery -LRB- VATS -RRB- is important for the prevention of postoperative pulmonary complications . Various regional methods of anaesthesia are currently being used to achieve this goal . In our study , we aim to assess the effectiveness of SAPB on postoperative VATS analgesia in our study . A total of 40 patients aged between 18 and 70 years , those who were in the Society of Anaesthesiologists -LRB- ASA -RRB- I-III class and underwent VATS were included in the study . Patients were randomised to either group T -LRB- intravenous patient-controlled analgesia tramadol ; n = 20 -RRB- or group S -LRB- intravenous patient-controlled analgesia tramadol + SAPB ; n = 20 -RRB- . Visual Analogue Scale -LRB- VAS -RRB- was used for postoperative pain , the primary outcome measure , were evaluated at post-anaesthetic care unit -LRB- PACU -RRB- , 2 , 6 , 12 , and 24 hours . Secondary outcomes included the postoperative 2nd , 6th , 12th , and 24th hour follow-up results were evaluated to identify the quantity of tramadol use , Ramsay sedation scale -LRB- RSS -RRB- , side effect profile , and additional analgesic use . There was no statistically significant difference in the rate of side effects and RSS outcomes between the groups -LRB- P > 0.05 -RRB- . Our study results suggest that SAPB is an effective treatment option for VATS analgesia .
A prospective study of unexpected , difficult laryngoscopy was carried out . During a 7-month period , all general surgery patients in whom the trachea was intubated were assessed ; only those with obvious neck pathology were excluded . Ease or difficulty of laryngoscopy was graded by a standard method . There were no grade 4 cases and no failed intubations in a total of 1387 cases . There were significant differences in the results recorded by different individuals ; this did not correlate with seniority or with the type of surgery . Four factors have been identified which help to explain these discrepancies . These findings are analysed in relation to the training of junior staff , with particular reference to obstetric anaesthesia . A 49-year-old woman -LRB- body mass index ; BMI , 36 kg.m -LRB- -2 -RRB- -RRB- , was scheduled to undergo an elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy because of cholelithiasis . Based upon the obesity of the patient and preoperative metrics -LRB- Mallampati grade IV ; interdental distance of 2.9 cm ; thyromental distance , 5.5 cm -RRB- a difficult airway was anticipated . Classic direct laryngoscopy using a Macintosh blade size IV failed , despite three intubation attempts-each resulting in a Cormack-Lehane grade IV view . Intubation using a video-assisted Macintosh laryngoscope -LRB- V-Mac ; Karl Storz , Tuttlingen , Germany -RRB- was successful upon the first attempt . The maximum force exerted on the patient 's maxillary incisors was 61 N by direct laryngoscopy and 7.6 N using the indirect videolaryngoscope , both using a Macintosh blade . However , most indirect laryngoscopes require special training . The McGrath ® Series 5 video laryngoscope is similar to the Macintosh laryngoscope in shape and usage , yet still confers the advantages of having indirect laryngoscopes . This study compared tracheal intubation by novice users , using the McGrath ® Series 5 video laryngoscope vs. the Macintosh laryngoscope in a cervical immobilized manikin . Thirty-eight nurses intubated the trachea of a manikin using a McGrath ® Series 5 video laryngoscope and a Macintosh laryngoscope , in random order . Then they repeated the procedure in a manikin with a cervical collar . Success rate , time to success , number of intubation attempts , dental clicks , and difficulty score were compared between the two laryngoscopes . First-attempt success rate was higher for the McGrath ® Series 5 compared to the Macintosh laryngoscope in cervical immobilizations -LRB- 84.2 % vs. 47.7 % , respectively ; p = 0.019 -RRB- . However , overall intubation success rate with and without the cervical collar was no different . Tracheal intubation using the McGrath ® Series 5 was faster than the Macintosh laryngoscope regardless of the presence of a cervical collar . McGrath ® Series 5 video laryngoscope may be better than a standard Macintosh laryngoscope for novice intubators intubating the trachea in cervical immobilization , due to the higher first-attempt success rate , faster intubation time , fewer dental clicks , lower number of intubation attempts , and overall ease of use . Several videolaryngoscopes are available which may facilitate tracheal intubation in difficult airways . We compared the McGrath -LRB- ® -RRB- Series 5 and the Venner ™ A.P. Advance ™ -LRB- APA -RRB- videolaryngoscopes with a Macintosh laryngoscope by studying the performance of experienced anaesthetists using manikins in normal and difficult airway scenarios . We recruited 48 anaesthetists into a randomized trial . Each performed tracheal intubation with each laryngoscope in one easy and one difficult laryngoscopy scenario . The primary endpoint was time to intubation . Other endpoints were time to best glottic visualization , grade of view , and number of glottic advances . There were no dropouts . In the easy scenario , the time to intubation was greater using the McGrath -LSB- median time 40.7 s , inter-quartile range -LRB- IQR -RRB- 31.0 , 57.4 , P < 0.001 -RSB- than the other devices . In the difficult scenario , the time to intubation using the APA with Difficult Airway Blade -LRB- DAB -RRB- was less -LRB- median time 23.2 s , IQR 19.8 , 29.0 , P < 0.001 -RRB- than the other devices . Time to glottic visualization was reduced using the McGrath and the APA with DAB . Glottic advances were fewer using the APA with DAB . Experienced anaesthetists required a longer time for intubation in a standard manikin using a McGrath compared with other laryngoscopes , but a shorter time for intubation in a difficult manikin using an APA with DAB , and with fewer glottic advances , compared with other laryngoscopes . The video laryngoscope -LRB- VL -RRB- has been shown to improve laryngoscopic views and first-attempt success rates in elective operating room and simulated tracheal intubations compared with the direct laryngoscope -LRB- DL -RRB- . However , there are limited data on the effectiveness of the VL compared with the DL in urgent endotracheal intubations -LRB- UEIs -RRB- in the critically ill . We assessed the effectiveness of using a VL as the primary intubating device during UEI in critically ill patients when performed by less experienced operators . We compared success rates of UEIs performed by Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine -LRB- PCCM -RRB- fellows in the medical intensive care unit and medical or surgical wards . A cohort of PCCM fellows using GlideScope VL as the primary intubating device was compared with a historical cohort of PCCM fellows using a traditional Macintosh or Miller blade DL . The primary measured outcome was first-attempt intubation success rate . Secondary outcomes included total number of attempts required for successful tracheal intubation , rate of esophageal intubation , need for supervising attending intervention , duration of intubation sequence , and incidence of hypoxemia and hypotension . There were 138 UEIs , with 78 using a VL and 50 using a DL as the primary intubating device . The rate of first-attempt success was superior with the VL
When sentinel node dissection reveals breast cancer metastasis , completion axillary lymph node dissection is ideally performed during the same operation . Intraoperative histologic techniques have low and variable sensitivity . A new intraoperative molecular assay -LRB- GeneSearch BLN Assay ; Veridex , LLC , Warren , NJ -RRB- was evaluated to determine its efficiency in identifying significant sentinel lymph node metastases -LRB- > .2 mm -RRB- . Positive or negative BLN Assay results generated from fresh 2-mm node slabs were compared with results from conventional histologic evaluation of adjacent fixed tissue slabs . In a prospective study of 416 patients at 11 clinical sites , the assay detected 98 % of metastases > 2 mm and 88 % of metastasis greater > .2 mm , results superior to frozen section . Micrometastases were less frequently detected -LRB- 57 % -RRB- and assay positive results in nodes found negative by histology were rare -LRB- 4 % -RRB- . The BLN Assay is properly calibrated for use as a stand alone intraoperative molecular test . An accurate , intraoperative sentinel lymph node -LRB- SLN -RRB- test could decrease delayed axillary dissections . Molecular tests may be more sensitive than current intraoperative tests but historically have not been rapid enough and have not been properly validated . We present the results from a large , prospective evaluation of the first rapid molecular SLN test , the Breast Lymph Node -LRB- BLN -RRB- Assay . A beta trial -LRB- n = 304 -RRB- to determine the threshold levels of mammaglobin and cytokeratin 19 correlating with metastasis greater than 0.2 mm and a validation trial -LRB- n = 416 -RRB- to validate the threshold cutoffs were conducted . Alternating portions from each SLN were processed for histology and the BLN Assay . BLN Assay performance against extensive permanent-section histology verified by central pathology review was similar to that expected of standard permanent-section histology : sensitivity , 87.6 % ; specificity , 94.2 % ; positive predictive value , 86.2 % ; and negative predictive value -LRB- NPV -RRB- , 94.9 % . In 319 patients with both frozen-section hematoxylin and eosin results and BLN Assay results , the BLN Assay had higher sensitivity -LRB- 95.6 % -RRB- and NPV -LRB- 98.2 % -RRB- than frozen section -LRB- sensitivity , 85.6 % ; NPV , 94.5 % -RRB- . The assay can be performed in approximately 36 to 46 minutes for one to three nodes . The BLN Assay allows a rapid evaluation of 50 % of each SLN . Comparison with permanent-section histology on adjacent node pieces evaluated by expert pathologists indicated that the BLN Assay was more sensitive than current intraoperative techniques while maintaining high specificity . The assay provides qualitative results by applying cut-off values to cycle times -LRB- Ct -RRB- for mammaglobin -LRB- MG -RRB- and cytokeratin-19 -LRB- CK19 -RRB- genes . Aims of this study were to evaluate the performance of the quantitative Ct values to estimate the size of nodal metastases and the risk of additional disease in non-SLNs . SLNs from 367 patients were clinically processed using both BLN assay and post-operative histology . Complementary axillary lymph node dissection -LRB- ALND -RRB- was performed concurrently in case of BLN assay positivity or tumour size > 2 cm . BLN positivity was reported in 19.6 % of the patients for a sensitivity of 89 % . BLN specificity -LRB- 94.5 % -RRB- and negative predictive value -LRB- 97.5 % -RRB- clearly demonstrated its reliability to guide ALND decision . All , except one , residual axillary metastases were found in BLN-positive patients . Considering the 78 patients with SLN positivity or discordant status according to both criteria , the metastases histological size was significantly correlated to the expression level of MG -LRB- ρ = 0.62 -RRB- and CK19 -LRB- ρ = 0.64 -RRB- genes -LRB- P < 10E-6 -RRB- . Moreover , ALND status positivity was significantly associated to Ct value of MG -LRB- z = 2.4 ; P = 0.018 -RRB- and CK19 -LRB- z = 3.2 ; P = 0.001 -RRB- . The high intra-operative quality performance of the BLN assay minimizes the need for second surgeries for ALND . Results from this investigational study suggest that markers Ct value may provide , intra-operatively , valuable metastases size data and a risk prediction of additional disease in non-SLNs .
Policies for timing of cord clamping vary , with early cord clamping generally carried out in the first 60 seconds after birth , whereas later cord clamping usually involves clamping the umbilical cord more than one minute after the birth or when cord pulsation has ceased . The benefits and potential harms of each policy are debated . To determine the effects of early cord clamping compared with late cord clamping after birth on maternal and neonatal outcomes We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group 's Trials Register -LRB- 13 February 2013 -RRB- . Randomised controlled trials comparing early and late cord clamping . Two review authors independently assessed trial eligibility and quality and extracted data . We included 15 trials involving a total of 3911 women and infant pairs . We judged the trials to have an overall moderate risk of bias . Maternal outcomes : No studies in this review reported on maternal death or on severe maternal morbidity . There were no significant differences between early versus late cord clamping groups for the primary outcome of severe postpartum haemorrhage -LRB- risk ratio -LRB- RR -RRB- 1.04 , 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- 0.65 to 1.65 ; five trials with data for 2066 women with a late clamping event rate -LRB- LCER -RRB- of ~ 3.5 % , I -LRB- 2 -RRB- 0 % -RRB- or for postpartum haemorrhage of 500 mL or more -LRB- RR 1.17 95 % CI 0.94 to 1.44 ; five trials , 2260 women with a LCER of ~ 12 % , I -LRB- 2 -RRB- 0 % -RRB- . There were no significant differences between subgroups depending on the use of uterotonic drugs . Mean blood loss was reported in only two trials with data for 1345 women , with no significant differences seen between groups ; or for maternal haemoglobin values -LRB- mean difference -LRB- MD -RRB- -0.12 g/dL ; 95 % CI -0.30 to 0.06 , I -LRB- 2 -RRB- 0 % -RRB- at 24 to 72 hours after the birth in three trials . Neonatal outcomes : There were no significant differences between early and late clamping for the primary outcome of neonatal mortality -LRB- RR 0.37 , 95 % CI 0.04 to 3.41 , two trials , 381 infants with a LCER of ~ 1 % -RRB- , or for most other neonatal morbidity outcomes , such as Apgar score less than seven at five minutes or admission to the special care nursery or neonatal intensive care unit . Mean birthweight was significantly higher in the late , compared with early , cord clamping -LRB- 101 g increase 95 % CI 45 to 157 , random-effects model , 12 trials , 3139 infants , I -LRB- 2 -RRB- 62 % -RRB- . Fewer infants in the early cord clamping group required phototherapy for jaundice than in the late cord clamping group -LRB- RR 0.62 , 95 % CI 0.41 to 0.96 , data from seven trials , 2324 infants with a LCER of 4.36 % , I -LRB- 2 -RRB- 0 % -RRB- . Haemoglobin concentration in infants at 24 to 48 hours was significantly lower in the early cord clamping group -LRB- MD -1.49 g/dL , 95 % CI -1.78 to -1.21 ; 884 infants , I -LRB- 2 -RRB- 59 % -RRB- . This difference in haemoglobin concentration was not seen at subsequent assessments . However , improvement in iron stores appeared to persist , with infants in the early cord clamping over twice as likely to be iron deficient at three to six months compared with infants whose cord clamping was delayed -LRB- RR 2.65 95 % CI 1.04 to 6.73 , five trials , 1152 infants , I -LRB- 2 -RRB- 82 % -RRB- . In the only trial to report longer-term neurodevelopmental outcomes so far , no overall differences between early and late clamping were seen for Ages and Stages Questionnaire scores . A more liberal approach to delaying clamping of the umbilical cord in healthy term infants appears to be warranted , particularly in light of growing evidence that delayed cord clamping increases early haemoglobin concentrations and iron stores in infants . Delayed cord clamping is likely to be beneficial as long as access to treatment for jaundice requiring phototherapy is available . Administration of the uterotonic drugs is one of the main components of the active management of the third stage of labour . The timing of uterotonics varies considerably across the globe and it may have significant implications on the well-being of the mothers and their babies . To assess the effect of the timing of administration of prophylactic uterotonics -LRB- before compared to after placental delivery -RRB- on the outcomes related to the third stage of labour . We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group 's Trials Register -LRB- September 2009 -RRB- . Randomised controlled trials examining the timing of prophylactic uterotonic drugs in the third stage of labour . Two authors independently assessed the studies for inclusion , assessed risk of bias and carried out data extraction . Data entry was checked We included three trials involving 1671 participants ; oxytocin was the only uterotonic drug that was used . The dose and route of administration of oxytocin varied among the included studies . Administration of oxytocin before and after the expulsion of placenta does not significantly influence the incidence of postpartum haemorrhage -LRB- blood loss greater than 500 ml -RRB- -LRB- risk ratio -LRB- RR -RRB- 0.81 , 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- 0.62 to 1.04 ; n = 1667 , three trials -RRB- ; retained placenta -LRB- RR 1.54 , 95 % CI 0.76 to 3.11 ; n = 1667 , three trials -RRB- ; length of third stage of labour -LRB- minutes -RRB- -LRB- mean difference -LRB- MD -RRB- -0.30 , 95 % CI -0.95 to 0.36 ; n = 1667 , three trials -RRB- ; postpartum blood loss
After management , stability of the chest wall occurred in 85 % of the patients in the surgical group . Forty-five percent of patients in this group required ventilatory support after fixation for an average of 2 days . Whereas in the conservative group , stability occurred in 50 % of their patients , and 35 % of patients required ventilatory support for an average of 12 days . Chest wall deformity in the form of stove-in chest and crowding of ribs was still obvious in 9 patients among the conservatively treated group , compared to only one patient who developed chest wall deformity in the surgically treated group . The pulmonary functions tested two months after management indicated that in the surgical group the patients had a significantly less restrictive pattern . Thus , surgical fixation of a flail segment is a method of great value in the treatment of flail chest , in which stability is achieved without deformity of the chest wall and patients have less restrictive impairment of pulmonary functions . One factor that has precluded the wide adoption of surgical stabilization of rib fractures -LRB- SSRF -RRB- is the perception that it is too expensive to surgically repair an injury that will eventually heal without intervention . The purpose of this study was to compare in-hospital outcomes , costs , and charges for SSRF patients with a series of propensity-matched , nonoperatively managed rib fracture -LRB- NON-OP -RRB- patients at a single Level 1 trauma center . All patients admitted with rib fractures between January 2009 and June 2013 were identified . Patient demographics , injury , cost , and charge data were collected . Two-to-one propensity score matching was used to identify NON-OP patients who were similar to the SSRF patients . Zero-inflated negative binomial regression was conducted to assess the relationship among SSRF , intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- length of stay -LRB- LOS -RRB- , and ventilator days . Cost and charge information was compared using Wilcoxon rank-sum tests . A total of 411 patients -LRB- 137 SSRF , 274 NON-OP -RRB- were included in the analysis . Ventilator days and ICU LOS in days were not different between the SSRF and NON-OP groups when compared using the Wilcoxon rank-sum test . Ventilator and ICU days were less for SSRF by 2.24 days and 1.62 days , respectively , using zero-inflated negative binomial analysis to exclude the large number of patients who had 0 day on the ventilator and/or in the ICU . SSRF patients had higher hospital costs and total relevant charges compared with the NON-OP patients . Subgroup analysis of patients requiring mechanical ventilation who did not have head injury showed decreased ventilator days -LRB- median , 3 days vs. 5 days ; p = 0.03 -RRB- and need for tracheostomy -LRB- 5 % vs. 23 % , p = 0.02 -RRB- in SSRF versus NON-OP , respectively . In this subgroup , there was no difference in hospital costs and charges between SSRF and NON-OP . SSRF patients have shorter ICU LOS and less ventilator days than NON-OP across a diverse group of patients . Hospital costs and charges for SSRF patients are higher . In mechanically ventilated patients who do not have head injury , in-hospital outcomes are better , and there is no difference in hospital costs and charges . Further prospective cost-effectiveness research will determine whether improved quality of life and ability to return to meaningful activity sooner outweighs the increased costs of the acute care episode for SSRF patients . Epidemiologic study , level III . There are currently no evidence-based indications for surgical stabilization of rib fractures -LRB- SSRF -RRB- in patients without flail chest . The purpose of this survey was to identify patients for whom there is relative equipoise -LRB- operative vs. non-operative -RRB- in order to assist in designing a randomized clinical trial . Members of the Chest Wall Injury Society were sent an online survey , in which 18 patient scenarios were presented . The baseline patient had ≥ three displaced , contiguous fractures and had no other contraindications for surgery . This default scenario was then varied based upon patient age , degree of traumatic brain injury -LRB- TBI -RRB- , fracture series location , and number of abnormal pulmonary physiologic variables -LRB- oxygen requirement , respiratory rate , incentive spirometry ability , cough , and numeric pain score -RRB- . Thirty respondents provided a total of 540 answers . Overall , the majority of responses were in favor of SSRF -LRB- n = 413 , 84.1 % -RRB- . Furthermore , the vast majority of responses indicated that some degree of pulmonary compromise was necessary to recommend SSRF -LRB- n = 44 , 90.4 % -RRB- , with ≥ two abnormal parameters being the most common threshold -LRB- n = 156 , 31.8 % -RRB- . Decision to recommend SSRF varied significantly by number of abnormal clinical variables , age , and degree of TBI , but not by fracture series location . Patients aged 85 years old and those with moderate TBI were the least likely to be recommended for SSRF , regardless of abnormal pulmonary physiologic variables . The most appropriate cutoff for equipoise appeared to be a patient aged 21-79 years old , with no or mild TBI , ≥ two abnormal pulmonary parameters , and regardless of fracture location -LRB- 44.8 % consensus for SSRF -RRB- . SSRF was recommended for most patients with non-flail , displaced rib fractures . However , this recommendation was contingent upon patient age , degree of TBI , and pulmonary clinical status . Results of this survey may be used to inform inclusion criteria for a future randomized , clinical trial . To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies comparing operative to nonoperative therapy in adult FC patients . Outcomes were duration of mechanical ventilation -LRB- DMV -RRB- , intensive care unit length of stay
In patients , 18F-FDG scans also were performed . An automated MR-based partial-volume correction -LRB- PVC -RRB- algorithm was applied . Psychiatric symptoms were assessed with the Beck Depression Inventory Scale . Before PVC , significant -LRB- uncorrected P < 0.05 -RRB- reductions of 18F-FCWAY binding potential -LRB- BP -RRB- were detected in both mesial and lateral temporal structures , mainly ipsilateral to the seizure focus , in the insula , and in the raphe . Group differences were maximal in ipsilateral mesial temporal regions -LRB- corrected P < 0.05 -RRB- . After PVC , differences in mesial , but not lateral , temporal structures and in the insula remained highly significant -LRB- corrected P < 0.05 -RRB- . Significant -LRB- uncorrected P < 0.05 -RRB- BP reductions were also detected in TLE patients with normal MR images -LRB- n = 6 -RRB- , in mesial temporal structures . After PVC , asymmetries in BP remained significantly greater than for glucose metabolism in hippocampus and parahippocampus . There was a significant inverse relation between the Beck Depression score and the ipsilateral hippocampal BP , both before and after PVC . Our study shows that in TLE patients , reductions of 5-HT 1A receptor binding in mesial temporal structures and insula are still significant after PVC . In contrast , partial-volume effects may be an important contributor to 5-HT 1A receptor-binding reductions in lateral temporal lobe . Reduction of 5-HT 1A receptors in the ipsilateral hippocampus may contribute to depressive symptoms in TLE patients .
Freeman-Sheldon and Sheldon-Hall syndromes -LRB- FSS and SHS -RRB- and distal arthrogryposis types 1 and 3 -LRB- DA1 and DA3 -RRB- are rare , often confused , congenital syndromes . Few studies exist . With reported diagnosis unreliable , it would be scientifically inappropriate to consider articles describing FSS , SHS , DA1 , or DA3 , unless diagnoses were independently verified , rendering conventional systematic review and meta-analysis methodology inappropriate and necessitating patient-level data analysis -LRB- PROSPERO : CRD42015024740 -RRB- . As part of a clinical practise guideline development process , we evaluate -LRB- 1 -RRB- diagnostic accuracy from 1938-2017 , using the Stevenson criteria ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- the most common physical findings , possible frequency clusters , and complications of physical findings amongst patients with FSS ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- treatment types and outcomes . All papers reporting diagnosis of FSS , SHS , DA1 , and DA3 are included in searching PubMed and Google Scholar from December 2014 to July 2015 and again before final analyses . Patients with FSS are divided into four phenotype-defined sub-types ; all patients are grouped by published diagnosis and medical speciality . Significance of physical findings and historical data is evaluated by chi-square . Associations of physical findings and history with diagnosis and treatment outcome are evaluated by Pearson correlation and linear regression analysis . For treatment and psychosocial health outcomes , we anticipate enhanced difficulties , which may limit significance , power , and results ' usability . We hope to outline knowledge gaps and prioritise areas for clinical investigation . CRD42015024740 Universal Trial Number : U1111-1172-4670 . Described are previously unreported features presenting in a case of Freeman-Sheldon syndrome -LRB- FSS -RRB- ; these apparently unreported features may substantively inform current therapy and further research . While considered to be primarily a craniofacial syndrome , FSS is officially described as a myopathic distal arthrogryposis . Clinical diagnosis requires microstomia , whistling-face appearance -LRB- pursed lips -RRB- , H-shaped chin dimpling , nasolabial folds , and two or more contractures of hands and feet . Spinal deformities , metabolic and gastroenterological problems , other dysmorphic craniofacial characteristics , and visual and auditory impairments are frequent findings . Differential diagnoses include : distal arthrogryposis type 1 , 2B -LRB- Sheldon-Hall syndrome -RRB- and 3 ; arthrogryposis multiplex congenita and isolated non-syndromic deformities . Expression is frequently from new allelic variation . Important implications exist for geneticists , neonatologists , paediatricians , plastic surgeons and others to facilitate patients ' legitimate opportunity to meaningfully overcome functional limitations and become well . Despite complexities and complications , early craniofacial surgery and aggressive physiotherapy for limb contractures can achieve excellent outcomes for patients .
The Placement of Aortic Transcatheter Valves -LRB- PARTNER -RRB- trial showed that among high-risk patients with aortic stenosis , the 1-year survival rates are similar with transcatheter aortic-valve replacement -LRB- TAVR -RRB- and surgical replacement . However , longer-term follow-up is necessary to determine whether TAVR has prolonged benefits . All patients were followed for at least 2 years , with assessment of clinical outcomes and echocardiographic evaluation . The rates of death from any cause were similar in the TAVR and surgery groups -LRB- hazard ratio with TAVR , 0.90 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 0.71 to 1.15 ; P = 0.41 -RRB- and at 2 years -LRB- Kaplan-Meier analysis -RRB- were 33.9 % in the TAVR group and 35.0 % in the surgery group -LRB- P = 0.78 -RRB- . At 30 days , strokes were more frequent with TAVR than with surgical replacement -LRB- 4.6 % vs. 2.4 % , P = 0.12 -RRB- ; subsequently , there were 8 additional strokes in the TAVR group and 12 in the surgery group . Improvement in valve areas was similar with TAVR and surgical replacement and was maintained for 2 years . Paravalvular regurgitation was more frequent after TAVR -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- , and even mild paravalvular regurgitation was associated with increased late mortality -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . A 2-year follow-up of patients in the PARTNER trial supports TAVR as an alternative to surgery in high-risk patients . The two treatments were similar with respect to mortality , reduction in symptoms , and improved valve hemodynamics , but paravalvular regurgitation was more frequent after TAVR and was associated with increased late mortality .
1 . The purpose of this study was to compare the functional properties of neurons in three interrelated motor areas that have been implicated in the planning and execution of visually guided limb movements . All three structures , the supplementary motor area -LRB- SMA -RRB- , primary motor cortex -LRB- MC -RRB- , and the putamen , are components of the basal ganglia-thalamocortical `` motor circuit . '' The focus of this report is on neuronal activity related to the preparation for movement . Five rhesus monkeys were trained to perform a visuomotor step-tracking task in which elbow movements were made both with and without prior instruction concerning the direction of the forthcoming movement . To dissociate the direction of preparatory set -LRB- and limb movement -RRB- from the task-related patterns of tonic -LRB- and phasic -RRB- muscular activation , some trials included the application of a constant torque load that either opposed or assisted the movements required by the behavioral paradigm . Single-cell activity was recorded from the arm regions of the SMA , MC , and putamen contralateral to the working arm . 3 . A total of 741 task-related neurons were studied , including 222 within the SMA , 202 within MC , and 317 within the putamen . Each area contained substantial proportions of neurons that manifested preparatory activity , i.e. , cells that showed task-related changes in discharge rate during the postinstruction -LRB- preparatory -RRB- interval . The SMA contained a larger proportion of such cells -LRB- 55 % -RRB- than did MC -LRB- 37 % -RRB- or the putamen -LRB- 33 % -RRB- . The proportion of cells showing only preparatory activity was threefold greater in the SMA -LRB- 32 % -RRB- than in MC -LRB- 11 % -RRB- . In all three areas , cells that showed only preparatory activity tended to be located more rostrally than cells with movement-related activity . Within the arm region of the SMA , the distribution of sites from which movements were evoked by microstimulation showed just the opposite tendency : i.e. , microexcitable sites were largely confined to the caudal half of this region . The majority of cells with task-related preparatory activity showed selective activation in anticipation of elbow movements in a particular direction -LRB- SMA , 86 % ; MC , 87 % ; putamen , 78 % -RRB- , and in most cases the preparatory activity was found to be independent of the loading conditions -LRB- 80 % in SMA , 83 % in MC , and 84 % in putamen -RRB- .
To compare efficacy and safety of 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster with pregabalin in patients with post-herpetic neuralgia -LRB- PHN -RRB- or painful diabetic polyneuropathy -LRB- DPN -RRB- . This was a two-stage adaptive , randomized , open-label , multicentre , non-inferiority study . Data are reported from the initial 4-week comparative phase , in which adults with PHN or painful DPN received either topical 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster applied to the most painful skin area or twice-daily pregabalin capsules titrated to effect according to the Summary of Product Characteristics . The primary endpoint was response rate at 4 weeks , defined as reduction averaged over the last three days from baseline of > or = 2 points or an absolute value of < or = 4 points on the 11-point Numerical Rating Scale -LRB- NRS-3 -RRB- . Secondary endpoints included 30 % and 50 % reductions in NRS-3 scores ; change in allodynia severity rating ; quality of life -LRB- QoL -RRB- parameters EQ-5D , CGIC , and PGIC ; patient satisfaction with treatment ; and evaluation of safety -LRB- laboratory parameters , vital signs , physical examinations , adverse events -LSB- AEs -RSB- , drug-related AEs -LSB- DRAEs -RSB- , and withdrawal due to AEs -RRB- . Ninety-six patients with PHN and 204 with painful DPN were analysed -LRB- full analysis set , FAS -RRB- . Overall , 66.4 % of patients treated with the 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster and 61.5 % receiving pregabalin were considered responders -LRB- corresponding numbers for the per protocol set , PPS : 65.3 % vs. 62.0 % -RRB- . In PHN more patients responded to 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster treatment than to pregabalin -LRB- PPS : 62.2 % vs. 46.5 % -RRB- , while response was comparable for patients with painful DPN -LRB- PPS : 66.7 % vs 69.1 % -RRB- . 30 % and 50 % reductions in NRS-3 scores were greater with 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster than with pregabalin . Both treatments reduced allodynia severity . 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster showed greater improvements in QoL based on EQ-5D in both PHN and DPN . PGIC and CGIC scores indicated greater improvement for 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster treated patients with PHN . Improvements were comparable between treatments in painful DPN . Fewer patients administering 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster experienced AEs -LRB- safety set , SAF : 18.7 % vs. 46.4 % -RRB- , DRAEs -LRB- 5.8 % vs. 41.2 % -RRB- and related discontinuations compared to patients taking pregabalin . 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster showed better efficacy compared with pregabalin in patients with PHN . Within DPN , efficacy was comparable for both treatments . 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster showed a favourable efficacy/safety profile with greater improvements in patient satisfaction and QoL compared with pregabalin for both indications , supporting its first line position in the treatment of localized neuropathic pain . Neuropathic pain is often difficult to treat due to a complex pathophysiology . This study evaluated the efficacy , tolerability and safety of combination therapy with 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster and pregabalin for neuropathic pain in patients with post-herpetic neuralgia -LRB- PHN -RRB- or painful diabetic polyneuropathy -LRB- DPN -RRB- . Patients completing 4-week monotherapy with 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster or pregabalin were enrolled in an 8-week combination phase . Patients with adequate response to monotherapy -LRB- recalled average pain intensity of 4 or less on 11-point numeric rating scale in the previous 3 days -LSB- NRS-3 score -RSB- -RRB- continued their previous therapy , whereas those with insufficient response received combination therapy . Efficacy endpoints included change in NRS-3 from combination phase baseline , Patient and Clinical Global Impression of Change -LRB- PGIC/CGIC -RRB- , and patient 's satisfaction with treatment . Safety evaluation included adverse events -LRB- AEs -RRB- , drug-related AEs -LRB- DRAEs -RRB- , and withdrawal due to AEs . EudraCT No. 2006-003132-29 . Of 229 patients in the per-protocol set -LRB- PPS : 68 PHN and 161 DPN -RRB- , 71 received 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster monotherapy , 57 had pregabalin added to 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster , 57 pregabalin monotherapy and 44 received 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster in addition to continued pregabalin treatment . There were no meaningful differences in demographic data between the treatment groups . Patients continuing on monotherapy demonstrated additional decreases in NRS-3 scores . Patients receiving combination therapy achieved clinically relevant reduction in NRS-3 values in addition to improvement achieved during the 4 weeks of monotherapy . Considerable improvements in patients ' treatment satisfaction were reported . Incidences of AEs were in line with previous reports for the two treatments and combination therapy was generally well tolerated . In patients with PHN and painful DPN failing to respond to monotherapy , combination therapy with 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster and pregabalin provides additional clinically relevant pain relief and is safe and well-tolerated . Postherpetic neuralgia -LRB- PHN -RRB- and diabetic polyneuropathy -LRB- DPN -RRB- are two common causes of peripheral neuropathic pain . Typical localized symptoms can include burning sensations or intermittent shooting or stabbing pains with or without allodynia . Evidence-based treatment guidelines recommend the 5 % lidocaine -LRB- lignocaine -RRB- medicated plaster or pregabalin as first-line therapy for relief of peripheral neuropathic pain . This study aimed to compare 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster treatment with pregabalin in patients with PHN and patients with DPN . The study was a two-stage , adaptive , randomized , controlled , open-label , multicentre trial that incorporated a drug wash-out phase of up to 2 weeks prior to the start of the comparative phase . At the end of the enrollment phase , patients who fulfilled the eligibility criteria were randomized to either 5 % lidocaine medicated plaster or pregabalin treatment and entered the 4-week comparative phase . The interim analysis represents the first stage of the two-stage adaptive trial design and was planned to include
Purpose . -LRB- 123 -RRB- I-metaiodobenzylguanidine -LRB- MIBG -RRB- is used for the diagnostic evaluation of neuroblastoma . We evaluated the relationship between norepinephrine transporter -LRB- NET -RRB- expression and clinical MIBG uptake . Methods . Quantitative reverse transcription PCR -LRB- N = 82 -RRB- and immunohistochemistry -LRB- IHC ; N = 61 -RRB- were performed for neuroblastoma NET mRNA and protein expression and correlated with MIBG avidity on diagnostic scans . The correlation of NET expression with clinical features was also performed . Results . Median NET mRNA expression level for the 19 MIBG avid patients was 12.9 % -LRB- range 1.6-73.7 % -RRB- versus 5.9 % -LRB- range 0.6-110.0 % -RRB- for the 8 nonavid patients -LRB- P = 0.31 -RRB- . Conclusions . NET protein expression in neuroblastoma correlates with MIBG avidity . MYCN amplified tumors have lower NET protein expression . The young age of neuroblastoma patients makes them especially prone to the ototoxic effects of widely used treatments that feature aggressive use of platinum compounds . We present data defining the extent of the problem in a large series of neuroblastoma patients whose induction included high-dose cisplatin/etoposide -LRB- HD-P/E -RRB- as used in both the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center N7 regimen and the Children 's Oncology Group A3973 study . N7/A3973 patients were divided into 3 groups : Group 1 had hearing tested after induction , that included 2 cycles of HD-P/E -LRB- cumulative cisplatin = 400 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- ; Group 2 had hearing tested after induction , that included 3 cycles of HD-P/E -LRB- cumulative cisplatin = 600 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- ; and Group 3 had hearing tested following carboplatin-containing myeloablative therapy administered after induction , that included 2 cycles of HD-P/E . Ototoxicity was scored by the Brock method . All 3 groups had similar clinical characteristics , including median age at diagnosis of about 3 years . Little or no hearing loss in the speech range -LRB- Grade 0/1 -RRB- was documented in 21 -LRB- 32 % -RRB- of the 65 Group 1 patients , 5 -LRB- 10 % -RRB- of the 50 Group 2 patients , and 9 -LRB- 15.5 % -RRB- of the 58 Group 3 patients . Severe -LRB- Grade 3/4 -RRB- deficits affected 25 % of Group 1 , 54 % of Group 2 , and 50 % of Group 3 patients . Patients < 5 years at diagnosis had greater ototoxicity than older patients had , with adolescents/adults being the least affected . Findings were stable in repeated assessments over 2 or more years . Ototoxicity is a serious and pervasive problem in this patient population . Strategies to ameliorate ototoxicity without compromising on antitumor activity of treatments are urgently needed . Platinum-based therapy is the mainstay for management of high-risk neuroblastoma . Prevalence of platinum-related ototoxicity has ranged from 13 % to 95 % in previous reports ; variability is attributable to small samples and disparate grading scales . There is no consensus regarding optimal ototoxicity grading . Furthermore , prevalence and predictors of hearing loss in a large uniformly treated high-risk neuroblastoma population are unknown . We address these gaps in our study . Audiologic testing was completed after administration of cisplatin alone -LRB- < 400 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- ; exposure one -RRB- or after cisplatin -LRB- 400 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- plus carboplatin -LRB- 1,700 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- ; exposure two -RRB- . Hearing loss was graded using four scales -LRB- American Speech-Language-Hearing Association ; Brock ; Chang ; and Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events , version 3 -LSB- CTCAEv3 -RSB- -RRB- . Of 489 eligible patients , 333 had evaluable audiologic data . Median age at diagnosis was 3.3 years . Prevalence of severe hearing loss differed by scale . For those in the exposure-one group , prevalence ranged from 8 % per Brock to 47 % per CTCAEv3 -LRB- Brock v CTCAEv3 and Chang , P < .01 ; CTCAEv3 v Chang , P = .16 -RRB- ; for those in the exposure-two group , prevalence ranged from 30 % per Brock to 71 % per CTCAEv3 -LRB- all pair-wise comparisons , P < .01 -RRB- . In patients requiring hearing aids , hearing loss was graded as severe in 49 % -LRB- Brock -RRB- , 91 % -LRB- Chang -RRB- , and 100 % -LRB- CTCAEv3 -RRB- . Risk factors for severe hearing loss included exposure to cisplatin and carboplatin compared with cisplatin alone and hospitalization for infection . Severe hearing loss is prevalent among children with high-risk neuroblastoma . Exposure to cisplatin combined with myeloablative carboplatin significantly increases risk . The Brock scale underestimates severe hearing loss and should be used with caution in this setting .
In men with localised prostate cancer , conformal radiotherapy -LRB- CFRT -RRB- could deliver higher doses of radiation than does standard-dose conventional radical external-beam radiotherapy , and could improve long-term efficacy , potentially at the cost of increased toxicity . We aimed to present the first analyses of effectiveness from the MRC RT01 randomised controlled trial . The MRC RT01 trial included 843 men with localised prostate cancer who were randomly assigned to standard-dose CFRT or escalated-dose CFRT , both administered with neoadjuvant androgen suppression . Primary endpoints were biochemical-progression-free survival -LRB- bPFS -RRB- , freedom from local progression , metastases-free survival , overall survival , and late toxicity scores . The toxicity scores were measured with questionnaires for physicians and patients that included the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group -LRB- RTOG -RRB- , the Late Effects on Normal Tissue : Subjective/Objective/Management -LRB- LENT/SOM -RRB- scales , and the University of California , Los Angeles Prostate Cancer Index -LRB- UCLA PCI -RRB- scales . Analysis was done by intention to treat . This trial is registered at the Current Controlled Trials website http://www.controlled-trials.com/ISRCTN47772397 . Between January , 1998 , and December , 2002 , 843 men were randomly assigned to escalated-dose CFRT -LRB- n = 422 -RRB- or standard-dose CFRT -LRB- n = 421 -RRB- . In the escalated group , the hazard ratio -LRB- HR -RRB- for bPFS was 0.67 -LRB- 95 % CI 0.53-0.85 , p = 0.0007 -RRB- . We noted 71 % bPFS -LRB- 108 cumulative events -RRB- and 60 % bPFS -LRB- 149 cumulative events -RRB- by 5 years in the escalated and standard groups , respectively . HR for clinical progression-free survival was 0.69 -LRB- 0.47-1.02 ; p = 0.064 -RRB- ; local control was 0.65 -LRB- 0.36-1.18 ; p = 0.16 -RRB- ; freedom from salvage androgen suppression was 0.78 -LRB- 0.57-1.07 ; p = 0.12 -RRB- ; and metastases-free survival was 0.74 -LRB- 0.47-1.18 ; p = 0.21 -RRB- . HR for late bowel toxicity in the escalated group was 1.47 -LRB- 1.12-1.92 -RRB- according to the RTOG -LRB- grade > / = 2 -RRB- scale ; 1.44 -LRB- 1.16-1.80 -RRB- according to the LENT/SOM -LRB- grade > / = 2 -RRB- scales ; and 1.28 -LRB- 1.03-1.60 -RRB- according to the UCLA PCI -LRB- score > / = 30 -RRB- scale . 33 % of the escalated and 24 % of the standard group reported late bowel toxicity within 5 years of starting treatment . HR for late bladder toxicity according to the RTOG -LRB- grade > / = 2 -RRB- scale was 1.36 -LRB- 0.90-2.06 -RRB- , but this finding was not supported by the LENT/SOM -LRB- grade > / = 2 -RRB- scales -LRB- HR 1.07 -LSB- 0.90-1.29 -RSB- -RRB- , nor the UCLA PCI -LRB- score > / = 30 -RRB- scale -LRB- HR 1.05 -LSB- 0.81-1.36 -RSB- -RRB- . Escalated-dose CFRT with neoadjuvant androgen suppression seems clinically worthwhile in terms of bPFS , progression-free survival , and decreased use of salvage androgen suppression . This additional efficacy is offset by an increased incidence of longer term adverse events . Purpose Men with localized prostate cancer often are treated with external radiotherapy -LRB- RT -RRB- over 8 to 9 weeks . Hypofractionated RT is given over a shorter time with larger doses per treatment than standard RT. . We hypothesized that hypofractionation versus conventional fractionation is similar in efficacy without increased toxicity . Patients and Methods We conducted a multicenter randomized noninferiority trial in intermediate-risk prostate cancer -LRB- T1 to 2a , Gleason score ≤ 6 , and prostate-specific antigen -LSB- PSA -RSB- 10.1 to 20 ng/mL ; T2b to 2c , Gleason ≤ 6 , and PSA ≤ 20 ng/mL ; or T1 to 2 , Gleason = 7 , and PSA ≤ 20 ng/mL -RRB- . Patients were allocated to conventional RT of 78 Gy in 39 fractions over 8 weeks or to hypofractionated RT of 60 Gy in 20 fractions over 4 weeks . The noninferiority margin was 7.5 % -LRB- hazard ratio , < 1.32 -RRB- . Results Median follow-up was 6.0 years . One hundred nine of 608 patients in the hypofractionated arm versus 117 of 598 in the standard arm experienced BCF . Most of the events were PSA failures . The 5-year BCF disease-free survival was 85 % in both arms -LRB- hazard ratio -LSB- short v standard -RSB- , 0.96 ; 90 % CI , 0.77 to 1.2 -RRB- . Ten deaths as a result of prostate cancer occurred in the short arm and 12 in the standard arm . No significant differences were detected between arms for grade ≥ 3 late genitourinary and GI toxicity . Conclusion The hypofractionated RT regimen used in this trial was not inferior to conventional RT and was not associated with increased late toxicity . Hypofractionated RT is more convenient for patients and should be considered for intermediate-risk prostate cancer .
This study was designed to examine the effects of destroying the posterior approaches to the atrioventricular -LRB- AV -RRB- node . Surgical and catheter ablation procedures have been developed for the cure of AV junctional reentrant tachycardia . Some of these destroy the posterior approaches to the AV node . Atrioventricular node function and electrical excitation of Koch 's triangle and the proximal coronary sinus were examined in 18 dogs . Dissection of the posterior atrionodal connections was performed in 10 dogs and a sham procedure in 8 . After 28 to 35 days , repeat electrophysiologic and mapping studies were performed to assess changes in AV node function and the routes of AV and ventriculoatrial -LRB- VA -RRB- conduction . The AV junction was then examined with light microscopy . The compact AV node was undamaged in eight cases -LRB- 80 % -RRB- . In two cases minor fibrosis occurred at the posterior limit of the compact node . The right-sided posterior atrionodal connections lying between the coronary sinus orifice and the tricuspid annulus were replaced by scar tissue in all cases , but the left-sided posterior connections and the anterior connections remained intact . Atrioventricular and VA conduction intervals and refractory periods were not altered . Atrioventricular junctional echoes were present in 10 dogs before and in 7 dogs after dissection -LRB- p = 0.06 -RRB- . Posterior -LRB- slow pathway -RRB- retrograde exists from the AV node were present in seven dogs before and in seven dogs after dissection . However , retrograde atrial excitation was altered in four of these seven dogs , so that the site of exit from the AV node was more leftward than it had been preoperatively . The node remained responsive to autonomic blocking drugs postoperatively . Double atrial electrograms similar to slow pathway potentials were found in all dogs . This procedure ablates the posterior atrionodal connections but rarely damages the compact AV node . Atrioventricular node function is not impaired and the node is not denervated . The mechanism of cure of AV junctional reentrant tachycardia is probably damage to the perinodal atrium . This suggests that part of the slow AV node pathway may lie outside the compact AV node . Dual AV node exits and double atrial electrograms are present in the normal canine heart . Catheter ablation procedures have revived interest in the detailed anatomy of the specialized atrioventricular -LRB- AV -RRB- septal junctional area . The compact AV node usually is considered to have a blunt posterior end . The objective of this study was to reconstruct the human compact AV node in relation to the landmarks of Koch 's triangle , with emphasis on its posterior extension . In 21 hearts obtained from autopsies , the AV nodal septal junctional area was removed en bloc , serially sectioned , and reconstructed . None of the hearts showed a blunt posterior ending of the compact AV node ; 13 showed posterior extensions on both the right and left sides ; 7 had a rightward posterior extension only ; and 1 heart showed a single leftward extension . Hence , a rightward posterior extension was present in 20 of 21 hearts . The mean length of the right posterior extension was 4.4 + / -2.0 mm ; that of the leftward posterior extension was 1.8 + / -0.9 mm . The human compact AV node contains rightward and leftward posterior extensions , with the right extension close to the tricuspid annulus . It is tempting to speculate that these extensions are involved in `` slow pathway '' conduction . Radiofrequency catheter ablation or modification of the slow pathway is almost always performed on the right atrial side of the interatrial septum , however , this is not possible in rare cases . We evaluated the clinical and electrophysiological characteristics and long-term follow-up results of patients whose AVNRT could only be ablated from the left posterior atrial septum after repeated unsuccessful attempts on the right atrial side and to observe if they differ from those undergoing ablation with the conventional right-sided approach . Of 587 cases with symptomatic typical AVNRT , 9 patients -LRB- 1.5 % -RRB- in whom RF energy delivered to the right atrial septum with the integrated approach failed to ablate or modify the slow pathway were enrolled in the study group -LRB- group 1 -RRB- while the others served as controls -LRB- group 2 -RRB- . There was no significant difference between the groups regarding clinical characteristics , dual AV nodal physiology , sinus cycle lengths , AH and HV intervals , procedural complication rates , or recurrence rates in the mean follow-up duration of 34 + / - 11 months . Only tachycardia cycle length -LRB- TCL -RRB- was significantly higher in group 1 than in group 2 , which was mainly due to the difference in AH intervals -LRB- P < 0.001 for both -RRB- . Slow pathway ablation was performed at the posteroseptal aspect of the mitral annulus in 6 and the midseptal aspect in 2 cases . In 1 case , attempts at ablation on the left atrial septum also failed . When the conventional right-sided approach fails to ablate or modify the slow pathway conduction , left-sided ablation can safely and effectively be employed , with success rates and long-term follow-up results comparable to the conventional right-sided approach . Slow pathway ablation or modification eliminates typical atrioventricular nodal re-entrant tachycardia -LRB- AVNRT -RRB- , but in less than 5 % of patients can not be accomplished from the right side . Consecutive , consenting patients -LRB- n = 221 -RRB- , aged 37 ± 7 years , 177 women , with slow-fast AVNRT , underwent slow pathway ablation . Mapping was restricted to the inferior part of the triangle of Koch , and end-points of ablation were induction of a junctional rhythm with retrograde atrial conduction and non-inducibility of AVNRT . Unsuccessful cases were ablated via a transeptal
The relationship between renal insufficiency and amino-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide -LRB- NT-proBNP -RRB- levels remains unclear . We examined this relationship in the context of patients who presented to the emergency department of an urban tertiary care medical center with dyspnea . Even in the presence of renal insufficiency , NT-proBNP remained a valuable tool for the diagnosis of acute congestive heart failure and it provides important prognostic information . We sought to examine the interaction between renal function and amino-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide -LRB- NT-proBNP -RRB- levels . The effects of renal insufficiency on NT-proBNP among patients with and without acute congestive heart failure -LRB- CHF -RRB- are controversial . We examined the effects of kidney disease on NT-proBNP-based CHF diagnosis and prognosis . A total of 599 dyspneic patients with glomerular filtration rates -LRB- GFRs -RRB- as low as 14.8 ml/min were analyzed . We used multivariate logistic regression to examine covariates associated with NT-proBNP results and linear regression analysis to analyze associations between NT-proBNP and GFR . Receiver-operating characteristic analysis determined the sensitivity and specificity of NT-proBNP for CHF diagnosis . We also assessed 60-day mortality rates as a function of NT-proBNP concentration . Glomerular filtration rates ranged from 15 ml/min/1 .73 m2 to 252 ml/min/1 .73 m2 . Renal insufficiency was associated with risk factors for CHF , and patients with renal insufficiency were more likely to have CHF -LRB- all p < 0.003 -RRB- . Worse renal function was accompanied by cardiac structural and functional abnormalities on echocardiography . We found that NT-proBNP and GFR were inversely and independently related -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- and that NT-proBNP values of > 450 pg/ml for patients ages < 50 years and > 900 pg/ml for patients > or = 50 years had a sensitivity of 85 % and a specificity of 88 % for diagnosing acute CHF among subjects with GFR > or = 60 ml/min/1 .73 m2 . Using a cut point of 1,200 pg/ml for subjects with GFR < 60 ml/min/1 .73 m2 , we found sensitivity and specificity to be 89 % and 72 % , respectively . We found that NT-proBNP was the strongest overall independent risk factor for 60-day mortality -LRB- hazard ratio 1.57 ; 95 % confidence interval 1.2 to 2.0 ; p = 0.0004 -RRB- and remained so even in those with GFR < 60 ml/min/1 .73 m2 -LRB- hazard ratio 1.61 ; 95 % confidence interval 1.14 to 2.26 ; p = 0.006 -RRB- . The use of NT-proBNP testing is valuable for the evaluation of the dyspneic patient with suspected CHF , irrespective of renal function . The purpose of this study was to evaluate the prognostic importance of novel markers of renal dysfunction among patients with acutely destabilized heart failure -LRB- ADHF -RRB- . β-trace protein -LRB- BTP -RRB- and cystatin C are newer biomarkers for renal dysfunction ; the prognostic importance of these tests , particularly BTP , relative to standard measures of renal function remains unclear . A total of 220 consecutive hospitalized patients with ADHF were prospectively studied . Blood samples were collected on presentation . In-hospital worsening renal function , as well as mortality and/or heart failure -LRB- HF -RRB- hospitalization , over a median follow-up period of 500 days was examined as a function of BTP or cystatin C concentrations ; results were compared with creatinine , estimated glomerular filtration rate , and blood urea nitrogen . Neither BTP nor cystatin C was associated with worsening renal function during the index hospitalization . A total of 116 patients -LRB- 53 % -RRB- either died or were hospitalized for HF during follow-up . Those with adverse outcomes had higher BTP -LRB- 1.04 mg/l -LSB- range 0.80 to 1.49 mg/l -RSB- vs. 0.88 mg/l -LSB- range 0.68 to 1.17 mg/l -RSB- , p = 0.003 -RRB- and cystatin C -LRB- 1.29 mg/l -LSB- range 1.00 to 1.71 mg/l -RSB- vs. 1.03 mg/l -LSB- range 0.86 to 1.43 mg/l -RSB- , p = 0.001 -RRB- . After multivariable adjustment , both BTP -LRB- hazard ratio : 1.41 , 95 % confidence interval : 1.06 to 1.88 ; p = 0.018 -RRB- and cystatin C -LRB- hazard ratio : 1.50 , 95 % confidence interval : 1.13 to 2.01 ; p = 0.006 -RRB- were significant predictors of death/HF hospitalization , whereas serum creatinine , estimated glomerular filtration rate , and blood urea nitrogen were no longer significant . In patients with an estimated glomerular filtration rate > 60 ml/min/1 .73 m -LRB- 2 -RRB- , elevated concentrations of BTP and cystatin C were still associated with significantly higher risk of adverse clinical events -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . Net reclassification index analysis suggested cystatin C and BTP deliver comparable information regarding prognosis . Among patients hospitalized with ADHF , BTP and cystatin C predict risk of death and/or HF hospitalization and are superior to standard measures of renal function for this indication . The cardiorenal syndrome -LRB- CRS -RRB- is a disorder of the heart and kidneys whereby acute or chronic dysfunction in one organ may induce acute or chronic dysfunction of the other . The general definition has been expanded into five subtypes reflecting the primacy of organ dysfunction and the time-frame of the syndrome : CRS type 1 = acute worsening of heart function leading to kidney injury and/or dysfunction ; CRS type 2 = chronic abnormalities in heart function leading to kidney injury or dysfunction ; CRS type 3 = acute worsening of kidney function leading to heart injury and/or dysfunction ; CRS type 4 = chronic kidney disease leading to heart injury , disease and/or dysfunction , and CRS type 5 = systemic conditions leading to simultaneous injury and/or dysfunction of heart and kidney . Different pathophysiological mechanisms are involved in the combined dysfunction of heart and kidney in these five types of the syndrome . Worsening renal function during treatment of acute decompensated heart failure -LRB- ADHF -RRB-
Cortical lCMRGlc in hypometabolic zones was within 2 standard deviations of the mean for normal temporal cortex in all but 8 patients . However , in 24 patients asymmetry between the hypometabolic cortex and homologous contralateral cortex was more than 2 standard deviations above the mean cortical asymmetry for normals . There was good correlation between hypometabolic zones and electroencephalogram -LRB- EEG -RRB- foci in patients with unilateral well-defined EEG foci . Diffuse or shifting EEG abnormalities were often associated with normal PET scans . Of 28 patients who underwent magnetic resonance imaging , 10 showed focal temporal lobe abnormalities corresponding to focal hypometabolism . While the -LSB- 18F -RSB- FDG PET scan can not currently localize an epileptogenic zone independently , the absence of focal hypometabolism or its presence contralateral to a presumed EEG focus suggests the need for additional electrophysiological data . Focal , secondarily generalizing , epileptic seizures were released by magnetic stimulation in a patient with focal epilepsy . The stimulation induced seizures had a similar clinical appearance to the patient 's spontaneous seizures . They were released exclusively by an angulated `` figure-of-8 '' coil which stimulates the brain more focally as compared to the commonly used flat round coil . The epileptic focus could be located in the left frontal cortex by electroencephalographic recordings , by magnetic resonance and by positron emission tomography imaging . Functional assessment of the motor system by transcranial magnetic stimulation -LRB- TMS -RRB- disclosed markedly prolonged electrical silence of contralesional electromyographic activity following the early excitation . This is the first EMG-documented demonstration of a focal motor seizure directly triggered by magnetic brain stimulation . To address concerns about possible increases in rates of sudden unexplained death -LRB- SUD -RRB- after use of new anticonvulsants , more information on the rate of SUD among subjects with refractory epilepsy is needed to provide a comparison . We conducted a study to estimate the incidence of SUD among subjects younger than 50 years with refractory epilepsy , by using information from the General Practice Research Database -LRB- GPRD -RRB- in the United Kingdom . For the purposes of this study , subjects receiving two or more anticonvulsant drugs concurrently were considered to have refractory epilepsy . Potential cases of SUD were identified from the computer records , and clinical records for these subjects were reviewed by two specialists in SUD in epilepsy . Fifteen subjects -LRB- eight male , seven female -RRB- of the 4,150 subjects with refractory epilepsy were considered to have definite/probable or possible SUD .
Central neuropathic pain -LRB- CNP -RRB- occurs in many multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- patients . The provision of adequate pain relief to these patients can very difficult . Here we report the first phase III placebo-controlled study of the efficacy of the endocannabinoid system modulator delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol -LRB- THC -RRB- / cannabidiol -LRB- CBD -RRB- oromucosal spray -LRB- USAN name , nabiximols ; Sativex , GW Pharmaceuticals , Salisbury , Wiltshire , UK -RRB- , to alleviate CNP . Patients who had failed to gain adequate analgesia from existing medication were treated with THC/CBD spray or placebo as an add-on treatment , in a double-blind manner , for 14 weeks to investigate the efficacy of the medication in MS-induced neuropathic pain . This parallel-group phase of the study was then followed by an 18-week randomized-withdrawal study -LRB- 14-week open-label treatment period plus a double-blind 4-week randomized-withdrawal phase -RRB- to investigate time to treatment failure and show maintenance of efficacy . A total of 339 patients were randomized to phase A -LRB- 167 received THC/CBD spray and 172 received placebo -RRB- . Of those who completed phase A , 58 entered the randomized-withdrawal phase . However , an interim analysis at week 10 showed a statistically significant treatment difference in favor of THC/CBD spray at this time point -LRB- p = 0.046 -RRB- . The mean change from baseline in Pain Numerical Rating Scale -LRB- NRS -RRB- -LRB- p = 0.028 -RRB- and sleep quality NRS -LRB- p = 0.015 -RRB- scores , both secondary endpoints in phase B , were also statistically significant compared to placebo , with estimated treatment differences of -0.79 and 0.99 points , respectively , in favor of THC/CBD spray treatment . The results of the current investigation were equivocal , with conflicting findings in the two phases of the study . While there were a large proportion of responders to THC/CBD spray treatment during the phase A double-blind period , the primary endpoint was not met due to a similarly large number of placebo responders . In contrast , there was a marked effect in phase B of the study , with an increased time to treatment failure in the THC/CBD spray group compared to placebo . These findings suggest that further studies are required to explore the full potential of THC/CBD spray in these patients .
The cause of chronic myeloid leukemia -LRB- CML -RRB- is a constitutively active BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase . Imatinib inhibits this kinase , and in a short-term study was superior to interferon alfa plus cytarabine for newly diagnosed CML in the chronic phase . For 5 years , we followed patients with CML who received imatinib as initial therapy . We randomly assigned 553 patients to receive imatinib and 553 to receive interferon alfa plus cytarabine and then evaluated them for overall and event-free survival ; progression to accelerated-phase CML or blast crisis ; hematologic , cytogenetic , and molecular responses ; and adverse events . The median follow-up was 60 months . Kaplan-Meier estimates of cumulative best rates of complete cytogenetic response among patients receiving imatinib were 69 % by 12 months and 87 % by 60 months . An estimated 7 % of patients progressed to accelerated-phase CML or blast crisis , and the estimated overall survival of patients who received imatinib as initial therapy was 89 % at 60 months . Patients who had a complete cytogenetic response or in whom levels of BCR-ABL transcripts had fallen by at least 3 log had a significantly lower risk of disease progression than did patients without a complete cytogenetic response -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Grade 3 or 4 adverse events diminished over time , and there was no clinically significant change in the profile of adverse events . After 5 years of follow-up , continuous treatment of chronic-phase CML with imatinib as initial therapy was found to induce durable responses in a high proportion of patients . -LRB- ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00006343 -LSB- ClinicalTrials.gov -RSB- . -RRB- Ponatinib is a potent oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor of unmutated and mutated BCR-ABL , including BCR-ABL with the tyrosine kinase inhibitor-refractory threonine-to-isoleucine mutation at position 315 -LRB- T315I -RRB- . We conducted a phase 2 trial of ponatinib in patients with chronic myeloid leukemia -LRB- CML -RRB- or Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia -LRB- Ph-positive ALL -RRB- . We enrolled 449 heavily pretreated patients who had CML or Ph-positive ALL with resistance to or unacceptable side effects from dasatinib or nilotinib or who had the BCR-ABL T315I mutation . Ponatinib was administered at an initial dose of 45 mg once daily . The median follow-up was 15 months . Among 267 patients with chronic-phase CML , 56 % had a major cytogenetic response -LRB- 51 % of patients with resistance to or unacceptable side effects from dasatinib or nilotinib and 70 % of patients with the T315I mutation -RRB- , 46 % had a complete cytogenetic response -LRB- 40 % and 66 % in the two subgroups , respectively -RRB- , and 34 % had a major molecular response -LRB- 27 % and 56 % in the two subgroups , respectively -RRB- . Responses were observed regardless of the baseline BCR-ABL kinase domain mutation status and were durable ; the estimated rate of a sustained major cytogenetic response of at least 12 months was 91 % . No single BCR-ABL mutation conferring resistance to ponatinib was detected . Among 83 patients with accelerated-phase CML , 55 % had a major hematologic response and 39 % had a major cytogenetic response . Among 62 patients with blast-phase CML , 31 % had a major hematologic response and 23 % had a major cytogenetic response . Among 32 patients with Ph-positive ALL , 41 % had a major hematologic response and 47 % had a major cytogenetic response . Common adverse events were thrombocytopenia -LRB- in 37 % of patients -RRB- , rash -LRB- in 34 % -RRB- , dry skin -LRB- in 32 % -RRB- , and abdominal pain -LRB- in 22 % -RRB- . Ponatinib had significant antileukemic activity across categories of disease stage and mutation status . -LRB- Funded by Ariad Pharmaceuticals and others ; PACE ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT01207440 . -RRB- .
In this article , we advance a unified hypothesis pertaining to combined dysfunction of dopamine and N-methyl-D-aspartate glutamate receptors that highlights N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor hypofunction as a key mechanism that can help explain major clinical and pathophysiological aspects of schizophrenia . The following fundamental features of schizophrenia are accommodated by this hypothesis : -LRB- 1 -RRB- the occurrence of structural brain changes during early development that have the potential for producing subsequent clinical manifestations of schizophrenia , -LRB- 2 -RRB- a quiescent period in infancy and adolescence before clinical manifestations are expressed , -LRB- 3 -RRB- onset in early adulthood of psychotic symptoms , -LRB- 4 -RRB- involvement of dopamine -LRB- D2 -RRB- receptors in some cases but not others that would explain why some but not all patients are responsive to typical neuroleptic therapy , and -LRB- 5 -RRB- ongoing neurodegenerative changes and cognitive deterioration in some patients . We propose that since N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor hypofunction can cause psychosis in humans and corticolimbic neurodegenerative changes in the rat brain , and since these changes are prevented by certain antipsychotic drugs , including atypical neuroleptic agents -LRB- clozapine , olanzapine , fluperlapine -RRB- , a better understanding of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor hypofunction mechanism and ways of preventing its neurodegenerative consequences in the rat brain may lead to improved pharmacotherapy in schizophrenia . We found significantly higher levels of cerebrospinal fluid alanine , glycine , leucine , and phenylalanine in schizophrenic patients compared to healthy controls . Ventricular enlargement was present in 4 of 11 schizophrenics , and elevated CSF alanine was highly correlated with ventricular enlargement . The implications of these findings are discussed . We have measured the concentrations of glycine and its potential precursors , serine and threonine , in 20 areas of the postmortem brains of chronic schizophrenics and controls using high-performance liquid chromatography by pre-column derivatization with dimethyl-amino-azobenzene sulphonyl chloride . The regional distribution pattern of glycine in the postmortem brains with and without the disease was more similar to that of serine -LRB- r = 0.874 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- than to that of threonine -LRB- r = 0.476 , P < 0.01 -RRB- . A multiple regression analysis with regressor variables including diagnosis , age at death and interval between death and freezing revealed that there is a significant difference between schizophrenics and controls in the contents of these amino acids in a number of brain areas . The level of glycine in the orbitofrontal cortex of schizophrenics was found to be significantly increased in schizophrenics , with a tendency to an increase in that of serine . The increase in glycine was also significantly high in the off-drug group of schizophrenics who had not taken antipsychotics more than 40 days before death . Prominent decreases in both glycine and serine were observed in the somesthetic cortex of the on-drug schizophrenics . Serine was found to be significantly decreased in the putamen of the off-drug schizophrenics . A marked decrease in threonine was also observed in the supramarginal cortex and posterior portion of the lateral occipitotemporal cortex of the off-drug group of schizophrenics and in the putamen of all schizophrenics . The highly similar distribution pattern of glycine and serine in the postmortem brains supports the close coupling of synthesis and metabolism between these chemicals in human brains . The increased content of glycine in the orbitofrontal cortex , the reduced level of serine in the putamen and the decrease in threonine in the cerebral cortices , which were prominent in the off-drug schizophrenics , may be involved in the pathophysiology of schizophrenia . Glycine , a small nonessential amino acid , functions as an obligatory coagonist at NMDA receptors through its action at a strychnine-insensitive binding site on the NMDA receptor complex . Glycine-induced augmentation of NMDA receptor-mediated neurotransmission may thus offer a potentially safe and feasible approach for ameliorating persistent negative symptoms of schizophrenia . Twenty-two treatment-resistant schizophrenic patients participated in a double-blind , placebo-controlled , 6-week , crossover treatment trial with 0.8 g/kg per day of glycine added to their ongoing antipsychotic medication . Clinical assessments , including the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale -LRB- BPRS -RRB- , the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale -LRB- PANSS -RRB- , the Simpson-Angus Scale for Extrapyramidal Symptoms , and the Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale , were performed biweekly throughout the study . Glycine treatment was well tolerated and induced increased glycine -LRB- P = .001 -RRB- and serine -LRB- P = .001 -RRB- serum levels . Glycine administration resulted in -LRB- 1 -RRB- a significant -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- 30 % + / -16 % reduction in negative symptoms , as measured by the PANSS , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- a significant -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- 30 % + / -18 % improvement in the BPRS total scores . The improvement in negative symptoms was unrelated to alterations in extrapyramidal effects or symptoms of depression . Low pretreatment glycine serum levels significantly predicted -LRB- r = 0.80 -RRB- clinical response . These findings support hypoglutamatergic hypotheses of schizophrenia and suggest a novel approach for the pharmacotherapy of negative symptoms associated with this illness . The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of high-dose oral glycine on positive and negative symptoms and cognitive function when added to clozapine in adults with schizophrenia . The authors conducted a double-blind , placebo-controlled , parallel-group trial of 60 g/day of glycine added to clozapine for 8 weeks in 30 adults with schizophrenia . Clinical ratings were performed every 2 weeks . Twenty-seven patients completed the trial . Glycine augmentation of clozapine produced no statistically significant change in positive or negative symptoms or cognitive functioning . No subjects showed clinically significant worsening of clinical ratings . These data , combined with data from previous trials with D-cycloserine and glycine , suggest that agonists at the glycine site may be less effective when combined with clozapine than they are when combined with conventional antipsychotics . A
To compare apelin-13 , a ligand of G-protein-coupled receptor which has been shown to be involved in retinal angiogenesis , and vascular endothelial growth factor -LRB- VEGF -RRB- serum levels in type 2 diabetes mellitus -LRB- T2DM -RRB- with or without retinopathy , and to investigate the relationship between the serum concentration of apelin-13 and diabetes retinopathy . Sixty-nine patients with T2DM were enrolled . Of the 69 patients , 16 had proliferative diabetic retinopathy -LRB- PDR group -RRB- , 23 had non-PDR -LRB- NPDR group -RRB- and 30 had no retinopathy -LRB- T2DM group -RRB- . Subjects ' information , including demographics , medical history , and use of medications were recorded . Their serum samples were collected for measuring the levels of C-reactive protein -LRB- CRP -RRB- , serum lipid and glycosylated hemoglobin . Apelin-13 and VEGF serum levels were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay . Kruskal-Wallis test and one-way ANOVA were used to compare the differences among these groups . Chi-square test was used to assess categorical variables . Correlations between variables were investigated by Spearman rho correlation test and stepwise regression analysis . All statistical analyses were performed through SPSS 17.0 software . Sex , age , body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- , blood pressure , CRP , hemoglobin A1c -LRB- HbA1c -RRB- have no significantly difference in the three groups . Serum level of apelin-13 was significantly elevated in PDR group as compared with T2DM group -LRB- P = 0.041 -RRB- . Differences of VEGF serum concentration in the three groups were statistically significant -LRB- P = 0.007 , P = 0.007 and P < 0.001 , respectively -RRB- . Spearman rho correlation test showed that serum apelin-13 was positively correlated with BMI , serum triglycerides , VEGF , but not with age , duration of diabetes , blood pressure , CRP , HbA1c and total-cholesterol . Stepwise regression analysis showed that BMI also significantly associated with serum apelin-13 -LRB- P = 0.002 -RRB- , while VEGF and serum triglycerides were irrelevant . This study elucidated a positive association of apelin-13 serum level with PDR , but not with VEGF . Apelin-13 may influence the promotion of PDR but unrelated with VEGF . Altered serum nitric oxide -LRB- NO -RRB- levels in patients with diabetes mellitus -LRB- DM -RRB- have been reported by different studies ; however , results are still controversial . Until this date , no meta-analysis evaluated the association of NO levels with DM . Thus , this paper describes a meta-analysis conducted to evaluate if there is a relationship between NO levels and type 1 DM -LRB- T1DM -RRB- or type 2 DM -LRB- T2DM -RRB- . A literature search was done to identify all studies that investigated NO levels between T1DM or T2DM patients -LRB- cases -RRB- and non-diabetic subjects -LRB- controls -RRB- . Measurement of nitrate and nitrite -LRB- NOx - the stable NO products -RRB- were used to estimate NO concentrations because they closely reflect NO bioavailability . Weighted mean differences -LRB- WMD -RRB- of NOx levels between case and control samples were calculated for T1DM and T2DM groups . Thirty studies were eligible for inclusion in the meta-analysis -LRB- 8 in T1DM samples and 22 in T2DM samples -RRB- . NOx levels were increased in European T1DM patients compared with controls -LSB- random effect model -LRB- REM -RRB- WMD = 8.55 , 95 % CI 2.88 - 14.21 -RSB- . No other ethnicity was evaluated in T1DM studies . NOx levels were also increased in both European -LRB- REM WMD = 18.76 , 95 % CI 1.67 - 35.85 -RRB- and Asian -LRB- REM WMD = 18.41 , 95 % CI 8.01 - 28.81 -RRB- T2DM patients , but not in Latin American patients compared with controls . This meta-analysis detected a significant increase in NOx levels in European T1DM patients as well as European and Asian T2DM patients . Further studies in other ethnicities are necessary to confirm these data . Hyperoxia exposure of premature infants causes obliteration of the immature retinal microvessels , leading to a condition of proliferative vitreoretinal neovascularization termed retinopathy of prematurity -LRB- ROP -RRB- . Previous work has demonstrated that the hyperoxia-induced vascular injury is mediated by dysfunction of endothelial nitric oxide synthase resulting in peroxynitrite formation . This study was undertaken to determine the involvement of the ureahydrolase enzyme arginase in this pathology . Studies were performed using hyperoxia-treated bovine retinal endothelial cells -LRB- BRE -RRB- and mice with oxygen-induced retinopathy -LRB- OIR -RRB- as experimental models of ROP . Treatment with the specific arginase inhibitor 2 -LRB- S -RRB- - amino-6-boronohexanoic acid -LRB- ABH -RRB- prevented hyperoxia-induced apoptosis of BRE cells and reduced vaso-obliteration in the OIR model . Furthermore , deletion of the arginase 2 gene protected against hyperoxia-induced vaso-obliteration , enhanced physiological vascular repair , and reduced retinal neovascularization in the OIR model . Additional deletion of one copy of arginase 1 did not improve the vascular pathology . Analyses of peroxynitrite by quantitation of its biomarker nitrotyrosine , superoxide by dihydroethidium imaging and NO formation by diaminofluoroscein imaging showed that the protective actions of arginase 2 deletion were associated with blockade of superoxide and peroxynitrite formation and normalization of NOS activity . Our data demonstrate the involvement of arginase activity and arginase 2 expression in hyperoxia-induced vascular injury . Arginase 2 deletion prevents hyperoxia-induced retinal vascular injury by preventing NOS uncoupling resulting in decreased reactive oxygen species formation and increased nitric oxide bioavailability . AIM . We aimed to determine the relation of asymmetric dimethyl arginine -LRB- ADMA -RRB- levels to atherosclerotic vascular disease and inflammation markers in type 2 diabetes . METHODS . We recruited 50 type 2 diabetic patients with atherosclerosis , 50 type 2 diabetic patients without atherosclerosis , and 31 healthy control patients into our study . We obtained fasting serum and plasma samples and measured HbA1c , fasting blood glucose , C-peptide , creatinine , total cholesterol , triglycerides ,
The antifibrinolytic drug tranexamic acid is currently being rediscovered for both trauma and major surgery . Intravenous administration reduces the need for blood transfusion and blood loss by about one-third , but routine administration in surgery is not yet advocated owing to concerns regarding thromboembolic events . The aim of this study was to investigate whether topical application of tranexamic acid to a wound surface reduces postoperative bleeding . This was a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial on 30 consecutive women undergoing bilateral reduction mammoplasty . On one side the wound surfaces were moistened with 25 mg/ml tranexamic acid before closure , and placebo -LRB- saline -RRB- was used on the other side . Drain fluid production was measured for 24 h after surgery , and pain was measured after 3 and 24 h. Postoperative complications including infection , seroma , rebleeding and suture reactions were recorded . Topical application of tranexamic acid to the wound surface after reduction mammoplasty reduced drain fluid production by 39 per cent -LRB- median 12 · 5 -LRB- range 0-44 -RRB- versus 20 · 5 -LRB- 0-100 -RRB- ml ; P = 0 · 038 -RRB- . Topical application of dilute tranexamic acid reduced bleeding in this model . The study adds to the evidence that this simple procedure may reduce wound bleeding after surgery . NCT01964781 -LRB- http://www.clinicaltrials.gov -RRB- .
For a variety of reasons , the overall oncologic management of children with low-grade astrocytomas is extremely controversial . This article analyzes the available information related to the management of various forms of low-grade astrocytoma in childhood while awaiting the performance of a long-term national cooperative study on the natural history and management of this common pediatric brain tumor . Anticancer cytotoxic agents go through a process by which their antitumor activity-on the basis of the amount of tumor shrinkage they could generate-has been investigated . In the late 1970s , the International Union Against Cancer and the World Health Organization introduced specific criteria for the codification of tumor response evaluation . In 1994 , several organizations involved in clinical research combined forces to tackle the review of these criteria on the basis of the experience and knowledge acquired since then . After several years of intensive discussions , a new set of guidelines is ready that will supersede the former criteria . In parallel to this initiative , one of the participating groups developed a model by which response rates could be derived from unidimensional measurement of tumor lesions instead of the usual bidimensional approach . This new concept has been largely validated by the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors Group and integrated into the present guidelines . This special article also provides some philosophic background to clarify the various purposes of response evaluation . It proposes a model by which a combined assessment of all existing lesions , characterized by target lesions -LRB- to be measured -RRB- and nontarget lesions , is used to extrapolate an overall response to treatment . Methods of assessing tumor lesions are better codified , briefly within the guidelines and in more detail in Appendix I. All other aspects of response evaluation have been discussed , reviewed , and amended whenever appropriate . Eligible patients received carboplatin 560 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- intravenously every 4 weeks for 1 year after maximum tumor response or until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity . Between October 1993 and October 2000 , 81 children -LRB- median age , 79 months ; range , 6 to 204 -RRB- were enrolled onto this study . Patients received a median of 11 cycles of carboplatin -LRB- range , one to 29 -RRB- . Median follow-up from the time of enrollment was 55 months -LRB- range , 10 to 93 -RRB- . The overall objective response -LRB- complete response -LSB- CR -RSB- + partial response -LSB- PR -RSB- + minor response -LSB- MR -RSB- -RRB- and disease stabilization -LRB- CR + PR + stable disease + MR -RRB- rates to carboplatin treatment were 28 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 18 % to 38 % -RRB- and 85 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 74 % to 93 % -RRB- , respectively . Eleven and 14 patients suffered progressive disease on study and after stopping therapy , respectively . Toxicity was predominantly myelosuppression and included grade 3/4 neutropenia in 56 patients and grade 3/4 thrombocytopenia in 40 patients . The 3-year failure-free survival -LRB- FFS -RRB- and overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- for all patients were 64 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 54 % to 76 % -RRB- and 84 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 76 % to 93 % -RRB- , respectively . Patients with diencephalic tumors had inferior FFS and OS compared with those with tumor at other sites -LRB- 38 % v 74 % for FFS , P = .011 ; 54 % v 91 % for OS , P = .004 -RRB- . Neurofibromatosis type 1 patients with progressive low-grade glioma had a significantly better OS -LRB- 95 % v 80 % ; P = .052 -RRB- . Carboplatin , in the schedule used in this study , produced disease stabilization or improvement in a majority of children with progressive low-grade glioma , with manageable toxicity . Improved treatment strategies are particularly required for patients with diencephalic tumors .
Alpha-band oscillations are the dominant oscillations in the human brain and recent evidence suggests that they have an inhibitory function . Nonetheless , there is little doubt that alpha-band oscillations also play an active role in information processing . In this article , I suggest that alpha-band oscillations have two roles -LRB- inhibition and timing -RRB- that are closely linked to two fundamental functions of attention -LRB- suppression and selection -RRB- , which enable controlled knowledge access and semantic orientation -LRB- the ability to be consciously oriented in time , space , and context -RRB- . As such , alpha-band oscillations reflect one of the most basic cognitive processes and can also be shown to play a key role in the coalescence of brain activity in different frequencies . Effective interpersonal communication depends on the ability to perceive and interpret nonverbal emotional expressions from multiple sensory modalities . Current theoretical models propose that visual and auditory emotion perception involves a network of brain regions including the primary sensory cortices , the superior temporal sulcus -LRB- STS -RRB- , and orbitofrontal cortex -LRB- OFC -RRB- . However , relatively little is known about how the dynamic interplay between these regions gives rise to the perception of emotions . In recent years , there has been increasing recognition of the importance of neural oscillations in mediating neural communication within and between functional neural networks . Here we review studies investigating changes in oscillatory activity during the perception of visual , auditory , and audiovisual emotional expressions , and aim to characterize the functional role of neural oscillations in nonverbal emotion perception . Findings from the reviewed literature suggest that theta band oscillations most consistently differentiate between emotional and neutral expressions . While early theta synchronization appears to reflect the initial encoding of emotionally salient sensory information , later fronto-central theta synchronization may reflect the further integration of sensory information with internal representations . Additionally , gamma synchronization reflects facilitated sensory binding of emotional expressions within regions such as the OFC , STS , and , potentially , the amygdala . However , the evidence is more ambiguous when it comes to the role of oscillations within the alpha and beta frequencies , which vary as a function of modality -LRB- or modalities -RRB- , presence or absence of predictive information , and attentional or task demands . Thus , the synchronization of neural oscillations within specific frequency bands mediates the rapid detection , integration , and evaluation of emotional expressions . Moreover , the functional coupling of oscillatory activity across multiples frequency bands supports a predictive coding model of multisensory emotion perception in which emotional facial and body expressions facilitate the processing of emotional vocalizations . To date , much is known about the neural mechanisms underlying working-memory -LRB- WM -RRB- maintenance and long-term-memory -LRB- LTM -RRB- encoding . However , these topics have typically been examined in isolation , and little is known about how these processes might interact . Here , we investigated whether EEG oscillations arising specifically during the delay of a delayed matching-to-sample task reflect successful LTM encoding . Given previous findings of increased alpha and theta power with increasing WM load , together with the assumption that successful memory encoding involves processes that are similar to those that are invoked by increasing WM load , alpha and theta power should be higher for subsequently remembered stimuli . Consistent with this assumption , we found stronger alpha power for subsequently remembered stimuli over occipital-to-parietal scalp sites . Furthermore , stronger theta power was found for subsequently remembered stimuli over parietal-to-central electrodes . These results support the idea that alpha and theta oscillations modulate successful LTM encoding . A wealth of data at the level of single neurons has yielded candidate brain areas and mechanisms for our best-understood model : visual attention . Recent work has naturally evolved toward efforts at a more integrative , network , understanding . It suggests that focusing attention arises from interactions between widespread cortical and subcortical networks that may be regulated via their rhythmic synchronization . Visual cortical areas subserve cognitive functions by interacting in both feedforward and feedback directions . We correlated frequency-specific directed influences among 28 pairs of visual areas with anatomical metrics of the feedforward or feedback character of the respective interareal projections . This revealed that in the primate visual system , feedforward influences are carried by theta-band -LRB- ∼ 4 Hz -RRB- and gamma-band -LRB- ∼ 60-80 Hz -RRB- synchronization , and feedback influences by beta-band -LRB- ∼ 14-18 Hz -RRB- synchronization . The functional directed influences constrain a functional hierarchy similar to the anatomical hierarchy , but exhibiting task-dependent dynamic changes in particular with regard to the hierarchical positions of frontal areas . Our results demonstrate that feedforward and feedback signaling use distinct frequency channels , suggesting that they subserve differential communication requirements . Electrocorticographic brain recordings in patients with surgically implanted electrodes have recently emerged as a powerful tool for examining the neural basis of human cognition . These recordings measure the electrical activity of the brain directly , and thus provide data with higher temporal and spatial resolution than other human neuroimaging techniques . Here we review recent research in this area and in particular we explain how electrocorticographic recordings have provided insight into the neural basis of human working memory , episodic memory , language , and spatial cognition . In some cases this research has identified patterns of human brain activity that were unexpected on the basis of studies in animals . The amygdala is a key structure for monitoring the relevance of environmental stimuli . Yet , little is known about the dynamics of its response to primary social cues such as gaze and emotion . Here , we examined evoked amygdala responses to gaze and facial emotion changes in five epileptic patients with intracerebral electrodes . Patients first viewed a neutral face that would then convey social cues : it turned
This study describes the results of a pilot test of Quit4baby , a smoking cessation text messaging program for pregnant smokers that was adapted from Text2quit . Pregnant women enrolled in Text4baby and who were current smokers or had quit within the last 4 weeks -LRB- n = 20 -RRB- were enrolled in Quit4baby . Participants were surveyed at baseline and at 2 and 4 weeks postenrollment . Most participants responded to the program favorably . Highly rated aspects included the content of the program , skills taught within the program , and encouragement and social support provided by the program . Participants reported that the program was helpful in quitting , that the program gave good ideas on quitting , and that they would recommend the program to a friend . Suggestions for improvement included increasing the message dose and making the quitpal more interactive . This pilot test provides support for the feasibility and acceptability of Quit4baby .
Many cross-sectional surveys have reported the prevalence of irritable bowel syndrome -LRB- IBS -RRB- , but there have been no recent systematic review of data from all studies to determine its global prevalence and risk factors . MEDLINE , EMBASE , and EMBASE Classic were searched -LRB- until October 2011 -RRB- to identify population-based studies that reported the prevalence of IBS in adults -LRB- ≥ 15 years old -RRB- ; IBS was defined by using specific symptom-based criteria or questionnaires . The prevalence of IBS was extracted for all studies and based on the criteria used to define it . Pooled prevalence , according to study location and certain other characteristics , odds ratios -LRB- ORs -RRB- , and 95 % confidence intervals -LRB- CIs -RRB- were calculated . Of the 390 citations evaluated , 81 reported the prevalence of IBS in 80 separate study populations containing 260,960 subjects . Pooled prevalence in all studies was 11.2 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 9.8 % -12.8 % -RRB- . The prevalence varied according to country -LRB- from 1.1 % to 45.0 % -RRB- and criteria used to define IBS . The greatest prevalence values were calculated when ≥ 3 Manning criteria were used -LRB- 14 % ; 95 % CI , 10.0 % -17.0 % -RRB- ; by using the Rome I and Rome II criteria , prevalence values were 8.8 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 6.8 % -11.2 % -RRB- and 9.4 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 7.8 % -11.1 % -RRB- , respectively . The prevalence was higher for women than men -LRB- OR , 1.67 ; 95 % CI , 1.53-1.82 -RRB- and lower for individuals older than 50 years , compared with those younger than 50 -LRB- OR , 0.75 ; 95 % CI , 0.62-0.92 -RRB- . There was no effect of socioeconomic status , but only 4 studies reported these data . The prevalence of IBS varies among countries , as well as criteria used to define its presence . Women are at slightly higher risk for IBS than men . The effects of socioeconomic status have not been well described . Irritable bowel syndrome -LRB- IBS -RRB- is a common gastrointestinal disorder that is characterized by chronic and recurrent abdominal symptoms with no associated organic abnormalities . Although IBS has traditionally been considered to be more common in western cultures , a review of the literature reveals that IBS is truly a worldwide illness , affecting people in many different cultural and geographic areas . According to this review , a reasonable range for the worldwide prevalence of IBS is between 5 and 15 % . Several theories for varying prevalence rates around the world are presented in this paper and methodological difficulties are discussed . Finally , this short review provides an analysis of cultural , biological , and socioeconomic differences in IBS presentation and treatment around the world . The pathogenesis and pathophysiology of irritable bowel syndrome is complex and still incompletely known . Potential pathogenetic factors include genes , infectious events , psychological symptoms and other loosely defined environmental factors . Both alterations at the central and peripheral level are thought to contribute to the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome , including psychosocial factors , abnormal gastrointestinal motility and secretion , and visceral hypersensitivity . Today irritable bowel syndrome is viewed upon as a disorder of dysregulation of the so-called brain-gut axis , involving abnormal function in the enteric , autonomic and/or central nervous systems , with peripheral abnormalities probably dominating in some patients and disturbed central processing of signals from the periphery in others . Lines of evidence also suggest that inflammation within the gastrointestinal tract may be of great importance in at least subgroups of irritable bowel syndrome patients . To conclude , a complex picture of the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of irritable bowel syndrome is emerging , with interactions between several different alterations resulting in the divergent symptom pattern in these patients . There is increasing evidence regarding the role of immune activation in the etiology of irritable bowel syndrome -LRB- IBS -RRB- , which has been mainly been shown in studies investigating mechanisms of postinfectious IBS -LRB- PI-IBS -RRB- . Exposure to intestinal infection induces persistent low-grade systemic and mucosal inflammation , which is characterized by an altered population of circulating cells , mucosal infiltration of immune cells and increased production of various cytokines in IBS patients . Recent studies have also indicated an increased innate immune response in these patients by evaluating expression and activation of Toll-like receptors -LRB- TLRs -RRB- . These findings suggest that immune activation may play a crucial role in the pathogenesis of IBS . In addition , psychological stress has been reported to be one of the factors that induces immune activation . However , it remains unknown whether immune activation in IBS patients is largely dependent on infectious gastroenteritis and/or psychological stress . Additional studies are necessary to understand the precise mechanism of immune activation and its relationship to the development of IBS . Irritable bowel syndrome -LRB- IBS -RRB- is a functional disorder of the gastrointestinal -LRB- GI -RRB- tract characterized by pain or discomfort from the lower abdominal region , which is associated with altered bowel habit . Despite its prevalence , there is currently a lack of effective treatment options for patients . IBS has long been considered as a neurological condition resulting from alterations in the brain gut axis , but immunological alterations are increasingly reported in IBS patients , consistent with the hypothesis that there is a chronic , but low-grade , immune activation . Mediators released by immune cells act to either dampen or amplify the activity of GI nerves . Release of a number of these mediators correlates with symptoms of IBS , highlighting the importance of interactions between the immune and the nervous systems . Investigation of the role of microbiota in these interactions is in its early stages
Transcranial direct current stimulation -LRB- tDCS -RRB- is a neuromodulatory technique that delivers low-intensity , direct current to cortical areas facilitating or inhibiting spontaneous neuronal activity . In the past 10 years , tDCS physiologic mechanisms of action have been intensively investigated giving support for the investigation of its applications in clinical neuropsychiatry and rehabilitation . However , new methodologic , ethical , and regulatory issues emerge when translating the findings of preclinical and phase I studies into phase II and III clinical studies . The aim of this comprehensive review is to discuss the key challenges of this process and possible methods to address them . We convened a workgroup of researchers in the field to review , discuss , and provide updates and key challenges of tDCS use in clinical research . We reviewed several basic and clinical studies in the field and identified potential limitations , taking into account the particularities of the technique . We review and discuss the findings into four topics : -LRB- 1 -RRB- mechanisms of action of tDCS , parameters of use and computer-based human brain modeling investigating electric current fields and magnitude induced by tDCS ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- methodologic aspects related to the clinical research of tDCS as divided according to study phase -LRB- ie , preclinical , phase I , phase II , and phase III studies -RRB- ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- ethical and regulatory concerns ; and -LRB- 4 -RRB- future directions regarding novel approaches , novel devices , and future studies involving tDCS . Finally , we propose some alternative methods to facilitate clinical research on tDCS . Cortical excitability changes induced by tDCS and revealed by TMS , are increasingly being used as an index of neuronal plasticity in the human cortex . The questionnaire contained rating scales regarding the presence and severity of headache , difficulties in concentrating , acute mood changes , visual perceptual changes and any discomforting sensation like pain , tingling , itching or burning under the electrodes , during and after tDCS . Participants were healthy subjects -LRB- 75.5 % -RRB- , migraine patients -LRB- 8.8 % -RRB- , post-stroke patients -LRB- 5.9 % -RRB- and tinnitus patients -LRB- 9.8 % -RRB- . During tDCS a mild tingling sensation was the most common reported adverse effect -LRB- 70.6 % -RRB- , moderate fatigue was felt by 35.3 % of the subjects , whereas a light itching sensation under the stimulation electrodes occurred in 30.4 % of cases . After tDCS headache -LRB- 11.8 % -RRB- , nausea -LRB- 2.9 % -RRB- and insomnia -LRB- 0.98 % -RRB- were reported , but fairly infrequently . In addition , the incidence of the itching sensation -LRB- p = 0.02 -RRB- and the intensity of tingling sensation -LRB- p = 0.02 -RRB- were significantly higher during tDCS in the group of the healthy subjects , in comparison to patients ; whereas the occurrence of headache was significantly higher in the patient group -LRB- p = 0.03 -RRB- after the stimulation . Our results suggest that tDCS applied to motor and non-motor areas according to the present tDCS safety guidelines , is associated with relatively minor adverse effects in healthy humans and patients with varying neurological disorders .
Pathophysiology of diabetic kidney disease -LRB- DKD -RRB- is incompletely understood . We aim to elucidate metabolic abnormalities associated with DKD in type 2 diabetes mellitus -LRB- T2DM -RRB- by targeted plasma metabolomics . A total of 126 T2DM participants with early DKD -LRB- urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio -LSB- ACR -RSB- 30-299 mg/g and eGFR ≥ 60 ml/min/1 .73 m <sup> 2 </sup> -RRB- , 154 overt DKD -LRB- ACR ≥ 300 mg/g or eGFR < 60 ml/min/1 .73 m <sup> 2 </sup> -RRB- , and 129 non-DKD T2DM controls -LRB- ACR < 30 mg/g and eGFR ≥ 60 ml/min/1 .73 m <sup> 2 </sup> -RRB- were included in discovery study . Findings were subsequently validated in 149 T2DM with macroalbuminuria -LRB- ACR ≥ 300 mg/g -RRB- and 149 matched non-DKD T2DM controls . Plasma amino acid , acylcarnitine , Krebs cycle organic acid , and sphingolipids/ceramide levels were quantified by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry . Of 123 metabolites included in the data analysis , 24 differed significantly between DKD and controls in the same direction in both discovery and validation subpopulations . A number of short acylcarnitines including their dicarboxylic derivatives -LRB- C2-C6 -RRB- were elevated in DKD , suggesting abnormalities in fatty acids and amino acids metabolic pathways . Five phosphatidylcholines were lower whereas 4 metabolites in the sphingomyelin-ceramide subfamily were higher in DKD . Principal component regression revealed that long-chain ceramides were independently associated with ACR but not eGFR . Conversely , essential amino acids catabolism and short dicarboxylacylcarnitine accumulation were associated with eGFR but not ACR . DKD is associated with altered fuel substrate use and remodeling of sphingolipid metabolism in T2DM with DKD . Associations of albuminuria and impaired filtration function with distinct metabolomic signatures suggest different pathophysiology underlying these 2 manifestations of DKD . Diabetes confers an increased risk of adverse cardiovascular and renal events . In the EMPA-REG OUTCOME trial , empagliflozin , a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor , reduced the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes at high risk for cardiovascular events . We wanted to determine the long-term renal effects of empagliflozin , an analysis that was a prespecified component of the secondary microvascular outcome of that trial . We randomly assigned patients with type 2 diabetes and an estimated glomerular filtration rate of at least 30 ml per minute per 1.73 m -LRB- 2 -RRB- of body-surface area to receive either empagliflozin -LRB- at a dose of 10 mg or 25 mg -RRB- or placebo once daily . Prespecified renal outcomes included incident or worsening nephropathy -LRB- progression to macroalbuminuria , doubling of the serum creatinine level , initiation of renal-replacement therapy , or death from renal disease -RRB- and incident albuminuria . Incident or worsening nephropathy occurred in 525 of 4124 patients -LRB- 12.7 % -RRB- in the empagliflozin group and in 388 of 2061 -LRB- 18.8 % -RRB- in the placebo group -LRB- hazard ratio in the empagliflozin group , 0.61 ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.53 to 0.70 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . Doubling of the serum creatinine level occurred in 70 of 4645 patients -LRB- 1.5 % -RRB- in the empagliflozin group and in 60 of 2323 -LRB- 2.6 % -RRB- in the placebo group , a significant relative risk reduction of 44 % . Renal-replacement therapy was initiated in 13 of 4687 patients -LRB- 0.3 % -RRB- in the empagliflozin group and in 14 of 2333 patients -LRB- 0.6 % -RRB- in the placebo group , representing a 55 % lower relative risk in the empagliflozin group . There was no significant between-group difference in the rate of incident albuminuria . In patients with type 2 diabetes at high cardiovascular risk , empagliflozin was associated with slower progression of kidney disease and lower rates of clinically relevant renal events than was placebo when added to standard care . -LRB- Funded by the Boehringer Ingelheim and Eli Lilly and Company Diabetes Alliance ; EMPA-REG OUTCOME ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT01131676 . -RRB- . Sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 -LRB- SGLT2 -RRB- inhibitors lower glycemia by enhancing urinary glucose excretion . The physiologic response to pharmacologically induced acute or chronic glycosuria has not been investigated in human diabetes . We evaluated 66 patients with type 2 diabetes -LRB- 62 ± 7 years , BMI = 31.6 ± 4.6 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- , HbA1c = 55 ± 8 mmol/mol , mean ± SD -RRB- at baseline , after a single dose , and following 4-week treatment with empagliflozin -LRB- 25 mg -RRB- . At each time point , patients received a mixed meal coupled with dual-tracer glucose administration and indirect calorimetry . Both single-dose and chronic empagliflozin treatment caused glycosuria during fasting -LRB- median , 7.8 -LSB- interquartile range -LCB- IQR -RCB- , 4.4 -RSB- g/3 hours and 9.2 -LSB- IQR , 5.2 -RSB- g/3 hours -RRB- and after meal ingestion -LRB- median , 29.0 -LSB- IQR , 12.5 -RSB- g/5 hours and 28.2 -LSB- IQR , 15.4 -RSB- g/5 hours -RRB- . After meal ingestion , glucose and insulin AUC decreased , whereas the glucagon response increased -LRB- all P < 0.001 -RRB- . While oral glucose appearance was unchanged , EGP was increased -LRB- median , 40 -LSB- IQR , 14 -RSB- g and 37 -LSB- IQR , 11 -RSB- g vs. 34 -LSB- IQR , 11 -RSB- g , both P < 0.01 -RRB- . Tissue glucose disposal was reduced -LRB- median , 75 -LSB- IQR , 16 -RSB- g and 70 -LSB- IQR , 21 -RSB- g vs. 93 -LSB- IQR , 18 -RSB- g , P < 0.0001 -RRB- , due to a decrease in both glucose oxidation and nonoxidative glucose disposal , with a concomitant rise in lipid oxidation after chronic administration -LRB- all P < 0.01 -RRB- . β Cell glucose sensitivity increased -LRB- median , 55 -LSB- IQR , 35 -RSB- pmol • min -LRB- -1 -RRB- • m -LRB- -2 -RRB-
The association between pretransplant body composition and posttransplant outcomes in renal transplant recipients is unclear . It was hypothesized that in hemodialysis patients higher muscle mass -LRB- represented by higher pretransplant serum creatinine level -RRB- and larger body size -LRB- represented by higher pretransplant body mass index -LSB- BMI -RSB- -RRB- are associated with better posttransplant outcomes . Linking 5-year patient data of a large dialysis organization -LRB- DaVita -RRB- to the Scientific Registry of Transplant Recipients , 10,090 hemodialysis patients were identified who underwent kidney transplantation from July 2001 to June 2007 . Cox regression hazard ratios and 95 % confidence intervals of death and/or graft failure were estimated . Patients were 49 ± 13 years old and included 49 % women , 45 % diabetics , and 27 % African Americans . In Cox models adjusted for case-mix , nutrition-inflammation complex , and transplant-related covariates , the 3-month-averaged postdialysis weight-based pretransplant BMI of 20 to < 22 and < 20 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- , compared with 22 to < 25 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- , showed a nonsignificant trend toward higher combined posttransplant mortality or graft failure , and even weaker associations existed for BMI ≥ 25 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Compared with pretransplant 3-month - averaged serum creatinine of 8 to < 10 mg/dl , there was 2.2-fold higher risk of combined death or graft failure with serum creatinine < 4 mg/dl , whereas creatinine ≥ 14 mg/dl exhibited 22 % better graft and patient survival . Pretransplant obesity does not appear to be associated with poor posttransplant outcomes . Larger pretransplant muscle mass , reflected by higher pretransplant serum creatinine level , is associated with greater posttransplant graft and patient survival . This systematic review was performed to summarize the current evidence for whole body vibration -LRB- WBV -RRB- interventions on postural control in elderly . English and German language papers in Medline , PEDro , Cinahl and the Cochrane databases were searched . Two reviewers extracted data on patients ' characteristics , type of WBV intervention and outcomes . Two independent reviewers rated the methodological quality of these studies . Fifteen papers reporting quantitative data were included . Results from 15 papers could be pooled for a meta-analysis . The studies involved 933 participants . In 7 studies the authors investigated the effects of vibration plates generating vertical sinusoidal vibrations -LRB- VS-WBV -RRB- and 7 papers described the use of side-alternating sinusoidal vibrations -LRB- SS-WBV -RRB- . Weak to moderate evidence of an overall effect as a result of VS-WBV and SS-WBV was observed for -LRB- a -RRB- static balance for post-intervention values with a standardized mean difference -LRB- SMD -RRB- -0.06 , 95 % CI -0.31 to 0.18 and for change values SMD -0.26 , 95 % CI -1.09 to 0.57 , and -LRB- b -RRB- dynamic balance for post-intervention-values SMD -0.34 , 95 % CI -0.60 to -0.08 . For functional balance -LRB- c -RRB- an overall outcome for post-intervention values with SMD of 0.34 , 95 % CI -0.19 to 0.87 was found . The 15 studies reviewed were of moderate methodological quality . In summary , SS-WBV seems to have a beneficial effect on dynamic balance in elderly individuals . However , the current results should be interpreted with caution because of the observed heterogeneity of training parameters and statistical methods . Future studies are warranted to evaluate the effects of WBV on postural control in an elderly population .
Patient involvement in preventing inpatient medication errors is predicated upon patient knowledge of their medications . However , there is little published on the accuracy of patient knowledge or understanding of their hospital medications . To assess hospitalized patients ' knowledge of their hospital medications and attitudes towards involvement in the medication safety process while hospitalized . A cross-sectional study of 50 adult internal medicine inpatients at the University of Colorado Hospital . Patients completed a list of the hospital medications they believed were prescribed to them and a survey of attitudes toward involvement in the medication safety process . Ninety-six percent of study patients omitted at least one prescribed hospital medication . On average , patients omitted 6.8 hospital medications . Forty-four percent of patients believed they were receiving at least one hospital medication that was not actually prescribed . Patients < 65 years old omitted 60 % of their as needed -LRB- PRN -RRB- medications whereas patients > or = 65 years old omitted 88 % -LRB- P = 0.01 -RRB- . Only 28 % reported having seen their hospital medication list , although 81 % reported this would improve their satisfaction with hospital care . Ninety percent wanted to review their hospital medication list for accuracy and 94 % felt patient review of the hospital medication list had the potential to reduce errors . Our findings suggest that , in contrast to patient preferences , there are significant deficits in patients ' knowledge of hospital medications . These results are a call to reexamine how we educate patients regarding their hospital medications . Nonadherence to antihypertensive treatment is a critical contributor to suboptimal blood pressure control . We used high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry of urine and serum to detect nonadherence and explored its association with the main demographic - and therapy-related factors in 1348 patients with hypertension from 2 European countries . The rates of nonadherence to antihypertensive treatment were 41.6 % and 31.5 % in the UK and Czech populations , respectively . Nonadherence was inversely related to age and male sex . Each increase in the number of antihypertensive medications led to 85 % and 77 % increase in nonadherence -LRB- <i> P </i> < 0.001 -RRB- in the UK and Czech populations , respectively . The odds of nonadherence to diuretics were the highest among 5 classes of antihypertensive medications -LRB- <i> P </i> ≤ 0.005 in both populations -RRB- . The predictive model for nonadherence , including age , sex , diuretics , and the number of prescribed antihypertensives , showed area under the curves of 0.758 and 0.710 in the UK and Czech populations , respectively . The area under the curves for the UK model tested on the Czech data and for the Czech model tested on UK data were calculated at 0.708 and 0.756 , respectively . We demonstrate that the number and class of prescribed antihypertensives are modifiable risk factors for biochemically confirmed nonadherence to blood pressure-lowering therapy . Further development of discriminatory models incorporating these parameters might prove clinically useful in assessment of nonadherence in countries where biochemical analysis is unavailable .
The objective was to determine whether metabolic goals have been achieved with locally isolated and transported preparations over the first 3 years of the UK 's nationally funded integrated islet transplant program . Twenty islet recipients with C-peptide negative type 1 diabetes and recurrent severe hypoglycemia consented to the study , including standardized meal tolerance tests . Participants received a total of 35 infusions -LRB- seven recipients : single graft ; 11 recipients : two grafts : two recipients : three grafts -RRB- . Graft function was maintained in 80 % at -LSB- median -LRB- interquartile range -RRB- -RSB- 24 -LRB- 13.5-36 -RRB- months postfirst transplant . Severe hypoglycemia was reduced from 20 -LRB- 7-50 -RRB- episodes/patient-year pretransplant to 0.3 -LRB- 0-1.6 -RRB- episodes/patient-year posttransplant -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . Resolution of impaired hypoglycemia awareness was confirmed -LSB- pretransplant : Gold score 6 -LRB- 5-7 -RRB- ; 24 -LRB- 13.5-36 -RRB- months : 3 -LRB- 1.5-4.5 -RRB- ; p < 0.03 -RSB- . Target HbA1c of < 7.0 % was attained/maintained in 70 % of recipients -LSB- pretransplant : 8.0 -LRB- 7.0-9.6 -RRB- % ; 24 -LRB- 13.5-36 -RRB- months : 6.2 -LRB- 5.7-8.4 -RRB- % ; p < 0.001 -RSB- , with 60 % reduction in insulin dose -LSB- pretransplant : 0.51 -LRB- 0.41-0.62 -RRB- units/kg ; 24 -LRB- 13.5-36 -RRB- months : 0.20 -LRB- 0-0.37 -RRB- units/kg ; p < 0.001 -RSB- . Metabolic outcomes were comparable 12 months posttransplant in those receiving transported versus only locally isolated islets -LSB- 12 month stimulated C-peptide : transported 788 -LRB- 114-1764 -RRB- pmol/L -LRB- n = 9 -RRB- ; locally isolated 407 -LRB- 126-830 -RRB- pmol/L -LRB- n = 11 -RRB- ; p = 0.32 -RSB- . Metabolic goals have been attained within the equitably available , fully integrated UK islet transplant program with both transported and locally isolated preparations . Clinical islet transplantation is gaining acceptance as a potential therapy , particularly for subjects who have labile diabetes or problems with hypoglycemic awareness . The risks of the procedure and long-term outcomes are still not fully known . We have performed 54 islet transplantation procedures on 30 subjects and have detailed follow-up in 17 consecutive Edmonton protocol-treated subjects who attained insulin independence after transplantation of adequate numbers of islets . Subjects were assessed pretransplant and followed prospectively posttransplant for immediate and long-term complications related to the procedure or immunosuppressive therapy . The 17 patients all became insulin independent after a minimum of 9,000 islets/kg were transplanted . Of 15 consecutive patients with at least 1 year of follow-up after the initial transplant , 12 -LRB- 80 % -RRB- were insulin independent at 1 year . In 14 subjects who have maintained demonstrable C-peptide secretion , glucose control has been stable and glycemic lability and problems with hypoglycemic reactions have been corrected . After 2 of the 54 procedures , some thrombosis was detected in the portal vein circulation . Five subjects had bleeding related to the percutaneous portal vein access procedures : three required transfusion alone , and in one subject , who had a partial thrombosis of the portal vein , an expanding intrahepatic and subscapular hemorrhage occurred while on anticoagulation , requiring transfusion and surgery . Elevated liver function test results were found in 46 % of subjects but resolved in all . Complications related to the therapy have been hypercholesterolemia requiring statin therapy in 65 % ; a rise in creatinine in two patients , both of whom had preexisting renal disease ; a rise in protein in four , all of whom had preexisting proteinuria ; and antihypertensive therapy increased or started in 53 % . Three of the 17 patients have required retinal laser photocoagulation . There have been no cases of posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder or cytomegalovirus infection , and no deaths . The acute insulin response to arginine correlated better with transplanted islet mass than acute insulin response to glucose -LRB- AIR -LRB- g -RRB- -RRB- and area under the curve for insulin -LRB- AUC -LRB- i -RRB- -RRB- , but the AIR -LRB- g -RRB- and AUC -LRB- i -RRB- were more closely related to glycemic control . The AUC -LRB- i -RRB- directly posttransplant was lower in those who eventually became C-peptide deficient . Our results , with a maximum follow-up of 34 months , indicate that prolonged insulin independence can be achieved after islet transplantation . There are some risks associated acutely with the procedure , and hypercholesterolemia and hypertension are treatable concerns on longer-term follow-up . All patients with persisting C-peptide secretion have had a resolution of both glycemic lability and problems with hypoglycemic reactions . Apart from the rise in serum creatinine in two subjects , no serious consequences of immunosuppressive therapy have been encountered . Islet transplantation is a reasonable option in those with severe problems with glycemic lability or hypoglycemia . To investigate whether changes of nutritional status and behavior are associated with islet transplantation -LRB- ITx -RRB- and to assess their possible mechanisms . In this observational study , 52 subjects with type 1 diabetes , 30 of whom received ITx , underwent nutritional assessments . The study consisted of questionnaires complemented by a dietary intake recording , anthropometric measurements , and body composition analysis . Laboratory tests were also reviewed as part of the follow up . After ITx , significant reductions in body weight -LRB- 3.7 kg ; P < 0.0001 -RRB- , body mass index -LRB- 1.39 kg/m2 ; P < 0.0001 -RRB- , waist circumference -LRB- 3.96 cm ; P = 0.006 -RRB- , and fat weight -LRB- 3.28 kg ; P < 0.01 -RRB- were observed . The average consumption of carbohydrate and protein were also lower than pretransplant , together with some micronutrients -LRB- vitamins B12 and B6 , zinc , and phosphorus -RRB- . Insulin administration and changes in A1C were not associated with a significant change in anthropometric measurements . Subjects on exenatide after ITx showed
Estimates of the worldwide incidence and mortality from 27 major cancers and for all cancers combined for 2012 are now available in the GLOBOCAN series of the International Agency for Research on Cancer . We review the sources and methods used in compiling the national cancer incidence and mortality estimates , and briefly describe the key results by cancer site and in 20 large `` areas '' of the world . Overall , there were 14.1 million new cases and 8.2 million deaths in 2012 . The most commonly diagnosed cancers were lung -LRB- 1.82 million -RRB- , breast -LRB- 1.67 million -RRB- , and colorectal -LRB- 1.36 million -RRB- ; the most common causes of cancer death were lung cancer -LRB- 1.6 million deaths -RRB- , liver cancer -LRB- 745,000 deaths -RRB- , and stomach cancer -LRB- 723,000 deaths -RRB- . Targeted magnetic resonance -LRB- MR -RRB- / ultrasound fusion prostate biopsy has been shown to detect prostate cancer . The implications of targeted biopsy alone vs standard extended-sextant biopsy or the 2 modalities combined are not well understood . To assess targeted vs standard biopsy and the 2 approaches combined for the diagnosis of intermediate - to high-risk prostate cancer . Prospective cohort study of 1003 men undergoing both targeted and standard biopsy concurrently from 2007 through 2014 at the National Cancer Institute in the United States . Patients were referred for elevated level of prostate-specific antigen -LRB- PSA -RRB- or abnormal digital rectal examination results , often with prior negative biopsy results . Risk categorization was compared among targeted and standard biopsy and , when available , whole-gland pathology after prostatectomy as the `` gold standard . '' Patients underwent multiparametric prostate magnetic resonance imaging to identify regions of prostate cancer suspicion followed by targeted MR/ultrasound fusion biopsy and concurrent standard biopsy . The primary objective was to compare targeted and standard biopsy approaches for detection of high-risk prostate cancer -LRB- Gleason score ≥ 4 + 3 -RRB- ; secondary end points focused on detection of low-risk prostate cancer -LRB- Gleason score 3 + 3 or low-volume 3 + 4 -RRB- and the biopsy ability to predict whole-gland pathology at prostatectomy . Targeted MR/ultrasound fusion biopsy diagnosed 461 prostate cancer cases , and standard biopsy diagnosed 469 cases . There was exact agreement between targeted and standard biopsy in 690 men -LRB- 69 % -RRB- undergoing biopsy . Targeted biopsy diagnosed 30 % more high-risk cancers vs standard biopsy -LRB- 173 vs 122 cases , P < .001 -RRB- and 17 % fewer low-risk cancers -LRB- 213 vs 258 cases , P < .001 -RRB- . When standard biopsy cores were combined with the targeted approach , an additional 103 cases -LRB- 22 % -RRB- of mostly low-risk prostate cancer were diagnosed -LRB- 83 % low risk , 12 % intermediate risk , and 5 % high risk -RRB- . The predictive ability of targeted biopsy for differentiating low-risk from intermediate - and high-risk disease in 170 men with whole-gland pathology after prostatectomy was greater than that of standard biopsy or the 2 approaches combined -LRB- area under the curve , 0.73 , 0.59 , and 0.67 , respectively ; P < .05 for all comparisons -RRB- . Among men undergoing biopsy for suspected prostate cancer , targeted MR/ultrasound fusion biopsy , compared with standard extended-sextant ultrasound-guided biopsy , was associated with increased detection of high-risk prostate cancer and decreased detection of low-risk prostate cancer . Future studies will be needed to assess the ultimate clinical implications of targeted biopsy . clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT00102544 . Incorporation of multiparametric magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- mpMRI -RRB- and targeted biopsy -LRB- TBx -RRB- in the diagnostic pathway for prostate cancer -LRB- CaP -RRB- is rapidly becoming common practice . In men with a prebiopsy positive mpMRI a TBx only approach , thereby omitting transrectal ultrasound-guided systematic biopsy -LRB- SBx -RRB- , has been postulated . In this study we evaluated the additional clinical relevance of SBx in men with a positive prebiopsy mpMRI -LRB- Prostate Imaging Reporting and Data System -LSB- PI-RADS -RSB- ≥ 3 -RRB- undergoing TBx for CaP detection , Gleason grading and CaP localization . Prospective data of 255 consecutive men with a prebiopsy positive mpMRI -LRB- PI-RADS ≥ 3 -RRB- undergoing 12-core SBx and subsequent MRI-transrectal ultrasound fusion TBx in 2 institutions between 2015 and 2018 was obtained . The detection rate for significant CaP -LRB- Gleason score -LSB- GS -RSB- ≥ 3 + 4 -RRB- for TBx and SBx were compared . The rate of potentially missed significant CaP by a TBx only approach was determined and GS concordance and CaP localization by TBx and SBx was evaluated . TBx yielded significant CaP in 113 men -LRB- 44 % -RRB- while SBx yielded significant CaP in 110 men -LRB- 43 % -RRB- -LRB- P = 0.856 -RRB- . Insignificant CaP was found in 21 men -LRB- 8 % -RRB- by TBx , while SBx detected 34 men -LRB- 13 % -RRB- with insignificant CaP -LRB- P = 0.035 -RRB- . A TBx only approach , omitting SBx , would have missed significant CaP in 13 of the 126 men -LRB- 10 % -RRB- with significant CaP on biopsy . Ten of the 118 men -LRB- 8 % -RRB- , both positive on TBx and SBx , were upgraded in GS by SBx while 11 men -LRB- 9 % -RRB- had higher maximum tumor core involvement on SBx . Nineteen of the 97 men -LRB- 20 % -RRB- with significant CaP in both TBx and SBx were diagnosed with unilateral significant CaP on mpMRI and TBx while SBx demonstrated bilateral significant CaP . In men with a prebiopsy positive mpMRI , TBx detects high-GS CaP while reducing insignificant CaP detection as compared to SBx . SBx and TBx as stand-alone missed significant CaP in 13 % and 10 % of the men with significant CaP on biopsy , respectively . A combination of SBx and
Prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus -LRB- T2DM -RRB- are believed to be common and associated with a worse metabolic profile in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease -LRB- NAFLD -RRB- . However , no previous study has systematically screened this population . We studied the prevalence and the metabolic impact of prediabetes and T2DM in 118 patients with NAFLD . The control group comprised 20 subjects without NAFLD matched for age , sex , and adiposity . We measured 1 -RRB- plasma glucose , insulin , and free fatty acid -LRB- FFA -RRB- concentration during an oral glucose tolerance test ; 2 -RRB- liver fat by magnetic resonance spectroscopy -LRB- MRS -RRB- ; 3 -RRB- liver and muscle insulin sensitivity -LRB- euglycemic insulin clamp with 3 - -LSB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- H -RSB- glucose -RRB- ; and 4 -RRB- indexes of insulin resistance -LRB- IR -RRB- at the level of the liver -LRB- HIR -LRB- i -RRB- = endogenous glucose production × fasting plasma insulin -LSB- FPI -RSB- -RRB- and adipose tissue -LRB- Adipo-IR -LRB- i -RRB- = fasting FFA × FPI -RRB- . Prediabetes and T2DM was present in 85 % versus 30 % in controls -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- , all unaware of having abnormal glucose metabolism . NAFLD patients were IR at the level of the adipose tissue , liver , and muscle -LRB- all P < 0.01-0.001 -RRB- . Muscle and liver insulin sensitivity were impaired in patients with NAFLD to a similar degree , whether they had prediabetes or T2DM . Only adipose tissue IR worsened in T2DM and correlated with the severity of muscle -LRB- r = 0.34 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- and hepatic -LRB- r = 0.57 ; P < 0.0001 -RRB- IR and steatosis by MRS -LRB- r = 0.35 ; P < 0.0001 -RRB- . Patients with NAFLD may benefit from early screening for T2DM , because the prevalence of abnormal glucose metabolism is much higher than previously appreciated . Regardless of glucose tolerance status , severe IR is common . In patients with T2DM , adipose tissue IR appears to play a major role in the severity of NAFLD . Diabetes is present in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease -LRB- NAFLD -RRB- . The aim of this retrospective cohort study was to assess the cumulative development of type 2 diabetes and predictive factors for its development in Japanese patients with NAFLD . A total of 6003 NAFLD patients diagnosed by ultrasonography were enrolled . The mean follow-up period was 4.9 years . An overnight -LRB- 12 h -RRB- fasting blood sample or a casual blood sample was taken for routine analyses during follow up . The primary outcome was the development of type 2 diabetes . Evaluation was performed by using the Kaplan-Meier method and Cox proportional hazards analysis . Of the 6003 NAFLD patients , 411 patients developed type 2 diabetes . The cumulative development rate of type 2 diabetes was 6.8 % at the 5th year and 17.7 % at the 10th year . Multivariate Cox proportional hazards analysis showed that type 2 diabetes development in patients with NAFLD occurred when patients had prediabetes status -LRB- hazard ratio 6.39 ; 95 % confidence interval 5.00-8.18 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- , mean serum gamma-glutamyltransferase -LRB- GGT -RRB- level of more than 109 IU/l -LRB- hazard ratio 1.60 ; 95 % confidence interval 1.22-2 . 02 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- , mean serum triglyceride -LRB- TG -RRB- level of more than 150 mg/l -LRB- hazard ratio 1.28 ; 95 % confidence interval 1.05-1.55 ; P = 0.020 -RRB- , and physical activity of less than 60 min per week -LRB- hazard ratio 1.60 ; 95 % confidence interval 1.25-2.00 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . The improvement of prediabetes status and physical activity , and the normalization of mean GGT and TG levels during follow up are important to prevent the development of T2DM in patients with NAFLD . The prevalence of and the risk factors for fatty liver have not undergone a formal evaluation in a representative sample of the general population . We therefore performed a cross-sectional study in the town of Campogalliano -LRB- Modena , Italy -RRB- , within the context of the Dionysos Project . Of 5,780 eligible persons aged 18 to 75 years , 3,345 -LRB- 58 % -RRB- agreed to participate in the study . Subjects with suspected liver disease -LRB- SLD -RRB- , defined on the basis of elevated serum alanine aminotransferase -LRB- ALT -RRB- and gamma-glutamyl-transferase -LRB- GGT -RRB- activity , hepatitis B surface antigen -LRB- HBsAg -RRB- , or hepatitis C virus -LRB- HCV -RRB- - RNA positivity , were matched with randomly selected subjects of the same age and sex without SLD . A total of 311 subjects with and 287 without SLD underwent a detailed clinical , laboratory , and anthropometrical evaluation . Fatty liver was diagnosed by ultrasonography , and alcohol intake was assessed by using a 7-day diary . Multinomial logistic regression was used to detect risk factors for normal liver versus nonalcoholic fatty liver disease -LRB- NAFLD -RRB- and for alcoholic fatty liver -LRB- AFLD -RRB- versus NAFLD . The prevalence of NAFLD was similar in subjects with and without SLD -LRB- 25 vs. 20 % , P = .203 -RRB- . At multivariable analysis , normal liver was more likely than NAFLD in older subjects and less likely in the presence of obesity , hyperglycemia , hyperinsulinemia , hypertriglyceridemia , and systolic hypertension ; AFLD was more likely than NAFLD in older subjects , males , and in the presence of elevated GGT and hypertriglyceridemia , and less likely in the presence of obesity and hyperglycemia . In conclusion , NAFLD is highly prevalent in the general population , is not associated with SLD , but is associated with many features of the metabolic syndrome . Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease -LRB- NAFLD -RRB- uncommonly results in cirrhosis and liver-related
There is an urgent need to develop new tuberculosis -LRB- TB -RRB- vaccines to safely and effectively boost Bacille Calmette-Guérin -LRB- BCG -RRB- - triggered T cell immunity in humans . AdHu5Ag85A is a recombinant human type 5 adenovirus -LRB- AdHu5 -RRB- - based TB vaccine with demonstrated efficacy in a number of animal species , yet it remains to be translated to human applications . In this phase 1 study , we evaluated the safety and immunogenicity of AdHu5Ag85A in both BCG-naïve and previously BCG-immunized healthy adults . Intramuscular immunization of AdHu5Ag85A was safe and well tolerated in both trial volunteer groups . Moreover , although AdHu5Ag85A was immunogenic in both trial volunteer groups , it much more potently boosted polyfunctional CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- and CD8 -LRB- + -RRB- T cell immunity in previously BCG-vaccinated volunteers . Furthermore , despite prevalent preexisting anti-AdHu5 humoral immunity in most of the trial volunteers , we found little evidence that such preexisting anti-AdHu5 immunity significantly dampened the potency of AdHu5Ag85A vaccine . This study supports further clinical investigations of the AdHu5Ag85A vaccine for human applications . It also suggests that the widely perceived negative effect of preexisting anti-AdHu5 immunity may not be universally applied to all AdHu5-based vaccines against different types of human pathogens . Whether a candidate tuberculosis vaccine induces clinically relevant protective T-cell repertoires in humans will not be known until the completion of costly efficacy clinical trials . We have developed an integrated immunologic approach to investigate the clinical relevance of T cells induced by a novel tuberculosis vaccine in a phase 1 trial . This approach consists of screening for likely dominant T-cell epitopes , establishing antigen-specific memory T-cell lines for identifying CD8 <sup> + </sup> and CD4 <sup> + </sup> T-cell epitopes , determining the ability of vaccine-induced T cells to inhibit mycobacterial growth in infected cells , and examining the genetic diversity of HLA recognition and the clinical relevance of identified T-cell epitopes . These T cells are polyfunctional and cytotoxic and can inhibit mycobacterial growth in infected target cells . These epitopes are clinically relevant to the epitopes identified in people with latent Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection and treated patients with tuberculosis . These data support further clinical development of this candidate vaccine .
To present the findings of a risk-stratification survival analysis with use of data collected on a heterogeneous group of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- treated with TheraSphere . Baseline , treatment , and follow-up data were collected and analyzed from 121 TheraSphere-treated patients . Survival analyses were performed to identify those variables most strongly associated with 3-month mortality . The presence of any of the identified risk variables resulted in the assignment of a patient to the high-risk category . Five liver reserve and two non-liver reserve variables were identified and used to stratify patients into low - or high-risk groups . Sixteen of the 33 patients assigned to the high-risk group -LRB- 49 % -RRB- did not survive the first 3 months after treatment , compared with six of the 88 patients assigned to the low-risk group -LRB- 7 % ; Fisher exact test , P < .0001 -RRB- . Median survival for the low - and high-risk groups were 466 days and 108 days , respectively -LRB- hazard ratio , 6.0 ; P < .0001 -RRB- . Eleven of 12 patients who experienced a treatment-related major complication ending in death were included in the high-risk group . No single variable explained the major complication relationship to treatment . Patients with HCC who are being considered for treatment with TheraSpheres should be evaluated for the presence of the risk variables described herein . The absence of these variables is predictive of improved survival -LRB- median of 466 days -RRB- compared with patients at high risk -LRB- median of 108 days -RRB- . Unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma is extremely difficult to treat . TheraSphere consists of yttrium-90 -LRB- a pure beta emitter -RRB- microspheres , which are injected into the hepatic arteries . This article reviews the safety and survival of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma who were treated with yttrium-90 microspheres . Eighty patients were selected from a database of 108 yttrium-90 microsphere-treated patients and were staged by using Child-Pugh , Okuda , and Cancer of the Liver Italian Program scoring systems . Patients were treated with local , regional , and whole-liver approaches . Survival from first treatment was analyzed with Kaplan-Meier and Cox regression methods . Adverse events and complications of treatment were coded by using the Southwest Oncology Group toxicity scoring system . Patients received liver doses ranging from 47 to 270 Gy . Thirty-two patients -LRB- 40 % -RRB- received more than 1 treatment . Survival correlated with pretreatment Cancer of the Liver Italian Program scores -LRB- P = .002 -RRB- , as well as with the individual Cancer of the Liver Italian Program components , Child-Pugh class , alpha-fetoprotein levels , and percentage of tumor replacement . Patients classified as Okuda stage I -LRB- n = 54 -RRB- and II -LRB- n = 26 -RRB- had median survival durations and 1-year survival rates of 628 days and 63 % , and 384 days and 51 % , respectively -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- . Thus , in selected patients with hepatocellular carcinoma , yttrium-90 microsphere treatment is safe and well tolerated . On the basis of these results , a randomized controlled trial is warranted comparing yttrium-90 microsphere treatment with transarterial chemoembolization by using the Cancer of the Liver Italian Program system for prospective stratified randomization . Hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- constitutes a difficult health challenge because of its poor prognosis and limited treatment options . Most available therapies are used only for palliation . The use of yttrium-90 microspheres is a new intraarterial therapy consisting of beta-irradiating microspheres measuring 20-30 micro m in diameter that can be delivered directly to the tumors . -LRB- 90 -RRB- Y microspheres , which carry the radiation , are selectively taken up by the tumors , thus preserving normal liver . In several studies to date , -LRB- 90 -RRB- Y microspheres have proved to have a low toxicity profile and have generally been well tolerated by patients . Other than transient elevation in liver enzyme levels and mild fatigue and fever , no substantial treatment-related toxicities have been observed . Gastrointestinal toxicities occur in a limited number of cases and are preventable with proper knowledge of visceral arterial anatomy . The effect on survival is also promising , with median survival rates of 23 months -LRB- 95 % confidence interval = 14 , 44 -RRB- and 11 months -LRB- 95 % confidence interval = 6 , 26 -RRB- for patients with Okuda stage I and stage II disease , respectively . On the basis of these data , intraarterial delivery of -LRB- 90 -RRB- Y microspheres offers a new alternative in the treatment of unresectable HCC . Hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- generally arises in a cirrhotic liver and , in most cases , is multifocal and bilobar . Although trans-hepatic artery chemoembolization -LRB- TACE -RRB- can be highly affective in shrinking tumors , it is limited by virtue of the damage that it can cause to the liver that is already damaged by chronic disease . A cohort of 65 patients with biopsy-proven unresectable HCC have been treated with hepatic arterial 90Yttrium microspheres -LRB- Therasphere -RRB- , and the interim results are reported here . Only 1 cycle of Therasphere treatment ever was performed on 46 patients , 17 patients had 2 cycles , and 2 patients had 3 cycles of therapy . The median dose delivered was 134 Gy , typically as either 5 or 10 GBq -LRB- 2-4 million microspheres -RRB- . Clinical toxicities include 9 episodes of abdominal pain and 2 episodes of acute cholecystitis , requiring cholecystectomy . A main lab toxicity was elevated bilirubin which increased by more than 200 % in 25 patients -LRB- 30.5 % -RRB- during 6 months of therapy , although 18 of these patients had only transient elevation . A prominent finding was prolonged and profound -LRB- > 70 % -RRB- lymphopenia in more than 75 % of the patients , but without clinical
We aimed to assess the safety and tolerability of MABp1 for interleukin-1α blockade in a refractory cancer population . We did an open-label , dose-escalation , and phase 1 study of MABp1 in adults with metastatic cancer at the MD Anderson Clinical Center for Targeted Therapy -LRB- Houston , TX , USA -RRB- . We used a standard 3 +3 design to identify the maximum tolerated dose . Patients received MABp1 intravenously once every 3 weeks through four dose levels : 0.25 mg/kg , 0.75 mg/kg , 1.25 mg/kg , and 3.75 mg/kg . After the dose-escalation phase , a second dosing arm was started with dosing every 2 weeks at the maximum tolerated dose . The primary objectives were safety , tolerability , characterisation of the pharmacokinetic profile , and identification of the recommended phase 2 dose . Secondary endpoints included pharmacodynamic effects and antitumour activity . All patients who received at least one dose of MABp1 were included in the safety analyses . Between March 15 , 2010 , and July 30 , 2012 , 52 patients with metastatic cancer -LRB- 18 tumour types -RRB- received anti-interleukin-1α monotherapy in dose-escalation and expansion groups . MABp1 was well tolerated , with no dose-limiting toxicities or immunogenicity . Thus , the recommended phase 2 dose was concluded to be 3.75 mg/kg every 2 weeks . Pharmacokinetic data were consistent at all dose levels and showed no evidence of accumulation or increased clearance of MABp1 at increasing doses . For 42 assessable patients , median plasma interleukin-6 concentrations had decreased from baseline to week 8 by a median of 2.7 pg/mL -LRB- IQR -12.6 to 3.0 ; p = 0.08 -RRB- . Of the 34 patients restaged , one patient had a partial response and ten had stable disease . 30 patients were assessable for change in lean body mass , which increased by a mean of 1.02 kg -LRB- SD 2.24 ; p = 0.02 -RRB- between baseline and week 8 . The most common adverse events possibly related to the study drug were proteinuria -LRB- n = 11 ; 21 % -RRB- , nausea -LRB- 7 ; 13 % -RRB- , and fatigue -LRB- 7 ; 13 % -RRB- . The most frequent grade 3-4 adverse events -LRB- regardless of relation to treatment -RRB- were fatigue -LRB- 3 ; 6 % -RRB- , dyspnoea -LRB- 2 ; 4 % -RRB- , and headache -LRB- 2 ; 4 % -RRB- . Two patients -LRB- 4 % -RRB- had grade 5 events -LRB- death due to disease progression -RRB- , which were unrelated to treatment . MABp1 was well tolerated , no dose-limiting toxicities were experienced in this study , and disease control was observed . Further study of MABp1 anti-interleukin-1α antibody therapy for advanced stage cancer is warranted .
The risk of cancer of the cervix is linked with sexual behavior . Although infectious agents , such as human papillomaviruses -LRB- HPVs -RRB- are implicated , these alone may be insufficient to induce the disease . We investigated the potential role of estrogen , androgen , and polyamine metabolism as co-factors in the development of cervical cancer . We obtained urine samples from patients with benign cervical disease -LRB- n = 18 -RRB- and cervical cancer -LRB- n = 18 -RRB- and from age-matched normal female subjects -LRB- n = 25 -RRB- . For 11 polyamine determination , an improved and sensitive gas-chromatographic with nitrogen/phosphorus-detection -LRB- GC/NPD -RRB- procedure was used . In the patients with cervical cancer , the ratio of 16alpha-hydroxy estrone -LRB- 16alpha-OH E1 -RRB- / 2-hydroxy estrone -LRB- 2-OH E1 -RRB- , putrescine -LRB- Put -RRB- / N -LRB- 1 -RRB- - acetylspermidine -LRB- N -LRB- 1 -RRB- - acSpd -RRB- and 5beta-tetrahydrocortisol -LRB- THF -RRB- / 5alpha-tetrahydrocortisol -LRB- 5alpha-THF -RRB- were significantly increased in comparison to the values of the normal controls . These data suggest : -LRB- 1 -RRB- an increase of 16alpha-hydroxylation in estrogen metabolism ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- the high activity of polyamine oxidase -LRB- PAO -RRB- in polyamine metabolism ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- the low activity of 5alpha-reductase in androgen metabolism may play a significant role in the development of cervical cancer . Although additional research is necessary , the combination of 16alpha-OH E1/2-OH E1 and THF/5alpha-THF may provide a dual marker for the discrimination of benign cervical disease and cervical cancer . Total , free , and acetylated polyamine concentrations were measured simultaneously in colon tissue , serum , and urine of 50 patients with histologically proven colorectal cancer , 40 patients with nonmalignant gastrointestinal diseases , and 30 healthy volunteers . Compared with histologically unaffected colon tissue , concentrations were significantly -LRB- P less than 0.001 -RRB- higher for putrescine , elevated for cadaverine , and nearly identical for spermidine and spermine in colon carcinoma , whereas N1-acetylated and N8-acetylated spermidine were detectable in cancer tissue only . Serum and urine concentrations of all polyamines except total cadaverine and spermine in serum and free spermine in urine were significantly elevated compared with healthy controls and highest sensitivity for colon cancer was found for total spermidine -LRB- 89.15 % -RRB- in serum and acetylputrescine -LRB- 84.5 % -RRB- , total putrescine -LRB- 84.0 % -RRB- , N1-acetylspermidine -LRB- 79.3 % -RRB- , and total spermidine -LRB- 92.1 % -RRB- in urine . Therefore , polyamines are of little value only as diagnostic markers in colorectal carcinoma . Since polyamine concentrations in serum and urine normalized in patients after curative operation while they were further elevated in patients with proven tumor relapse or metastases , these substances might play a clinical role in predicting therapeutic success or indicating relapse of the tumor .
Cultures of up to 90 percent T cells have been maintained for more than 9 months . The T cells exhibited a strict growth dependence upon Ly-CM and were consistently negative for Epstein-Barr viral information . Long-term growth -LRB- now over 13 months -RRB- of thymus-derived lymphocytes from numerous normal human bone marrow and peripheral blood cell samples was accomplished by using a factor present in media obtained from mitogen-stimulated human peripheral blood lymphocytes . All cell cultures were greater than 90 % E rosette-positive , whereas the tests for B cell markers , surface IgG and IgM , and EAC rosette were routinely negative . There was no evidence for the presence of granulocytes , monocytes , and their precursors in these cultures . PHA , Con A , and pokeweed mitogens stimulated lymphproliferative responses in these cultures comparable to those of fresh peripheral blood cells . These proliferating cells were also able to release cell mediators , such as interferon and colony-stimulating activity . Further evidence for the T lymphocyte nature of these cultured cells was obtained from one-way mixed leukocyte cultures in which these cells responded to but were unable to stimulate allogeneic cells . The functional and morphologic characteristics of these cultured cells show that these cells are T cells that grow continuously in vitro .
Sleeve gastrectomy -LRB- SG -RRB- , which , thus far , is showing good resolution of comorbidities and good weight loss , shows increasing popularity among bariatric surgeons . The aim of this study was to evaluate clinical outcome and the gastric emptying of solid foods , 24 months after SG . Fourteen morbidly obese patients , four males and ten females , median age 41 years -LRB- range 29-65 -RRB- , median body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- 49.46 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- range 41.14-55.63 -RRB- , who underwent SG for weight loss , were studied prospectively . Nine patients underwent gastric emptying studies , using radioisotopic technique before , 6 months and 24 months after the operation . The remaining five patients underwent gastric emptying studies , 6 months and 24 months after the operation . A significant reduction in patients ' weight and BMI was evident at 6 , 12 and 24 months postoperatively . In the nine patients who underwent gastric emptying studies pre - , 6 and 24 months postoperatively , the T-lag phase duration significantly decreased , following the SG , from 17.30 -LRB- range 15.50-20.90 -RRB- min , to 12.50 -LRB- range 9.20-18.00 -RRB- min at 6 months and 12.16 -LRB- range 10.90-20.00 -RRB- min at 24 months postoperatively -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . The gastric emptying half time -LRB- T1/2 -RRB- accelerated significantly postoperatively from 86.50 -LRB- range 77.50-104.60 -RRB- min , to 62.50 -LRB- range 46.30-80.00 -RRB- min at 6 months and 60.80 -LRB- range 54.80-100.00 -RRB- min at 24 months after SG -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . The percentage of gastric emptying -LRB- % GE -RRB- increased significantly postoperatively , from 52 -LRB- range 43-58 -RRB- % to 72 -LRB- range 57-97 -RRB- % at 6 months and 74 -LRB- range 45-82 -RRB- % at 24 months , following SG -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . No differences in gastric emptying were observed , when values at 24 months were compared to those at 6 months postoperatively . When the whole group of 14 patients was studied , there were also no significant changes in T-lag , T1/2 and % GE between 6 and 24 months postoperatively . Our study indicates the constant effect of SG in the acceleration of gastric emptying of solids , which occurs faster , not only in short but also in long-term postoperatively . Such effects on gastric motility , in combination with the reported alterations in gut hormones , may explain how this ` food limiting ' operation results in weight loss . Bariatric surgery , when combined with lifestyle and medical interventions , is a common and successful treatment modality in the obese patient . Laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy is one such procedure that has increased in popularity as a definitive bariatric operation . Although laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy has been shown to be effective in producing weight loss and improving type 2 diabetes mellitus , its effect on gastroesophageal reflux disease -LRB- GERD -RRB- has been inconsistent . This paper aims to summarize the available literature regarding GERD prevalence following laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy , 8 studies demonstrate increased GERD prevalence , and 5 demonstrate decreased GERD prevalence following laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy . The relationship between GERD and SG is complex and no clear relationship exists . The anatomic and physiologic changes caused by laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy are discussed in the context of these inconsistent results . Sleeve gastrectomy -LRB- SG -RRB- has increased in popularity as both a definitive and a staged procedure for morbid obesity . Gastroesophageal reflux disease -LRB- GERD -RRB- is a common co-morbid disease in bariatric patients . The effect of SG on GERD has not been well studied ; thus , the goal of the present systematic data review was to analyze the effect of SG on GERD . A systematic data search was conducted using Medline , EMBASE , the Cochrane Database , Scopus , and the gray literature for the Keywords `` sleeve gastrectomy ; '' `` gastroesophageal reflux ; '' and equivalents . A total of 15 reports were retrieved . Two reports analyzed GERD as a primary outcome , and 13 included GERD as a secondary study outcome . Of the 15 studies , 4 showed an increase in GERD after SG , 7 found reduced GERD prevalence after SG , 3 included only the postoperative prevalence of GERD , and 1 did not include data on prevalence of GERD . The evidence of the effect of SG on GERD did not consolidate to a consensus . The studies showed differing outcomes . Hence , dedicated studies that objectively evaluate GERD after SG are needed to more clearly define the effect of SG on GERD in bariatric patients . Sleeve gastrectomy -LRB- SG -RRB- has been accepted as an option for surgical treatment for obesity . This operation could be associated with motor gastric dysfunction and abnormal gastric emptying . The purpose of this prospective study is to present the results of gastric emptying to liquids and solids using scintigraphy in patients who underwent SG compared to normal subjects . Twenty obese patients were submitted to laparoscopic SG and were compared to 18 normal subjects . Gastric emptying of liquids and solids was measured by scintigraphic technique . Results were expressed as half time of gastric emptying and the percentage of retention at 20 , 30 , and 60 min for liquids and at 60 , 90 , and 120 min for solids . In the group of operated patients , 70 % of them -LRB- n = 14 -RRB- presented accelerated emptying for liquids and 75 % -LRB- n = 15 -RRB- for solids compared to 22.2 % and 27.7 % , respectively , in the control group . The half time of gastric emptying -LRB- T -LRB- 1/2 -RRB- -RRB- in patients submitted to SG both for liquids and solids were significantly more accelerated compared to the control group -LRB-
To investigate the impact of HIV infection on hospital admission and death we studied children admitted to paediatric medical and surgical wards in Blantyre , Malawi , in March 2000 . Unselected children whose parents or guardians consented to HIV testing of the child were recruited and HIV infection was determined by serology , with confirmation in children aged 15 months or less by PCR . We assessed the prevalence of HIV infection by age , clinical diagnosis and outcome of admission . Of 1064 admissions , 991 were tested for HIV infection , and 187 -LRB- 18.9 % -RRB- were infected . HIV was most common in children aged less than six months , 53 of 166 -LRB- 32 % -RRB- . Parents of HIV-infected children were better educated , and more likely to have died , than those of uninfected children . Clinical symptoms and signs were not adequately sensitive or specific to be used for diagnosis of HIV . HIV was common in children with malnutrition -LRB- prevalence 40 % -RRB- , lower respiratory tract infection -LRB- 29 % -RRB- and sepsis -LRB- 28 % -RRB- , and less prevalent among children with malaria -LRB- 11 % -RRB- or surgical admissions -LRB- 11 % -RRB- . Almost 30 % of HIV-infected children died , compared with 8.9 % of uninfected children , and HIV-infected children constituted over 40 % of in-patient deaths . In countries with a high seroprevalence of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 -LRB- HIV-1 -RRB- , HIV infection contributes significantly to infant mortality . We investigated antiretroviral-treatment strategies in the Children with HIV Early Antiretroviral Therapy -LRB- CHER -RRB- trial . HIV-infected infants 6 to 12 weeks of age with a CD4 lymphocyte percentage -LRB- the CD4 percentage -RRB- of 25 % or more were randomly assigned to receive antiretroviral therapy -LRB- lopinavir-ritonavir , zidovudine , and lamivudine -RRB- when the CD4 percentage decreased to less than 20 % -LRB- or 25 % if the child was younger than 1 year -RRB- or clinical criteria were met -LRB- the deferred antiretroviral-therapy group -RRB- or to immediate initiation of limited antiretroviral therapy until 1 year of age or 2 years of age -LRB- the early antiretroviral-therapy groups -RRB- . We report the early outcomes for infants who received deferred antiretroviral therapy as compared with early antiretroviral therapy . At a median age of 7.4 weeks -LRB- interquartile range , 6.6 to 8.9 -RRB- and a CD4 percentage of 35.2 % -LRB- interquartile range , 29.1 to 41.2 -RRB- , 125 infants were randomly assigned to receive deferred therapy , and 252 infants were randomly assigned to receive early therapy . After a median follow-up of 40 weeks -LRB- interquartile range , 24 to 58 -RRB- , antiretroviral therapy was initiated in 66 % of infants in the deferred-therapy group . Twenty infants in the deferred-therapy group -LRB- 16 % -RRB- died versus 10 infants in the early-therapy groups -LRB- 4 % -RRB- -LRB- hazard ratio for death , 0.24 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 0.11 to 0.51 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . In 32 infants in the deferred-therapy group -LRB- 26 % -RRB- versus 16 infants in the early-therapy groups -LRB- 6 % -RRB- , disease progressed to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention stage C or severe stage B -LRB- hazard ratio for disease progression , 0.25 ; 95 % CI , 0.15 to 0.41 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . Stavudine was substituted for zidovudine in four infants in the early-therapy groups because of neutropenia in three infants and anemia in one infant ; no drugs were permanently discontinued . After a review by the data and safety monitoring board , the deferred-therapy group was modified , and infants in this group were all reassessed for initiation of antiretroviral therapy . Early HIV diagnosis and early antiretroviral therapy reduced early infant mortality by 76 % and HIV progression by 75 % . -LRB- ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00102960 . -RRB- Morbidity and mortality patterns among pregnant women and their infants -LRB- before antiretroviral therapy was widely available -RRB- determines HIV-1 diagnostic , monitoring , and care interventions . Data from mothers and their infants enrolled in a trial of antibiotics to reduce mother-to-child-transmission of HIV-1 at 4 sub-Saharan African sites were analyzed . Women were enrolled during pregnancy and follow-up continued until the infants reached 12 months of age . We describe maternal and infant morbidity and mortality in a cohort of HIV-1-infected and HIV-1-uninfected mothers . Maternal and infant factors associated with mortality risk in the infants were assessed using Cox proportional hazard modeling . Among 2292 HIV-1-infected mothers , 166 -LRB- 7.2 % -RRB- had a serious adverse event -LRB- SAE -RRB- and 42 -LRB- 1.8 % -RRB- died , whereas no deaths occurred among the 331 HIV-1 uninfected mothers . Four hundred twenty-four -LRB- 17.8 % -RRB- of 2383 infants had an SAE and 349 -LRB- 16.4 % -RRB- died before the end of follow-up . Infants with early HIV-1 infection -LRB- birth to 4-6 weeks -RRB- had the highest mortality . Among infants born to HIV-1-infected women , maternal morbidity and mortality -LRB- P = 0.0001 -RRB- , baseline CD4 count -LRB- P = 0.0002 -RRB- , and baseline plasma HIV-1 RNA concentration -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- were significant predictors of infant mortality in multivariate analyses . The high mortality among infants with early HIV-1 infection supports access to HIV-1 diagnostics and appropriate early treatment for all infants of HIV-1-infected mothers . The significant association between stage of maternal HIV-1 infection and infant mortality supports routine CD4 counts at the time of prenatal HIV-1 testing . Diagnosis of human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- is essential for accessing treatment . Current HIV diagnostic protocols for infants require adaptation and validation before they can be implemented in the developing world . The timing and type of HIV assays will be dictated by country-specific circumstances and
Multiple ports were placed through a single incision in the umbilicus to allow for liver retraction , visualization , and the working instruments . None of the critical steps of the standard pars flaccida technique were altered . A total of 22 patients were carefully selected and included 20 women and 2 men , with an age range of 18-67 years -LRB- mean 42 -RRB- . The mean body mass index was 42 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- range 35-45 -RRB- . The exclusion criteria included hepatomegaly , central obesity , previous abdominal surgery , and super-obesity . The mean operative time was 84 minutes -LRB- range 53-111 -RRB- . All patients were discharged home within the 23-hour admission , and no perioperative complications were noted . In addition , no wound-related complications developed . One patient required conversion to conventional laparoscopy . No intraoperative or postoperative complications occurred . In our experience , LESS surgery for adjustable gastric band placement shows this technique to be both feasible and safe in selected patients to date . Although technical limitations exist that will be improved on , additional studies are needed to compare LESS surgery for placement of an adjustable gastric band with traditional laparoscopic techniques . Transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 -LRB- HIV-1 -RRB- by homologous blood transfusion in the United States -LRB- US -RRB- is minimized by the deferral of potential donors who are at risk for HIV-1 infection and by the screening of all donations for HIV-1 antibody . HIV-1-seropositive donors at 20 blood centers were studied for information to be used in evaluating the safety of the US blood supply and making recommendations to increase that safety . From June 1988 to August 1989 , 829 -LRB- 0.04 % -RRB- of 2,192,000 donors were found to be seropositive ; 512 were interviewed . Of 388 seropositive men , 56 percent had had sex with men , 10 percent had used drugs intravenously , 8 percent had had sex with intravenous drug users , and 27 percent had no identified risk . Of 124 seropositive women , 58 percent had had sex with men at risk for HIV -LRB- 81 % of whom used drugs intravenously -RRB- , 5 percent had used drugs intravenously , and 41 percent had no identified risk . The 157 persons with no identified risk had demographic characteristics and serologic test results for syphilis and hepatitis B that were more similar to those of HIV-1-seropositive donors with recognized risk than to those of seronegative donors . Three health care worker-blood donors -LRB- from an estimated 93,100 health care worker-donors -RRB- had infection that was probably acquired occupationally . At present , laparoscopic cholecystectomy is the treatment of choice for gallbladder stones . The operating technique reported by most authors includes the use of four trocars . We report a group of 710 consecutive patients treated by an original three-trocar technique . The use of the fourth trocar was necessary in only 55 cases -LRB- 8 % -RRB- . However , among 56 cases of acute cholecystitis the use of the fourth trocar was necessary in 14 cases -LRB- 25 % -RRB- -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- . Twenty-six laparoscopies were converted to open procedures -LRB- 3.6 % -RRB- . Four common bile duct injuries were observed -LRB- 0.5 % -RRB- : two of them among the 655 operations with three trocars -LRB- 0.3 % -RRB- and two after application of the fourth trocar at the beginning of the procedure because of dissection difficulties . Our results are similar to those using the `` classic '' four-trocar technique . Moreover , this technique is less expensive and allows one less scar .
To examine the prevalence of anxiety and depression longitudinally in a sample of patients with a spinal cord injury -LRB- SCI -RRB- . A prospective , longitudinal , multiple wave panel design with measures taken on 14 observational periods ranging from initial contact in the acute stages of hospitalization to 2 years ' postdischarge to the community . The National Spinal Injuries Centre , Stoke Mandeville Hospital , Aylesbury , UK , and the general community . The cohort consisted of 104 patients with traumatic SCI -LRB- 19 women , 85 men -RRB- , although the numbers assessed at each interval ranged from 5 to 85 . Measures included the Beck Depression Inventory , the Beck Hopelessness scale , the State Anxiety Inventory , the functional independence measure , and the Social Support Questionnaire . When examined longitudinally , the data illustrate a consistent pattern of results across measures , with scores highest in the acute phase of the injury and during the months leading up to discharge . The numbers of persons scoring above clinical cut-off scores for anxiety and depression highlight the need to continue to ensure that appropriate psychological care is available within SCI rehabilitation settings . Moreover , the nature of the longitudinal results provides an indicator of subtle changes in anxiety and depression over time . The extreme difficulty with which persons with severe disabilities have been taught to maneuver a power wheelchair has been described in case studies , and anecdotal evidence suggests the existence of a patient population for whom mobility is severely limited if not impossible given currently available power wheelchair control interfaces . Since our review of the literature provided little evidence either in support or refutation of the adequacy of existing power wheelchair control interfaces , we surveyed 200 practicing clinicians , asking them to provide information about their patients and to give their impressions of the potential usefulness of a new power wheelchair navigation technology . Significant survey results were : Clinicians indicated that 9 to 10 percent of patients who receive power wheelchair training find it extremely difficult or impossible to use the wheelchair for activities of daily living . When asked specifically about steering and maneuvering tasks , the percentage of patients reported to find these difficult or impossible jumped to 40 . Eighty-five percent of responding clinicians reported seeing some number of patients each year who can not use a power wheelchair because they lack the requisite motor skills , strength , or visual acuity . Of these clinicians , 32 percent -LRB- 27 percent of all respondents -RRB- reported seeing at least as many patients who can not use a power wheelchair as who can . Nearly half of patients unable to control a power wheelchair by conventional methods would benefit from an automated navigation system , according to the clinicians who treat them . We believe these results indicate a need , not for more innovation in steering interfaces , but for entirely new technologies for supervised autonomous navigation . This study aimed to assess the effectiveness of gait training using body weight support on a treadmill compared with conventional gait training for people with subacute stroke who were unable to walk . This was a single-blind , randomized , controlled trial with a 6-month follow-up . Ninety-seven subjects were recruited within 6 weeks of stroke onset and were randomly assigned to conventional rehabilitative treatment plus gait training with body weight support on a treadmill -LRB- experimental group ; n = 52 -RRB- and conventional treatment with overground gait training only -LRB- control group ; n = 45 -RRB- . All subjects were treated in 60-minute sessions every weekday for 4 weeks . Outcome measures were Motricity Index , Trunk Control test , Barthel Index , Functional Ambulation Categories , 10-meter and 6-minute Walk Tests , and Walking Handicap Scale . Assessments were made at baseline , after 20 sessions of treatment , 2 weeks after treatment , and 6 months after stroke . After treatment , all patients were able to walk . Both groups showed improvement in all outcome measures -LRB- P < 0.0063 -RRB- at the end of the treatment and at follow-up . No differences were seen between the 2 groups before , during , and after treatment and at follow-up . In subacute patients with stroke , gait training on a treadmill with body weight support is feasible and as effective as conventional gait training . However , the need for more personnel for treadmill training makes the use of robotically assisted systems more compelling . Treadmill training with body weight support -LRB- TTBWS -RRB- for relearning walking ability after brain damage is an approach under current investigation . Efficiency of this method beyond traditional training is lacking evidence , especially in patients needing walking assistance after stroke . The objective of this study was to investigate change in walking and transfer abilities , comparing TTBWS with traditional walking training . A single-blinded , randomized controlled trial was conducted . Sixty patients referred for multi-disciplinary primary rehabilitation were assigned into one of two intervention groups , one received 30 sessions of TTBWS plus traditional training , the other traditional training alone . Daily training was 1 hr . Outcome measures were Functional Ambulation Categories -LRB- FAC -RRB- , Walking , Functional Independence Measure -LRB- FIM -RRB- ; shorter transfer and stairs , 10 m and 6-min walk tests . Substantial improvements in walking and transfer were shown within both groups after 5 and 11 weeks of intervention . Overall no statistical significant differences were found between the groups , but 12 of 17 physical measures tended to show improvements in favour of the treadmill approach . Both training strategies provided significant improvements in the tested activities , suggesting that similar outcomes can be obtained in the two modalities by systematic , intensive and goal directed training . To evaluate the effectiveness of a treadmill and overground walking program in
We sought to determine whether the risk of lung cancer varies predictably among smokers . We used data on 18 172 subjects enrolled in the Carotene and Retinol Efficacy Trial -LRB- CARET -RRB- - a large , randomized trial of lung cancer prevention-to derive a lung cancer risk prediction model . We assessed the model 's calibration by comparing predicted and observed rates of lung cancer across risk deciles and validated it by assessing the extent to which a model estimated on data from five CARET study sites could predict events in the sixth study site . We then applied the model to evaluate the risk of lung cancer among smokers enrolled in a study of lung cancer screening with computed tomography -LRB- CT -RRB- . The model was internally valid and well calibrated . Ten-year lung cancer risk varied greatly among participants in the CT study , from 15 % for a 68-year-old man who has smoked two packs per day for 50 years and continues to smoke , to 0.8 % for a 51-year-old woman who smoked one pack per day for 28 years before quitting 9 years earlier . Even among the subset of CT study participants who would be eligible for a clinical trial of cancer prevention , risk varied greatly . The risk of lung cancer varies widely among smokers .
Definition of the optimal left ventricular -LRB- LV -RRB- lead position in cardiac resynchronisation therapy -LRB- CRT -RRB- is desirable . To define the optimal LV lead position in CRT and assess the effectiveness of CRT depending on the LV lead position using new myocardial deformation imaging . Myocardial deformation imaging based on tracking of acoustic tissue pixels in two-dimensional echocardiographic images -LRB- EchoPAC , GE ultrasound -RRB- was performed in 47 patients with heart failure at baseline and during CRT . In a 36-segment LV model the segment with the latest peak systolic circumferential strain before CRT was determined . The segment with maximal temporal difference in peak systolic circumferential strain on CRT compared with before CRT was assumed to be the LV lead position . The optimal LV lead position was defined as concurrence or immediate neighbouring of the segment with the latest contraction before CRT and those with assumed LV lead location . 25 patients had optimal and 22 non-optimal LV lead positions . Before CRT , the LV ejection fraction -LRB- EF -RRB- and peak oxygen consumption -LRB- Vo2max -RRB- were similar in patients with optimal and non-optimal LV lead positions -LRB- mean -LRB- SD -RRB- EF = 31.4 -LRB- 6.1 -RRB- % vs 30.3 -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- % and Vo2max = 14.2 -LRB- 1.8 -RRB- vs 14.0 -LRB- 2.1 -RRB- ml/min/kg , respectively -RRB- . Concordance of the LV lead site and location of the latest systolic contraction before CRT results in greater improvement in EF and cardiopulmonary workload than the non-optimal LV lead position . To assess if myocardial deformation imaging allows definition of an optimal left ventricular -LRB- LV -RRB- lead position with improved effectiveness of cardiac resynchronization therapy -LRB- CRT -RRB- on LV reverse remodelling . Myocardial deformation imaging was used to determine -LRB- 1 -RRB- the segment with latest peak negative systolic circumferential strain prior to CRT , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the segment with maximal temporal difference of peak strain before-to-on CRT as the segment with greatest benefit of CRT and assumed LV lead position . Anatomic LV lead position was determined by fluoroscopy . Optimal LV lead position was defined as concordance or immediate neighbouring of the segment with latest systolic strain prior to CRT and segment with assumed LV lead position . Agreement of assumed LV lead position based on strain analysis and LV lead position defined by fluoroscopy were high -LRB- kappa = 0.847 -RRB- . At 10 month follow-up , there was greater increase of EF -LRB- 12 + / - 3 vs. 7 + / - 4 % , P < 0.001 -RRB- , greater decrease of left ventricular end-diastolic volume -LRB- LVEDV -RRB- -LRB- 23 + / - 8 vs. 13 + / - 7 mL , P < 0.001 -RRB- and left ventricular end-systolic volume -LRB- LVESV -RRB- -LRB- 42 + / - 10 vs. 27 + / - 8 mL , P < 0.001 -RRB- , and greater increase of VO -LRB- 2 -RRB- max -LRB- 2.8 + / - 0.8 vs. 1.9 + / - 1.0 mL/kg/min , P = 0.035 -RRB- in the optimal -LRB- n = 28 patients -RRB- compared to the non-optimal LV lead position group -LRB- n = 19 patients -RRB- . The distance between segment with latest systolic strain prior to CRT and segment with assumed LV lead position was the only independent predictor of DeltaLVEDV and DeltaLVESV at 10 month follow-up -LRB- R -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0.2175 , P = 0.0197 -RRB- and -LRB- R -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0.3774 , P = 0.0054 -RRB- , respectively . Detailed analysis of the myocardial contraction sequence using circumferential strain imaging allows determination of the LV lead position in CRT . Optimal LV lead position in CRT defined by circumferential strain analysis results in greater improvement in LV function and more LV reverse remodelling than non-optimal LV lead position .
To test the hypothesis that a novel phase-contrast optical coherence tomography -LRB- OCT -RRB- system can image retinal and choroidal vessels in the living mouse . A high-speed spectral domain optical coherence tomography -LRB- SDOCT -RRB- system , which measures the reflections for the entire depth of the retina at once with each axial scan -LRB- A-scan -RRB- , was developed for mouse retinal imaging . Acquiring multiple A-scans over a transverse line across the mouse retina offers a two-dimensional cross-sectional image -LRB- B-scan -RRB- ; several neighboring B-scans can be assembled into a three-dimensional OCT image . To visualize mobility and transverse flow in retinal vessels , the statistical variance of phase for each location was calculated from multiple B-scans acquired successively for the same retinal cross-section . Three-dimensional phase-contrast images of the live mouse retina were created using multiple two-dimensional cross-sectional image slices through the retina . For the data presented here , each cross-sectional phase-contrast slice resulted from five images of 100 or 200 transverse pixels , acquired over 25 ms or 50 ms , respectively . The approach offered clear identification of motion regions at different depths , including flow in the retinal microvasculature and in the choroidal vessels . Phase-contrast OCT enables three-dimensional visualization of retinal and choroidal vasculature in vivo . The possibility of measuring a full Doppler flow depth profile in parallel by use of frequency-domain optical coherence tomography is demonstrated . The Doppler frequency limit is 5 kHz for the presented measurements and is set by half of the frame rate of the CCD detector array . We measured the flow of 0.3-microm microspheres suspended in distilled water at controlled flow rates and in vitro human blood flow through a 200-microm capillary with a real-time color-encoded Doppler tomogram rate of 2-3 / s.
We describe the design , implementation and initial evaluation of a brief behavioral intervention for suicidal veterans seeking care at VA emergency departments . Initial findings of the feasibility and acceptability of the intervention suggest it may be transferable to diverse VA and non-VA settings , including community emergency departments and urgent care centers . Mental health related hospitalizations and suicide are both significant public health problems within the United States Department of Defense -LRB- DoD -RRB- . To date , few evidence-based suicide prevention programs have been developed for delivery to military personnel and family members admitted for psychiatric inpatient care due to suicidal self-directed violence . The purpose of this study is to test the efficacy of a brief , readily accessible , and personalized treatment called the Safety Planning Intervention -LRB- Stanley and Brown , 2012 -RRB- . Primary outcomes , measured by blinded assessors at one and six months following psychiatric discharge , include suicide ideation , suicide-related coping , and attitudes toward help seeking . Additionally , given the study 's focus on a highly vulnerable patient population , a description of safety considerations for human subjects ' participation is provided . Based on this research team 's experience , the implementation of an infrastructure in support of RCT research within DoD settings and the processing of regulatory approvals for a clinical trial with high risk suicidal patients are expected to take up to 18-24 months . Recommendations for expediting the advancement of clinical trials research within the DoD are provided in order to maximize cost efficacy and minimize the research to practice gap .
Observed response to regular exercise training differs widely between individuals even in tightly controlled research settings . However , the respective contributions of random error and true interindividual differences as well as the relative frequency of nonresponders are disputed . Specific challenges of analyses on the individual level as well as a striking heterogeneity in definitions may partly explain these inconsistent results . Repeated testing during the training phase specifically addresses the requirements of analyses on the individual level . Here we report a first implementation of this innovative design amendment in a head-to-head comparison of existing analytical approaches . To allow for comparative implementation of approaches we conducted a controlled endurance training trial -LRB- 1 yr walking/jogging , 3 days/wk for 45 min with 60 % heart rate reserve -RRB- in healthy , untrained subjects -LRB- n = 36 , age = 46 ± 8 yr ; body mass index 24.7 ± 2.7 kg/m <sup> 2 </sup> ; V̇o <sub> 2max </sub> 36.6 ± 5.4 -RRB- . In the training group additional V̇o <sub> 2max </sub> tests were conducted after 3 , 6 , and 9 mo. . Duration of the control condition was 6 mo due to ethical constraints . Individual training response of relevant magnitude -LRB- > 0.2 × baseline variability in V̇o <sub> 2max </sub> -RRB- could be demonstrated by several approaches . Regarding the classification of individuals , only 11 of 20 subjects were consistently classified , demonstrating remarkable disagreement between approaches . These results are in support of relevant interindividual variability in training efficacy and stress the limitations of a responder classification . Moreover , this proof-of-concept underlines the need for tailored methodological approaches for well-defined problems . NEW & NOTEWORTHY This work reports a first implementation of a repeated testing training trial for the investigation of individual response . This design amendment was recently proposed to address specifically the statistical requirements of analyses on the individual level . Moreover , a comprehensive comparison of previously published methods exemplifies the striking heterogeneity of existing approaches . To determine the separate effects of exercise amount and intensity on the rate of response for glucose and insulin variables , where rate of response was defined as the number of individuals with improvement in glucose and insulin values that was beyond the day-to-day variability of measurement . Participants were 171 sedentary , middle-aged abdominally obese adults who completed a 24-week intervention . Participants were randomly assigned to -LRB- 1 -RRB- no-exercise control -LRB- n = 51 -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- low-amount , low-intensity exercise -LRB- LALI , n = 38 -RRB- , -LRB- 3 -RRB- high-amount , low-intensity exercise -LRB- HALI , n = 52 -RRB- , or -LRB- 4 -RRB- high-amount , high-intensity exercise -LRB- HAHI , n = 30 -RRB- . Two-hour glucose , insulin area under the curve -LRB- AUC -RRB- , and fasting insulin were measured during a 2-hour , 75g oral glucose challenge . The day-to-day variability for these measures was calculated to be ± 2.2 mmol/L , ± 940.2 pmol/L , and ± 38.9 pmol/L , respectively . The number of nonresponders for insulin AUC was 88.0 % , 75.7 % , 75.0 % , 80.0 % in the control , LALI , HALI , and HAHI groups , respectively . The number of nonresponders for fasting insulin was 88.2 % , 84.2 % , 84.6 % , 93.3 % in the control , LALI , HALI , and HAHI groups , respectively . The rate of response was not different between control and any of the exercise groups for any measure -LRB- p > 0.05 -RRB- . The improvement in glucose and insulin measures did not exceed the day-to-day variability of measurement for approximately 80 % of the participants independent of exercise amount or intensity .
This paper presents a biopsychological theory of drug addiction , the ` Incentive-Sensitization Theory ' . The theory addresses three fundamental questions . The first is : why do addicts crave drugs ? That is , what is the psychological and neurobiological basis of drug craving ? The second is : why does drug craving persist even after long periods of abstinence ? The third is whether ` wanting ' drugs -LRB- drug craving -RRB- is attributable to ` liking ' drugs -LRB- to the subjective pleasurable effects of drugs -RRB- ? The theory posits the following . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Addictive drugs share the ability to enhance mesotelencephalic dopamine neurotransmission . -LRB- 2 -RRB- One psychological function of this neural system is to attribute ` incentive salience ' to the perception and mental representation of events associated with activation of the system . Incentive salience is a psychological process that transforms the perception of stimuli , imbuing them with salience , making them attractive , ` wanted ' , incentive stimuli . -LRB- 3 -RRB- In some individuals the repeated use of addictive drugs produces incremental neuroadaptations in this neural system , rendering it increasingly and perhaps permanently , hypersensitive -LRB- ` sensitized ' -RRB- to drugs and drug-associated stimuli . It is specifically the sensitization of incentive salience , therefore , that transforms ordinary ` wanting ' into excessive drug craving . Thus , sensitization of incentive salience can produce addictive behavior -LRB- compulsive drug seeking and drug taking -RRB- even if the expectation of drug pleasure or the aversive properties of withdrawal are diminished and even in the face of strong disincentives , including the loss of reputation , job , home and family . We review evidence for this view of addiction and discuss its implications for understanding the psychology and neurobiology of addiction . The question of addiction concerns the process by which drug-taking behavior , in certain individuals , evolves into compulsive patterns of drug-seeking and drug-taking behavior that take place at the expense of most other activities , and the inability to cease drug-taking , that is , the problem of relapse . In this paper we summarize one view of this process , the `` incentive-sensitization '' view , which we first proposed in 1993 . Four major tenets of the incentive-sensitization view are discussed . These are : -LRB- 1 -RRB- potentially addictive drugs share the ability to alter brain organization ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- the brain systems that are altered include those normally involved in the process of incentive motivation and reward ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the critical neuroadaptations for addiction render these brain reward systems hypersensitive -LRB- `` sensitized '' -RRB- to drugs and drug-associated stimuli ; and -LRB- 4 -RRB- the brain systems that are sensitized do not mediate the pleasurable or euphoric effects of drugs -LRB- drug `` liking '' -RRB- , but instead they mediate a subcomponent of reward we have termed incentive salience -LRB- drug `` wanting '' -RRB- .
Interest in nephrology has been declining in recent years . Long work hours and a poor work/life balance may be partially responsible , and may also affect a fellowship 's educational mission . We surveyed nephrology program directors using a web-based survey in order to define current clinical and educational practice patterns and identify areas for improvement . Our survey explored fellowship program demographics , fellows ' workload , call structure , and education . Program directors were asked to estimate the average and maximum number of patients on each of their inpatient services , the number of patients seen by fellows in clinic , and to provide details regarding their overnight and weekend call . In addition , we asked about number of and composition of didactic conferences . Sixty-eight out of 148 program directors responded to the survey -LRB- 46 % -RRB- . The average number of fellows per program was approximately seven . The busiest inpatient services had a mean of 21.5 ± 5.9 patients on average and 33.8 ± 10.7 at their maximum . The second busiest services had an average and maximum of 15.6 ± 6.0 and 24.5 ± 10.8 patients , respectively . Transplant-only services had fewer patients than other service compositions . A minority of services -LRB- 14.5 % -RRB- employed physician extenders . Fellows most commonly see patients during a single weekly continuity clinic , with a typical fellow-to-faculty ratio of 2:1 . The majority of programs do not alter outpatient responsibilities during inpatient service time . Most programs -LRB- approximately 75 % -RRB- divided overnight and weekend call responsibilities equally between first year and more senior fellows . Educational practices varied widely between programs . Our survey underscores the large variety in workload , practice patterns , and didactics at different institutions and provides a framework to help improve the service/education balance in nephrology fellowships . The University of Missouri , Missouri Telehealth Network has partnered with the State of Missouri to build provider capacity and increase healthcare outcomes in rural Missouri in six disease states . The Show-Me ECHO project was created in 2014 , continuously going through program evaluation . Data on participants ' attendance , case presentations , awarded CMEs and self-efficacy are collected and evaluated . In addition , cost-savings data will be available after the first year of the project . Most of the participants were PhD or Master level patient providers -LRB- 42 % -RRB- , followed by physicians -LRB- 25 % -RRB- , and nurses -LRB- 23 % -RRB- , Telehealth provider mentoring and case-based learning are an effective way of influencing provider and patient behavior change in a way that may improve patient outcomes . Osteoporosis is a common condition with serious consequences because of fractures . Despite availability of treatments to reduce fracture risk , there is a large osteoporosis treatment gap that has reached crisis proportions . There are too few specialists to provide services for patients who need them . Bone Health Extension for Community Health Care Outcomes -LRB- TeleECHO -RRB- is a strategy using real-time ongoing videoconferencing technology to mentor health care professionals in rural and underserved communities to achieve an advanced level of knowledge for the care of patients with skeletal diseases . Over the first 21 months of weekly Bone Health TeleECHO programs , there were 263 registered health care professionals in the United States and several other countries , with 221 attending at least 1 online clinic and typically 35 to 40 attendees at each session at the end of the reported period . Bone Health TeleECHO can contribute to mitigating the crisis in osteoporosis care by leveraging scarce resources , providing motivated practitioners with skills to provide better skeletal health care , closer to home , with greater convenience , and lower cost than referral to a specialty center . Bone Health TeleECHO can be replicated in any location worldwide to reach anyone with Internet access , allowing access in local time zones and languages . The ECHO model of learning can be applied to other aspects of bone care , including the education of fracture liaison service coordinators , residents and fellows , and physicians with an interest in rare bone diseases . Flipped classroom -LRB- FC -RRB- instruction has become increasingly common in graduate medical education -LRB- GME -RRB- . The purpose of this study was to profile the use of FC in the GME setting and assess the current status of research quality . We conducted a systematic literature search of major health and social science databases from July 2017 to July 2018 . Articles were screened to ensure they described use of the FC method in an Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education-accredited residency program and included research outcomes . Resulting articles were analyzed , described , and evaluated for research quality using the Kirkpatrick framework and the Medical Education Research Study Quality Instrument -LRB- MERSQI -RRB- . Twenty-two articles were identified , all of which were recently published . Five were only indirectly related to FC methods . Most studies reported Kirkpatrick-level outcomes . Studies involving resident learner opinions were generally positive . Pre-posttest studies resulted in large positive improvements in knowledge or skills attainment . Control group study results ranged from large positive -LRB- 1.56 -RRB- to negative effects -LRB- -0.51 -RRB- . Average MERSQI scores of 12.1 -LRB- range , 8.5-15.5 -RRB- were comparable to GME research norms . Varying methods for implementing and studying the FC in GME has led to variable results . While residents expressed a positive attitude toward FC learning , shortcomings were reported . Approximately half of the studies comparing the flipped to the traditional classroom reported better achievement under the FC design . As indicated by the MERSQI score , studies captured by this review , on average , were as rigorous as typical research on residency education .
Recent progress in quantitative ultrasound has exploited the multimode waveguide response of long bones . Measurements of the guided modes , along with suitable waveguide modeling , have the potential to infer strength-related factors such as stiffness -LRB- mainly determined by cortical porosity -RRB- and cortical thickness . However , the development of such model-based approaches is challenging , in particular because of the multiparametric nature of the inverse problem . Current estimation methods in the bone field rely on a number of assumptions for pairing the incomplete experimental data with the theoretical guided modes -LRB- e.g. semi-automatic selection and classification of the data -RRB- . The availability of an alternative inversion scheme that is user-independent is highly desirable . Thus , this paper introduces an efficient inversion method based on genetic algorithms using multimode guided waves , in which the mode-order is kept blind . Further , the cortical thickness estimated from in vivo measurements at the third from the distal end of the radius is in good agreement with the values delivered by site-matched high-resolution x-ray peripheral computed tomography . Osteoporosis research has focused on vertebral fractures and trabecular bone loss . However , non-vertebral fractures at predominantly cortical sites account for 80 % of all fractures and most fracture-related morbidity and mortality in old age . We aimed to re-examine cortical bone as a source of bone loss in the appendicular skeleton . In this cross-sectional study , we used high-resolution peripheral CT to quantify and compare cortical and trabecular bone loss from the distal radius of adult women , and measured porosity using scanning electron microscopy . Exclusion criteria were diseases or prescribed drugs affecting bone metabolism . We also measured bone mineral density of post-mortem hip specimens from female cadavers using densitometry . Age-related differences in total , cortical , and trabecular bone mass , trabecular bone of cortical origin , and cortical and trabecular densities were calculated . We investigated 122 white women with a mean age of 62.8 -LRB- range 27-98 -RRB- years . Between ages 50 and 80 years -LRB- n = 89 -RRB- , 72.1 mg -LRB- 95 % CI 67.7-76.4 -RRB- hydroxyapatite -LRB- 68 % -RRB- of 106.5 mg hydroxyapatite of bone lost at the distal radius was cortical and 34.3 mg -LRB- 30.5-37.8 -RRB- hydroxyapatite -LRB- 32 % -RRB- was trabecular ; 17.1 mg -LRB- 11.7-22.5 -RRB- hydroxyapatite -LRB- 16 % -RRB- of total bone loss occurred between ages 50 and 64 years -LRB- n = 34 -RRB- and 89.4 mg -LRB- 83.7-101.1 -RRB- hydroxyapatite -LRB- 84 % -RRB- after age 65 years -LRB- n = 55 -RRB- . Remodelling within cortex adjacent to the marrow accounted for 49.9 mg -LRB- 45.4-53.7 -RRB- hydroxyapatite -LRB- 47 % -RRB- of bone loss . Between ages 50-64 years -LRB- n = 34 -RRB- and 80 years and older -LRB- n = 33 -RRB- , cortical density decreased by 127.8 mg -LRB- 93.1-162.1 -RRB- hydroxyapatite per cm -LRB- 3 -RRB- -LRB- 15 % , p < 0.0001 -RRB- before porosity trabecularising the cortex was included , but 374.3 mg -LRB- 318.2-429.5 -RRB- hydroxyapatite per cm -LRB- 3 -RRB- -LRB- 43 % , p < 0.0001 -RRB- after ; trabecular density decreased by 18.2 mg -LRB- -1.4 to 38.2 -RRB- hydroxyapatite per cm -LRB- 3 -RRB- -LRB- 14 % , p = 0.06 -RRB- before cortical remnants were excluded , but 68.7 mg -LRB- 37.7-90.4 -RRB- hydroxyapatite per cm -LRB- 3 -RRB- -LRB- 52 % , p < 0.0001 -RRB- after . Accurate assessment of bone structure , especially porosity producing cortical remnants , could improve identification of individuals at high and low risk of fracture and therefore assist targeting of treatment . Australia National Health and Medical Research Council .
The acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- ARDS -RRB- was defined in 1994 by the American-European Consensus Conference -LRB- AECC -RRB- ; since then , issues regarding the reliability and validity of this definition have emerged . Using a consensus process , a panel of experts convened in 2011 -LRB- an initiative of the European Society of Intensive Care Medicine endorsed by the American Thoracic Society and the Society of Critical Care Medicine -RRB- developed the Berlin Definition , focusing on feasibility , reliability , validity , and objective evaluation of its performance . A draft definition proposed 3 mutually exclusive categories of ARDS based on degree of hypoxemia : mild -LRB- 200 mm Hg < PaO2/FIO2 ≤ 300 mm Hg -RRB- , moderate -LRB- 100 mm Hg < PaO2/FIO2 ≤ 200 mm Hg -RRB- , and severe -LRB- PaO2/FIO2 ≤ 100 mm Hg -RRB- and 4 ancillary variables for severe ARDS : radiographic severity , respiratory system compliance -LRB- ≤ 40 mL/cm H2O -RRB- , positive end-expiratory pressure -LRB- ≥ 10 cm H2O -RRB- , and corrected expired volume per minute -LRB- ≥ 10 L/min -RRB- . The draft Berlin Definition was empirically evaluated using patient-level meta-analysis of 4188 patients with ARDS from 4 multicenter clinical data sets and 269 patients with ARDS from 3 single-center data sets containing physiologic information . The 4 ancillary variables did not contribute to the predictive validity of severe ARDS for mortality and were removed from the definition . This updated and revised Berlin Definition for ARDS addresses a number of the limitations of the AECC definition .
Thromboembolic disease is a common complication of total hip arthroplasty . The purpose of this study was to compare a new mobile compression device with low-molecular-weight heparin with regard to their safety and effectiveness for the prevention of venous thromboembolic disease . Patients who had a total hip arthroplasty were randomized to receive prophylaxis with a mobile compression device or low-molecular-weight heparin for ten days . Use of the compression device began intraoperatively , and the patients in this group could receive 81 mg of aspirin daily after the surgery . The first injection of the low-molecular-weight heparin began between twelve and twenty-four hours after the surgery . After ten to twelve days , all patients underwent bilateral lower-extremity duplex ultrasonography to screen for deep venous thrombi in the calf and thigh . Any clinical symptoms of pulmonary embolism were evaluated with spiral computed tomography lung scans . Bleeding events and utilization of -LRB- i.e. , compliance with -RRB- prophylactic treatment in both groups were documented . Clinical evaluation to look for evidence of deep venous thrombi and pulmonary emboli was performed at twelve weeks postoperatively . Four hundred and ten patients -LRB- 414 hips -RRB- were randomized ; 392 of these patients -LRB- 395 of the hips -RRB- were evaluable with regard to the safety of the intervention and 386 patients -LRB- 389 hips -RRB- were evaluable with regard to its efficacy . Demographics were similar clinically between the groups . The rate of major bleeding events was 0 % in the compression group and 6 % in the low-molecular-weight heparin group . Within the twelve-week follow-up period , two events -LRB- one deep venous thrombosis and one pulmonary embolus -RRB- occurred in one patient in the compression group following negative findings on duplex ultrasonography on the twelfth postoperative day . There was no difference between the groups with regard to the prevalence of venous thromboembolism . When compared with low-molecular-weight heparin , use of the mobile compression device for prophylaxis against venous thromboembolic events following total hip arthroplasty resulted in a significant decrease in major bleeding events .
Identifying biological and clinical markers of treatment response in depression is an area of intense research that holds promise for increasing the efficiency and efficacy of resolving a major depressive episode and preventing future episodes . Collateral benefits include decreased healthcare costs and increased workplace productivity . Despite research advances in many areas , efforts to identify biomarkers have not revealed any consistently validated candidates . Studies of clinical characteristics , genetic , neuroimaging , and various biochemical markers have all shown promise in discrete studies , but these findings have not translated into a personalized medicine approach to treating individual patients in the clinic . We propose that an integrated study of a range of biomarker candidates from across different modalities is required . Through an informatics-based integration of the various clinical , molecular and imaging parameters that are known to be important in the pathophysiology of depression , it becomes possible to encompass the complexity of contributing factors and phenotypic presentations of depression , and identify the key signatures of treatment response . Major Depressive Disorder -LRB- MDD -RRB- is among the most prevalent and disabling medical conditions worldwide . Identification of clinical and biological markers -LRB- `` biomarkers '' -RRB- of treatment response could personalize clinical decisions and lead to better outcomes . This paper describes the aims , design , and methods of a discovery study of biomarkers in antidepressant treatment response , conducted by the Canadian Biomarker Integration Network in Depression -LRB- CAN-BIND -RRB- . The CAN-BIND research program investigates and identifies biomarkers that help to predict outcomes in patients with MDD treated with antidepressant medication . The primary objective of this initial study -LRB- known as CAN-BIND-1 -RRB- is to identify individual and integrated neuroimaging , electrophysiological , molecular , and clinical predictors of response to sequential antidepressant monotherapy and adjunctive therapy in MDD . CAN-BIND-1 is a multisite initiative involving 6 academic health centres working collaboratively with other universities and research centres . In the 16-week protocol , patients with MDD are treated with a first-line antidepressant -LRB- escitalopram 10-20 mg/d -RRB- that , if clinically warranted after eight weeks , is augmented with an evidence-based , add-on medication -LRB- aripiprazole 2-10 mg/d -RRB- . Comprehensive datasets are obtained using clinical rating scales ; behavioural , dimensional , and functioning/quality of life measures ; neurocognitive testing ; genomic , genetic , and proteomic profiling from blood samples ; combined structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging ; and electroencephalography . De-identified data from all sites are aggregated within a secure neuroinformatics platform for data integration , management , storage , and analyses . Statistical analyses will include multivariate and machine-learning techniques to identify predictors , moderators , and mediators of treatment response . From June 2013 to February 2015 , a cohort of 134 participants -LRB- 85 outpatients with MDD and 49 healthy participants -RRB- has been evaluated at baseline . Recruitment at all sites is ongoing to a target sample of 290 participants . CAN-BIND will identify biomarkers of treatment response in MDD through extensive clinical , molecular , and imaging assessments , in order to improve treatment practice and clinical outcomes . It will also create an innovative , robust platform and database for future research . ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT01655706 . Registered July 27 , 2012 .
The lack of pathognomonic findings and the chance of complicated disease have resulted in the widespread use of additional imaging to diagnose acute colonic diverticulitis -LRB- ACD -RRB- . The added value of additional imaging in the diagnostic workup of patients suspected of ACD is not well defined . The aim of this study was to systematically review the literature of the accuracy of the clinical evaluation and diagnostic modalities for patients with suspected ACD , to come to an evidence-based approach to diagnose ACD . A systematic review and meta-analysis of studies that reported diagnostic accuracy of the clinical diagnosis and diagnostic modalities in patients with suspected diverticulitis were performed . Study quality was assessed with the STARD checklist . True-positive , true-negative , false-positive , and false-negative findings were extracted and pooled estimates of sensitivity and specificity per diagnostic test were calculated , if applicable . The overall quality of the studies reporting the diagnostic accuracy of the clinical diagnosis , contrast enema and magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- were moderate to poor and not suitable for meta-analysis . Sensitivity of the clinical diagnosis varied between 64 % and 68 % . Ultrasound -LRB- US -RRB- and computed tomography -LRB- CT -RRB- studies were eligible for meta-analysis . Summary sensitivity estimates for US were 90 % -LRB- 95 % CI : 76-98 % -RRB- versus 95 % -LRB- 95 % CI : 91-97 % -RRB- for CT -LRB- p = 0.86 -RRB- . Sensitivity of contrast enema studies varied between 80 % and 83 % . In two-thirds of the patients , the diagnosis of ACD can be made based on clinical evaluation alone . In one-third of the patients , additional imaging is a necessity to establish the diagnosis . US and CT are comparable in diagnosing diverticulitis and superior to other modalities . CT has the advantage of higher specificity and the ability to identify alternative diagnoses . The role of MRI is not yet clear in diagnosing ACD . Contrast enema is considered an obsolete imaging technique to diagnose ACD based on lower sensitivity and specificity than US and CT. . A step-up approach with CT performed after an inconclusive or negative US , seems a logical and safe approach for patients suspected of ACD . To appraise the literature on the diagnosis of acute colonic diverticulitis by ultrasound -LRB- US -RRB- , computed tomography -LRB- CT -RRB- , barium enema -LRB- BE -RRB- and magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- . The databases of Pub Med , the Cochrane Library and EMBASE were searched for articles on the diagnosis of diverticulitis published up to November 2005 . Studies where US , CT , BE , or MRI were compared with a reference standard on consecutive or randomly selected patients were included . Three examiners independently read the articles according to a prespecified protocol . In case of disagreement consensus was sought . The level of evidence of each article was classified according to the criteria of the Centre for Evidence-Based Medicine -LRB- CEBM -RRB- , Oxford , UK . Forty-nine articles relevant to the subject were found and read in full . Twenty-nine of these were excluded . Among the remaining 20 articles , only one study , evaluating both US and CT reached level of evidence 1b according to the CEBM criteria . Two US studies and one MRI study reached level 2b . The remaining studies were level 4 . The best evidence for diagnosis of diverticulitis in the literature is on US . Only one small study of good quality was found for CT and for MRI-colonoscopy . Acute diverticulitis -LRB- AD -RRB- results from inflammation of a colonic diverticulum . It is the most common cause of acute left lower-quadrant pain in adults and represents a common reason for acute hospitalization , as it affects over half of the population over 65 years with a prevalence that increases with age . Although 85 % of colonic diverticulitis will recover with a nonoperative treatment , some patients may have complications such as abscesses , fistulas , obstruction , and / or perforation at presentation . For these reasons , different classifications were introduced through times to help clinicians to develop a correct diagnosis and guide the treatment and for the same reasons imaging is used in most cases both to realise a differential diagnosis and to guide the therapeutic management . US and CT are both usefull in diagnosis of diverticolitis , and their sensibility and specificity are similar . However CT scanning is essential for investigating complicated diverticular disease especially where there are diffuse signs and clinical suspicion of secondary peritonitis ; instead in most uncomplicated cases the experienced sonographer may quickly confirm a diagnosis guided by the clinical signs . US is to be recommended in premenopausal women , and in young people to reduce dose exposure .
The authors present five major issues affecting the organization of simulation programs : -LRB- 1 -RRB- supporting both single - and double-loop learning experiences ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- managing the training of simulation teaching faculty ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- optimizing the participant mix , including individuals , professional groups , teams , and other role-players , to ensure learning ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- balancing in situ , node-based , and center-based simulation delivery ; and -LRB- 5 -RRB- organizing simulation research and measuring value . They then introduce the SimZones innovation , a system of organization for simulation-based learning , and explain how it can alleviate the problems associated with these five issues.Simulations are divided into four zones -LRB- Zones 0-3 -RRB- . Zone 0 simulations include autofeedback exercises typically practiced by solitary learners , often using virtual simulation technology . Zone 1 simulations include hands-on instruction of foundational clinical skills . Zone 2 simulations include acute situational instruction , such as clinical mock codes . Zone 3 simulations involve authentic , native teams of participants and facilitate team and system development.The authors also discuss the translation of debriefing methods from Zone 3 simulations to real patient care settings -LRB- Zone 4 -RRB- , and they illustrate how the SimZones approach can enable the development of longitudinal learning systems in both teaching and nonteaching hospitals . The SimZones approach was initially developed in the context of the Boston Children 's Hospital Simulator Program , which the authors use to illustrate this innovation in action . We describe the effect of simulation-based education on residents ' adherence to protocols for and performance of central venous access . Internal medicine and emergency medicine residents underwent a central venous access course that included a lecture , video presentation , readings , and simulation demonstrations presented by faculty . Baseline data were collected before the course was initiated . After a skills session where they rehearsed their ultrasound-guided central venous access skills , residents were evaluated using a procedural checklist and written knowledge exam . Residents also completed questionnaires regarding confidence in performing ultrasound-guided central venous access and opinions about the training course . Residents demonstrated significant improvement on the written knowledge exam -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- and Standard Protocol Checklist -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- after the training course . Training improved a number of patient safety elements , including adherence to sterile technique , transparent dressing , discarding sharps , and ordering postprocedure x-rays . However , a number of residents failed to wash their hands , prepare with chlorhexidine , drape the patient using a sterile technique , anesthetize the site , and perform a preprocedure time-out . Significant improvement in procedural skills was also noted for reduction in skin-to-vein time -LRB- P < 0.003 -RRB- as well as a reduction in number of residents who punctured the carotid artery -LRB- P < 0.02 -RRB- . Simulation-based education significantly improved residents ' knowledge and procedural skills along with their confidence . Simulation has become a critical aspect of medical education . It allows health care providers the opportunity to focus on safety and high-risk situations in a protected environment . Recently , in situ simulation , which is performed in the actual clinical setting , has been used to recreate a more realistic work environment . This form of simulation allows for better team evaluation as the workers are in their traditional roles , and can reveal latent safety errors that often are not seen in typical simulation scenarios . We discuss the creation and implementation of a mobile in situ simulation program in emergency departments of three hospitals in Tuscany , Italy , including equipment , staffing , and start-up costs for this program . We also describe latent safety threats identified in the pilot in situ simulations . This novel approach has the potential to both reduce the costs of simulation compared to traditional simulation centers , and to expand medical simulation experiences to providers and healthcare organizations that do not have access to a large simulation center . Interest in applying cognitive load theory in health care simulation is growing . This line of inquiry requires measures that are sensitive to changes in cognitive load arising from different instructional designs . Recently , mental effort ratings and secondary task performance have shown promise as measures of cognitive load in health care simulation . We investigate the sensitivity of these measures to predicted differences in intrinsic load arising from variations in task complexity and learner expertise during simulation-based surgical skills training . We randomly assigned 28 novice medical students to simulation training on a simple or complex surgical knot-tying task . Participants completed 13 practice trials , interspersed with computer-based video instruction . On trials 1 , 5 , 9 and 13 , knot-tying performance was assessed using time and movement efficiency measures , and cognitive load was assessed using subjective rating of mental effort -LRB- SRME -RRB- and simple reaction time -LRB- SRT -RRB- on a vibrotactile stimulus-monitoring secondary task . Significant improvements in knot-tying performance -LRB- F -LRB- 1.04,24.95 -RRB- = 41.1 , p < 0.001 for movements ; F -LRB- 1.04,25.90 -RRB- = 49.9 , p < 0.001 for time -RRB- and reduced cognitive load -LRB- F -LRB- 2.3,58.5 -RRB- = 57.7 , p < 0.001 for SRME ; F -LRB- 1.8,47.3 -RRB- = 10.5 , p < 0.001 for SRT -RRB- were observed in both groups during training . The simple-task group demonstrated superior knot tying -LRB- F -LRB- 1,24 -RRB- = 5.2 , p = 0.031 for movements ; F -LRB- 1,24 -RRB- = 6.5 , p = 0.017 for time -RRB- and a faster decline in SRME over the first five trials -LRB- F -LRB- 1,26 -RRB- = 6.45 , p = 0.017 -RRB- compared with their peers . Although SRT followed a similar pattern , group differences were not statistically significant . Both secondary task performance and mental effort ratings are
A recombinant factor VIIa analog -LRB- NN1731 ; vatreptacog alfa -LSB- activated -RSB- -RRB- was developed to provide safe , rapid and sustained resolution of bleeds in patients with hemophilia and inhibitors . This global , prospective , randomized , double-blinded , active-controlled , dose-escalation trial evaluated and compared one to three doses of vatreptacog alfa at 5 , 10 , 20 , 40 , and 80 lg kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- with one to three doses of recombinant FVIIa -LRB- rFVIIa -RRB- at 90 lg kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- in the treatment of acute joint bleeds in hemophilia patients with inhibitors . The primary endpoint comprised adverse events ; secondary endpoints were evaluations of immunogenicity , pharmacokinetics , and efficacy . Overall , 96 joint bleeds in 51 patients -LRB- > 12 years of age -RRB- were dosed . Vatreptacog alfa was well tolerated , with a low frequency of adverse events . A high efficacy rate of vatreptacog alfa in controlling acute joint bleeds was observed ; 98 % of bleeds were controlled within 9 h of the initial dose in a combined evaluation of 20 -- 80 lg kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- vatreptacog alfa . The trial was not powered to compare efficacy , and further trials are needed to investigate the efficacy of vatreptacog alfa as compared with that of rFVIIa .
Possible changes in regional lung aeration were investigated using electrical impedance tomography -LRB- EIT -RRB- , an increasingly implied instrument for bedside monitoring of pulmonary aeration . Anesthetized patients were monitored with a 16-electrode EIT monitor for 2 min at four time points : -LRB- a -RRB- before and -LRB- b -RRB- after initiation of neuromuscular blockade -LRB- NMB -RRB- , -LRB- c -RRB- after dilatational tracheostomy -LRB- PDT -RRB- and -LRB- d -RRB- after a standardized recruitment maneuver -LRB- RM -RRB- following surgery , respectively . Global and regional ventilation was characterized by analysis of tidal impedance variation . While NMB had no detectable effect on EELI , PDT led to significantly reduced EELI in dorsal lung regions as compared to baseline , suggesting reduced regional aeration . This effect could be reversed by a standardized RM . Mean delta EELI from baseline -LRB- SE -RRB- was : NMB - 47 ± 62 ; PDT - 490 ± 180 ; RM - 89 ± 176 , values shown as arbitrary units -LRB- a.u. -RRB- . Analysis of regional tidal impedance variation , a robust measure of regional ventilation , did not show significant changes in ventilation distribution . Though changes of EELI might suggest temporary loss of aeration in dorsal lung regions , PDT does not lead to significant changes in either regional ventilation distribution or oxygenation .
CF101 , an A3 adenosine receptor -LRB- A3AR -RRB- agonist , is a small orally bioavailable molecule known to suppress in vitro the production of tumor necrosis factor-alpha -LRB- TNF-alpha -RRB- . We evaluated its therapeutic potential and antiinflammatory effects in 3 murine models of adjuvant induced arthritis -LRB- AIA -RRB- . The antiinflammatory effect of CF101 was examined in rat AIA , in mouse collagen induced arthritis , and in tropomyosin induced arthritis . The clinical effect of another A3AR agonist , Cl-IB-MECA , was examined in rat AIA . The effect of low dose -LRB- 10 or 100 mg/kg/day -RRB- A3AR agonists administered orally once daily on arthritis severity was assessed clinically and histologically . The effect of CF101 on the protein expression level of TNF-alpha in the synovial tissue , draining lymph nodes , and spleen cells was determined by Western blot . CF101 and Cl-IB-MECA markedly ameliorated the clinical and histological features of arthritis in the 3 models when administered orally at a low dose of 10 mg/kg body weight in the 3 autoimmune arthritis models . The lower dose of 10 mg/kg of either CF101 or Cl-IB-MECA had better antiinflammatory effect than the higher 100 mg/kg dose . Decreased expression of TNF-alpha was noted in protein extracts of synovia , draining lymph nodes , and spleen tissues . The results provide evidence that A3AR agonists exert significant antirheumatic effects in different autoimmune arthritis models by suppression of TNF-alpha production . The beneficial activity of the drugs at the low dose demonstrates that the effect is A3AR mediated . This receptor was also found to be overexpressed in peripheral blood mononuclear cells , reflecting receptor status in the remote inflammatory process . Second , A -LRB- 3 -RRB- AR activation with a specific agonist induces de-regulation of the NF-kappaB signaling pathway in inflammatory cells , as well as initiation of immunomodulatory effects . The A -LRB- 3 -RRB- AR agonist CF-101 -LRB- known generically as IB-MECA -RRB- induces anti-inflammatory effects in experimental animal models of collagen - and adjuvant-induced arthritis . Combined therapy with CF-101 and methotrexate in adjuvant-induced arthritis rats yielded an additive anti-inflammatory effect . Methotrexate induced upregulation of A -LRB- 3 -RRB- AR , rendering the inflammatory cells more susceptible to CF-101 . In Phase I and in Phase IIa human studies , CF-101 was safe , well tolerated and showed strong evidence of an anti-inflammatory effect in rheumatoid arthritis patients . In peripheral blood mononuclear cells withdrawn from the patients at base line , a statistically significant correlation between A -LRB- 3 -RRB- AR expression level and response to the drug was noted . It is suggested that A -LRB- 3 -RRB- AR may serve as a biologic marker to predict patient response to the drug . Taken together , this information suggests that A -LRB- 3 -RRB- AR agonists may be a new family of orally bioavailable drugs to be developed as potent inhibitors of autoimmune-inflammatory diseases . To assess safety , tolerability , pharmacokinetics and hemodynamic effects of oral CF 101 , an A3 adenosine receptor -LRB- A3AR -RRB- agonist , in healthy men . One single and 1 repeated dose , parallel-group , ascending dose , double-blind and placebo-controlled study in normal volunteers . In the single dose study , n = 15 subjects received 1 , 5 or 10 mg oral CF101 ; in each group 1 subject received placebo , the remainder active CF101 . In the repeat-dose study , n = 28 subjects received repeated 12-hourly oral doses of CF 101 -LRB- 2 , 3 , 4 or 5 mg -RRB- for 7 days , in each group 2 subjects received placebo , the remainder active CF101 . TEST MATERIALS : Single-dose study : CF101 in 30 % Cremophor RH40 . Multiple-dose sudy : CF101 in 0.5 % methylcellulose suspension . Both studies : the corresponding vehicles were used as placebos . Galenicals were prepared remotely from the clinical study site to ensure double-blind nature of the study . RESULTS TOLERABILITY : Single doses up to 5 mg CF101 were safe and well-tolerated . However , the single dose of 10 mg CF101 was associated with flushing , tachycardia , nausea and vomiting , which were viewed as dose-limiting in normal volunteers . Single doses of CF101 -LRB- as well as the first of the multiple doses -RRB- were associated with increases in heart rate -LRB- 8 - 24 beats/min after 5 mg and 18 - 55 beats/min after 10 mg -RRB- . However , the 5 mg multiple-dose group reported headache , drowsiness , hot flushes and dizziness on standing ; this declined with dosing duration and was not dose-limiting in this study . Adverse events were commonest near t -LRB- max -RRB- . RESULTS PHARMACOKINETICS : For oral CF101 , the t -LRB- max -RRB- was always 1 - 2 h post-dose and t 1/2 about 9 h , in both the single - and multiple-dose studies . For a single 5 mg dose -LRB- mean + / - SD -RRB- C -LRB- max -RRB- = 81.6 + / - 23.6 ng/ml in the single dose study , and 63.6 + / - 22.0 ng/ml after the first of the multiple doses ; AUC if was 904.0 + / - 221.9 ng.h / ml and 596.1 + / - 196.6 ng.h / ml for the 2 studies , respectively . After 7 days of multiple dosing there was little change , and AUC -LRB- 0-24h -RRB- = 601.0 + / - 163.6 ng.h / ml . These pharmacokinetic parameters were linearly proportional to dose in the other treatment groups . RESULTS PHARMACODYNAMICS : Increases in heart rate were related to plasma concentration and evident only in the upper range of concentrations observed . There were no changes on ECG monitoring beyond sinus tachycardia , and , in particular , no evidence of PR prolongation in any subject -LRB- n = 43 -RRB- . In
A multicenter prospective cohort of 2,600 patients was designed , drawing from 14 nationwide liver centers from tertiary university hospitals in China , and 2,600 hospitalized patients with chronic liver disease -LRB- both cirrhotic and noncirrhotic -RRB- of various etiologies with acute decompensation or acute hepatic injury were continuously recruited from January 2015 to December 2016 . Data were collected during hospitalization , and follow-ups were performed once a month , with plans to follow all patients until 36 months after hospital discharge . Of these patients , 1,859 -LRB- 71.5 % -RRB- had HBV-related disease , 1,833 had cirrhotic disease , and 767 had noncirrhotic disease . The numbers and proportions of enrolled patients from each participating center and the baseline characteristics of the patients with or without cirrhosis are presented . The Model for End-stage Liver Disease -LRB- MELD -RRB- was initially created to predict survival in patients with complications of portal hypertension undergoing elective placement of transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunts . The MELD which uses only objective variables was validated subsequently as an accurate predictor of survival among different populations of patients with advanced liver disease . The major use of the MELD score has been in allocation of organs for liver transplantation . MELD may be used in selection of patients for surgery other than liver transplantation and in determining optimal treatment for patients with hepatocellular carcinoma who are not candidates for liver transplantation . Despite the many advantages of the MELD score , there are approximately 15 % -20 % of patients whose survival can not be accurately predicted by the MELD score . It is possible that the addition of variables that are better determinants of liver and renal function may improve the predictive accuracy of the model . Efforts at further refinement and validation of the MELD score will continue . Infections worsen survival in cirrhosis ; however , simple predictors of survival in infection-related acute-on-chronic liver failure -LRB- I-ACLF -RRB- derived from multicenter studies are required in order to improve prognostication and resource allocation . Using the North American Consortium for Study of End-stage Liver Disease -LRB- NACSELD -RRB- database , data from 18 centers were collected for survival analysis of prospectively enrolled cirrhosis patients hospitalized with an infection . We defined organ failures as 1 -RRB- shock , 2 -RRB- grade III/IV hepatic encephalopathy -LRB- HE -RRB- , 3 -RRB- need for dialysis and mechanical ventilation . Determinants of survival with these organ failures were analyzed . In all , 507 patients were included -LRB- 55 years , 52 % hepatitis C virus -LSB- HCV -RSB- , 15.8 % nosocomial infection , 96 % Child score ≥ 7 -RRB- and 30-day evaluations were available in 453 patients . Urinary tract infection -LRB- UTI -RRB- -LRB- 28.5 % -RRB- , and spontaneous bacterial peritonitis -LRB- SBP -RRB- -LRB- 22.5 % -RRB- were the most prevalent infections . During hospitalization , 55.7 % developed HE , 17.6 % shock , 15.1 % required renal replacement , and 15.8 % needed ventilation ; 23 % died within 30 days and 21.6 % developed second infections . Admitted patients developed none -LRB- 38.4 % -RRB- , one -LRB- 37.3 % -RRB- , two -LRB- 10.4 % -RRB- , three -LRB- 10 % -RRB- , or four -LRB- 4 % -RRB- organ failures . The 30-day survival worsened with a higher number of extrahepatic organ failures , none -LRB- 92 % -RRB- , one -LRB- 72.6 % -RRB- , two -LRB- 51.3 % -RRB- , three -LRB- 36 % -RRB- , and all four -LRB- 23 % -RRB- . I-ACLF was defined as ≥ 2 organ failures given the significant change in survival probability associated at this cutoff . Baseline independent predictors for development of ACLF were nosocomial infections , Model for Endstage Liver Disease -LRB- MELD -RRB- score , low mean arterial pressure -LRB- MAP -RRB- , and non-SBP infections . Independent predictors of poor 30-day survival were I-ACLF , second infections , and admission values of high MELD , low MAP , high white blood count , and low albumin . Using multicenter study data in hospitalized decompensated infected cirrhosis patients , I-ACLF defined by the presence of two or more organ failures using simple definitions is predictive of poor survival . The first consensus report of the working party of the Asian Pacific Association for the Study of the Liver -LRB- APASL -RRB- set up in 2004 on acute-on-chronic liver failure -LRB- ACLF -RRB- was published in 2009 . Due to the rapid advancements in the knowledge and available information , a consortium of members from countries across Asia Pacific , `` APASL ACLF Research Consortium -LRB- AARC -RRB- , '' was formed in 2012 . A large cohort of retrospective and prospective data of ACLF patients was collated and followed up in this data base . The current ACLF definition was reassessed based on the new AARC data base . These initiatives were concluded on a 2-day meeting in February 2014 at New Delhi and led to the development of the final AARC consensus . Only those statements which were based on the evidence and were unanimously recommended were accepted . These statements were circulated again to all the experts and subsequently presented at the annual conference of the APASL at Brisbane , on March 14 , 2014 . The suggestions from the delegates were analyzed by the expert panel , and the modifications in the consensus were made . The final consensus and guidelines document was prepared . After detailed deliberations and data analysis , the original proposed definition was found to withstand the test of time and identify a homogenous group of patients presenting with liver failure . Based on the AARC data , liver failure grading , and its impact on the `` Golden therapeutic Window , '' extra-hepatic organ failure and development of sepsis were analyzed . New management options including the algorithms for the management of coagulation
Sandy everlasting -LSB- <i> Helichrysum arenarium </i> -LRB- L. -RRB- Moench -RSB- is herbaceous perennial plant belonging to Asteraceae family and it is native to Europe , Central Asia , and China . It belongs to the section HELICHRYSUM -LRB- Asteraceae family , genus <i> Helichrysum </i> -RRB- along with <i> H. plicatum </i> DC . Prodr. , which very similar phenolic profile and <i> H. italicum </i> -LRB- Roth -RRB- , which is widely used for essential oil extraction . Its flowers have a long tradition in European ethnomedicine as a cholagogue , choleretic , hepatoprotective , and detoxifying herbal drug . The flowers are rich in phenolic compounds including flavonoids , chalcones , phenolic acids , coumarins , and pyrones . Apart from polyphenols , other compounds such as sterols , lignans , and glycosides of aromatic compounds have been also isolated from <i> H. arenarium </i> . The majority of authors confirm that the most important group of compounds responsible for biological activities is flavonoids . Moreover , significant activities of naringenin , one of the main flavonoids of <i> H. arenarium </i> , were reported . On the other hand , there are no clinical data about testing the extracts or preparations based on <i> H. arenarium </i> . Although <i> H. arenarium </i> is well known in phytotherapy for its potential in the treatment of gallbladder disease and are classified as endangered species in a number of European countries , very few data about its cultivation are available in the literature . The anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities of the aerial part of Helichrysum italicum extracts have been established in various in-vivo and in-vitro experimental models . The results obtained on the acute oedemas induced by 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol 13-acetate -LRB- TPA -RRB- and ethyl phenylpropiolate in the mouse ear , by serotonin and phospholipase A2 -LRB- PLA2 -RRB- in the mouse paw , on chronic inflammation induced by repeated application of TPA in the mouse ear and on the delayed-type hypersensitivity induced by sheep red blood cells suggest that said anti-inflammatory activity is due to the effects of compounds expressed via a corticoid-like mechanism . In addition , the antioxidant activity of the extracts seems to be implicated in this anti-inflammatory activity , as the former inhibits enzymatic and non-enzymatic lipid peroxidation and has free-radical scavenger properties . We conclude that the anti-inflammatory activity of Helichrysum italicum can be explained by multiple effects , including inflammatory enzyme inhibition , free-radical scavenging activity and corticoid-like effects . <i> Helichrysum arenarium </i> -LRB- L. -RRB- Moench -LRB- abbrev . as HA -RRB- has a long tradition in European ethnomedicine and its inflorescences are approved as a herbal medicinal product . In the Mediterranean part of Europe , <i> Helichrysum italicum </i> -LRB- Roth -RRB- G. Don -LRB- abbrev . Since infusions from both plants are traditionally used , we aimed to compare their antioxidative potential using in vitro assays . Two morphologically distinct HI plants , HIa and HIb , were compared to a commercially available HA product . Genetic analysis using microsatellites confirmed a clear differentiation between HI and HA and suggested that HIb was a hybrid resulting from spontaneous hybridization from unknown HI subspecies . HIa exhibited the highest radical scavenging activity ; it was more efficient in protecting different cell lines from induced oxidative stress and in inducing oxidative stress-related genes superoxide dismutase 1 , catalase , and glutathione reductase 1 . The antioxidative potential of HI was not only dependent on the morphological type of the plant but also on the harvest date , revealing important information for obtaining the best possible product .
The authors evaluated the complication rate and outcome of side-to-side common bile duct anastomosis after human orthotopic liver transplantation . Early and late biliary tract complications after orthotopic liver transplantation remain a serious problem , leading to increased morbidity and mortality . Commonly performed techniques are the end-to-end choledochocholedochostomy and the choledochojejunostomy . Both techniques are known to coincide with a high incidence of leakage and stenosis of the bile duct anastomosis . The side-to-side bile duct anastomosis has been shown experimentally to be superior to the end-to-end anastomosis . The authors present the results of 316 human liver transplants , in which a side-to-side choledochocholedochostomy was performed . Biliary tract complications of 370 transplants in 340 patients were evaluated . Three hundred patients received primary liver transplants with side-to-side anastomosis of donor and recipient common bile duct . Thirty-two patients with biliary tract pathology received a bilioenteric anastomosis , and in eight patients , side-to-side anastomosis was not performed for various reasons . Clinical and laboratory investigations were carried out at prospectively fixed time points . X-ray cholangiography was performed routinely in all patients on postoperative days -LRB- PODs -RRB- 5 and 42 . In patients with suspected papillary stenosis , endoscopic retrograde cholangioscopy and papillotomy were performed . One biliary leakage -LRB- 0.3 % -RRB- was observed within the early postoperative period -LRB- PODs 0 through 30 -RRB- after liver transplantation . No stenosis of the common bile duct anastomosis was observed during this time . Late biliary stenosis occurred in two patients -LRB- 0.6 % -RRB- . T tube-related complications were observed in 4 of 300 primary transplants -LRB- 1.3 % -RRB- . Complications unrelated to the surgical technique , including papillary stenosis -LRB- 5.7 % -RRB- and ischemic-type biliary lesion -LRB- 3.0 % -RRB- , which must be considered more serious in nature than complications of the anastomosis or T tube-related complications , were observed . Papillary stenosis led to frequent endoscopic interventions and retransplantations in 1.3 % . Side-to-side common bile duct anastomosis represents a safe technique of bile duct reconstruction and leads to a low technical complication rate after human orthotopic liver transplantation . Ischemic-type biliary lesion evoked by preservation injury , arterial ischemia , cholestasis , and cholangitis may represent a new entity of biliary complication , which markedly increases the morbidity after human liver transplantation . Therefore , this complication should be the subject of further research . Biliary reconstruction remains common in postoperative complications after liver transplantation . A systematic search was conducted on the PubMed database and 61 studies of retrospective or prospective institutional data were eligible for this review . The study comprised a total of 14,359 liver transplantations . The overall incidence of biliary stricture was 13 % ; 12 % among deceased donor liver transplantation -LRB- DDLT -RRB- patients and 19 % among living donor liver transplantation -LRB- LDLT -RRB- recipients . The overall incidence of biliary leakage was 8.2 % , 7.8 % among DDLT patients and 9.5 % among LDLT recipients . An endoscopic strategy is the first choice for biliary complications ; 83 % of patients with biliary stricture were treated by endoscopic modalities with a success rate of 57 % and 38 % of patients with leakage were indicated for endoscopic biliary drainage . T-tube placement was not performed in 82 % of duct-to-duct reconstruction . The incidence of biliary stricture was 10 % with a T-tube and 13 % without a T-tube and the incidence of leakage was 5 % with a T-tube and 6 % without a T-tube . A preceding bile leak and LDLT procedure are accepted risk factors for anastomotic stricture . Biliary complications remain common , which requires further investigation and the refinement of reconstruction techniques and management strategies . Our goal was to describe disease-specific survival and the clinical variables that predict survival in a large national cohort of adult liver transplant recipients . Data on 17,044 adult patients who received an initial orthotopic liver transplant between 1990 and 1996 with follow-up through 1999 was obtained from the United Network for Organ Sharing -LRB- UNOS -RRB- . Disease-specific Kaplan-Meier survival plots and Cox Proportional Hazards models were estimated , and differences in the clinical characteristics of patients at the time of transplantation by disease were examined . Overall posttransplant survival currently exceeds 85 % in the first year and is approaching 75 % at 5 years . Unadjusted Kaplan-Meier survival is improved for recipients who are younger , female , and in better clinical condition . Survival is a function of disease and level of illness : cancer , fulminant liver failure , alcoholic liver disease , and the hepatitidies have the poorest prognosis , while primary billiary cirrohsis and sclerosing cholangitis have the best . Recipients who were outpatients before transplantation have longer survival than those transplanted from the hospital or intensive care unit . Although the model for end-stage liver disease -LRB- MELD -RRB- score was designed to predict pretransplant survival , patients with higher MELD scores have poorer posttransplant survival , but the MELD score is less predictive than the specific disease . In conclusion , Disease-specific survival models indicate that there remains tremendous variability in survival as a function of underlying liver disease . However , a significant portion of the difference in survival between diseases arises from differences in clinical characteristics at the time of transplantation . To evaluate the long-term survival outcomes of a large cohort of liver transplant recipients and to identify static and changing factors that influenced these outcomes over time . Liver transplantation has been accepted as a therapeutic option for patients with end-stage liver disease since 1983 , with continual improvements in patient survival as a result of advances in immunosuppression and medical management , technical achievements , and improvements in procurement and preservation . Although many reports , including registry data , have delineated short-term factors that influence survival , few reports have examined factors that
We validated the MSAS-SF in a population of cancer patients . The Karnofsky performance status -LRB- KPS -RRB- , extent of disease -LRB- EOD -RRB- , and demographic data were assessed . The Cronbach alpha coefficient was used to assess internal reliability . MSAS-SF subscales were assessed against subscales of the FACT-G , the KPS , and EOD to determine criterion validity . Test-retest analysis was performed at 1 day and at 1 week . The Cronbach alpha coefficients for the MSAS-SF subscales ranged from 0.76 to 0.87 . The MSAS-SF subscales showed convergent validity with FACT subscales . Correlation coefficients were -0.74 -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- for the PHYS and FACT-G physical well-being subscales , -0.68 -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- for the PSYCH and FACT emotional well-being subscales , and -0.70 -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- for GDI and FACT summary of quality-of-life subscales . The MSAS-SF subscales demonstrated convergent validity with performance status , inpatient status , and extent of disease . The test-retest correlation coefficients for the MSAS-SF subscales ranged from 0.86 to 0.94 at 1 day and from 0.40 to 0.84 for the 1 week group .
The objectives of this study were to determine rates of prenatal care utilization in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada from 1991 to 2000 ; to compare two indices of prenatal care utilization in identifying the proportion of the population receiving inadequate prenatal care ; to determine the association between inadequate prenatal care and adverse pregnancy outcomes -LRB- preterm birth , low birth weight -LSB- LBW -RSB- , and small-for-gestational age -LSB- SGA -RSB- -RRB- , using each of the indices ; and , to assess whether or not , and to what extent , gestational age modifies this association . We conducted a population-based study of women having a hospital-based singleton live birth from 1991 to 2000 -LRB- N = 80,989 -RRB- . Data sources consisted of a linked mother-baby database and a physician claims file maintained by Manitoba Health . Rates of inadequate prenatal care were calculated using two indices , the R-GINDEX and the APNCU . Logistic regression analysis was used to determine the association between inadequate prenatal care and adverse pregnancy outcomes . Stratified analysis was then used to determine whether the association between inadequate prenatal care and LBW or SGA differed by gestational age . Rates of inadequate/no prenatal care ranged from 8.3 % using APNCU to 8.9 % using R-GINDEX . The association between inadequate prenatal care and preterm birth and LBW varied depending on the index used , with adjusted odds ratios -LRB- AOR -RRB- ranging from 1.0 to 1.3 . In contrast , both indices revealed the same strength of association of inadequate prenatal care with SGA -LRB- AOR 1.4 -RRB- . Both indices demonstrated heterogeneity -LRB- non-uniformity -RRB- across gestational age strata , indicating the presence of effect modification by gestational age . Selection of a prenatal care utilization index requires careful consideration of its methodological underpinnings and limitations . The two indices compared in this study revealed different patterns of utilization of prenatal care , and should not be used interchangeably . Use of these indices to study the association between utilization of prenatal care and pregnancy outcomes affected by the duration of pregnancy should be approached cautiously . To improve awareness and knowledge of problematic substance use in pregnancy and to provide evidence-based recommendations for the management of this challenging clinical issue for all health care providers . This guideline reviews the use of screening tools , general approach to care , and recommendations for clinical management of problematic substance use in pregnancy . Evidence-based recommendations for screening and management of problematic substance use during pregnancy and lactation . Results were initially restricted to systematic reviews and randomized control trials/controlled clinical trials . A subsequent search for observational studies was also conducted because there are few RCTs in this field of study . Articles were restricted to human studies published in English . Additional articles were located by hand searching through article reference lists . Searches were updated on a regular basis and incorporated in the guideline up to December 2009 . Grey -LRB- unpublished -RRB- literature was also identified through searching the websites of health technology assessment and health technology assessment-related agencies , clinical practice guideline collections , clinical trial registries , and national and international medical specialty societies . The quality of evidence was rated using the criteria described in the Report of the Canadian Task Force on the Preventive Health Care . Recommendations for practice were ranked according to the method described in that report -LRB- Table 1 -RRB- . This guideline is intended to increase the knowledge and comfort level of health care providers caring for pregnant women who have substance use disorders . Improved access to health care and assistance with appropriate addiction care leads to reduced health care costs and decreased maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality . 1 . All pregnant women and women of childbearing age should be screened periodically for alcohol , tobacco , and prescription and illicit drug use . -LRB- III-A -RRB- 2 . When testing for substance use is clinically indicated , urine drug screening is the preferred method . -LRB- II-2A -RRB- Informed consent should be obtained from the woman before maternal drug toxicology testing is ordered . Policies and legal requirements with respect to drug testing of newborns may vary by jurisdiction , and caregivers should be familiar with the regulations in their region . -LRB- III-A -RRB- 4 . Health care providers should employ a flexible approach to the care of women who have substance use problems , and they should encourage the use of all available community resources . -LRB- II-2B -RRB- 5 . Women should be counselled about the risks of periconception , antepartum , and postpartum drug use . -LRB- III-B -RRB- 6 . Smoking cessation counselling should be considered as a first-line intervention for pregnant smokers . -LRB- I-A -RRB- Nicotine replacement therapy and/or pharmacotherapy can be considered if counselling is not successful . -LRB- I-A -RRB- 7 . Methadone maintenance treatment should be standard of care for opioid-dependent women during pregnancy . -LRB- II-IA -RRB- Other slow-release opioid preparations may be considered if methadone is not available . -LRB- II-2B -RRB- 8 . Opioid detoxification should be reserved for selected women because of the high risk of relapse to opioids . -LRB- II-2B -RRB- 9 . Opiate-dependent women should be informed that neonates exposed to heroin , prescription opioids , methadone , or buprenorphine during pregnancy are monitored closely for symptoms and signs of neonatal withdrawal -LRB- neonatal abstinence syndrome -RRB- . -LRB- II-2B -RRB- Hospitals providing obstetric care should develop a protocol for assessment and management of neonates exposed to opiates during pregnancy . -LRB- III-B -RRB- 10 . Antenatal planning for intrapartum and postpartum analgesia may be offered for all women in consultation with appropriate health care providers . -LRB- III-B -RRB- 11 . The risks and benefits of breastfeeding should be weighed on an individual basis because methadone maintenance therapy is not a contraindication to breastfeeding .
Incomplete ablation lines , procedure-related morbidity and long-term success remain , however , a problem . A minimally invasive surgical approach can provide an attractive and secure alternative . Surgery offers an epicardial , bipolar approach under direct vision , but the invasiveness of surgery remains a problem . Therefore , we developed a completely thoracoscopic procedure . The objective of this study was to assess the feasibility , safety and effectiveness of a completely thoracoscopic surgical procedure to cure lone AF . Bilateral ` video-assisted thoracoscopy ' was performed to isolate the bilateral pairs of pulmonary veins using bipolar RF-energy , to ablate the ganglionic plexus -LRB- GP -RRB- and to amputate the left atrial appendage . Preoperative , in-hospital and follow-up data were collected for our first 30 patients . AF was paroxysmal in 63 % , persistent in 27 % and permanent in 10 % of cases . The mean -LRB- + or - SD -RRB- left atrial diameter was 42.1 + or - 7.4 mm and the mean duration of AF was 79.0 + or - 63.9 months . Freedom from AF was obtained in 77 % of the patients during a mean follow-up of 11.6 months . Forty-three percent of the patients had previously undergone a percutaneous PVI and were all free from AF during follow-up . Mean operation time was 137.4 + or - 24.7 min . All patients were extubated in the operating room and left the recovery room within 12 h . The mean hospital stay was 5.1 + or - 1.8 days . Two patients ultimately underwent a median sternotomy . No CVAs or pacemaker implantation were identified and none of the patients died . We report our initial experience of a completely thoracoscopic PVI with GP-ablation and amputation of the left atrial appendage and demonstrate that the procedure is feasible , safe and effective for the treatment of lone AF . Atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- is the most frequent arrhythmia seen in clinical practice . However , antiarrhythmic medications have a modest long-term efficacy and the potential for serious side effects . Radiofrequency -LRB- RF -RRB- ablation is now emerging as a viable alternative to antiarrhythmic medications in maintaining sinus rhythm in patients with AF . Several randomized trials comparing RF ablation with antiarrhythmic medications have now been published . To perform a systematic review of published randomized trials comparing RF ablation with antiarrhythmic medications in the treatment of AF . A systematic review of the literature was performed and two authors independently abstracted the data from trials . A statistical analysis was performed using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis Software -LRB- BIOSTAT , Englewood , NJ , USA -RRB- . A total of six trials were identified . Overall , RF ablation reduced the risk of AF recurrence by 65 % at 1 year compared with antiarrhythmic medications . In selected patients with AF , RF ablation reduced the risk of AF recurrence at 1 year by 65 % compared with antiarrhythmic medications . Atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- is the most frequent sustained arrhythmia . After restoration of normal sinus rhythm , the recurrence rate of AF is high . Antiarrhythmic drugs have been widely used to prevent recurrence , but the effect of these drugs on mortality and other clinical outcomes is unclear . If several antiarrhythmics were effective our secondary aim was to compare them . The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials -LRB- CENTRAL -RRB- on The Cochrane Libary -LRB- Issue 2 , 2005 -RRB- , MEDLINE -LRB- 1950 to May 2005 -RRB- and EMBASE -LRB- 1966 to May 2005 -RRB- were searched . The reference lists of retrieved articles , recent reviews and meta-analyses were checked . No language restrictions were applied . Two independent reviewers selected randomised controlled trials comparing any antiarrhythmic with a control -LRB- no treatment , placebo or drugs for rate control -RRB- or with another antiarrhythmic , in adults who had AF and in whom sinus rhythm was restored . Post-operative AF was excluded . Two reviewers independently assessed quality and extracted data , on an intention-to-treat basis . Disagreements were resolved by discussion . Studies were pooled , if appropriate , using Peto odds ratio -LRB- OR -RRB- . 45 studies met inclusion criteria , comprising 12,559 patients . All results were calculated at 1 year of follow-up . Class IA drugs -LRB- disopyramide , quinidine -RRB- were associated with increased mortality compared with controls -LRB- OR 2.39 , 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- 1.03 to 5.59 , P = 0.04 , number needed to harm -LRB- NNH -RRB- 109 , 95 % CI 34 to 4985 -RRB- . Other antiarrhythmics did not modify mortality . Several class IA -LRB- disopyramide , quinidine -RRB- , IC -LRB- flecainide , propafenone -RRB- and III -LRB- amiodarone , dofetilide , dronedarone , sotalol -RRB- drugs significantly reduced recurrence of AF -LRB- OR 0.19 to 0.60 , number needed to treat 2 to 9 -RRB- , but all increased withdrawals due to adverse affects -LRB- NNH 17 to 36 -RRB- and all but amiodarone and propafenone increased pro-arrhythmia -LRB- NNH 17 to 119 -RRB- . Several class IA , IC and III drugs are effective in maintaining sinus rhythm but increase adverse events , including pro-arrhythmia , and disopyramide and quinidine are associated with increased mortality . Any benefit on clinically relevant outcomes -LRB- embolisms , heart failure , mortality -RRB- remains to be established . Atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- is the commonest atrial arrhythmia and represents a large burden on modern health services . Large multicentre randomised trials have demonstrated that a rhythm control strategy -LRB- using antiarrhythmic drugs and direct current -LRB- DC -RRB- cardioversion -RRB- has no morbidity or mortality advantage over rate control . Therefore , for most patients , attempts to cardiovert AF to sinus rhythm -LRB- SR -RRB- should be reserved for those patients who are symptomatic despite adequate rate control . For recent-onset
High-dose FOLFIRI has an acceptable safety profile and promising efficacy . UDP-glucuronosyltransferase : -LRB- UGT1A1 -RRB- polymorphism may be predictive of toxicity and efficacy of irinotecan . This phase II study aimed to evaluate the combination of high-dose FOLFIRI plus bevacizumab in patients with previously untreated metastatic colorectal cancer -LRB- MCRC -RRB- based on their UGT1A1 genotype . Patients with the UGT1A1 * 1 / * 1 -LRB- group 1 -RRB- or * 1 / * 28 -LRB- group 2 -RRB- genotype received bevacizumab plus high-dose FOLFIRI every 2 weeks . Using the Bryant and Day design with objective response rate and toxicity as the primary endpoints , 54 patients in each group were required with a planned interim analysis after inclusion of 17 patients per group . We planned to stop the trial at the interim analysis if ≤ 7 patients exhibited an objective response -LRB- OR -RRB- and/or ≥ 3 patients exhibited severe toxicity . At the interim analysis , ORs were higher than the number expected : 52.9 % -LRB- group 1 -RRB- and 58.8 % -LRB- group 2 -RRB- . More than three toxic events occurred in both groups and , according to the interim analysis rule , the trial was closed due to unacceptable toxicity . Recruitment was stopped when 86 patients were included and an analysis on overall population was done for overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- and progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- .
In this cross-sectional study , we evaluated skeletal muscle strength and physical performance -LRB- 1-min sit-to-stand and short physical performance battery tests -RRB- , dyspnea , fatigue , and single-breath counting at discharge from a postacute COVID department , in patients recovering from COVID-19 pneumonia who had no locomotor disability before the infection.Quadriceps and biceps were weak in 86 % and 73 % of the patients , respectively . Maximal voluntary contraction for quadriceps was 18.9 -LRB- 6.8 -RRB- kg and for biceps 15.0 -LRB- 5.5 -RRB- kg -LRB- i.e. , 54 % and 69 % of the predicted normal value , respectively -RRB- . The number of chair rises in the 1-min sit-to-stand test was 22.1 -LRB- 7.3 corresponding to 63 % of the predicted normal value -RRB- , whereas the short physical performance battery score was 7.9 -LRB- 3.3 corresponding to 74 % of the predicted normal value -RRB- . The single-breath counting count was 35.4 -LRB- 12.3 -RRB- corresponding to 72 % that of healthy controls . Mild-to-moderate dyspnea and fatigue were found during activities of daily living -LRB- Borg scale score , median value = 0.5 -LSB- 0-2 -RSB- and 1 -LSB- 0-2 -RSB- -RRB- and after the 1-min sit-to-stand -LRB- Borg scale score , median value = 3 -LSB- 2-5 -RSB- and 1 -LSB- 0-3 -RSB- -RRB- . Significant correlations were observed between muscle strength and physical performance indices -LRB- R = 0.31-0.69 -RRB- . The high prevalence of impairment in skeletal muscle strength and physical performance in hospitalized patients recovering from COVID-19 pneumonia without previous locomotor disabilities suggests the need for rehabilitation programs after discharge . This paper describes a patient who developed diffuse and symmetrical muscle weakness after a long stay in the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- due to coronavirus disease 2019 -LRB- COVID-19 -RRB- . The patient underwent a neurophysiological protocol , including nerve conduction studies , concentric needle electromyography -LRB- EMG -RRB- of the proximal and distal muscles , and direct muscle stimulation -LRB- DMS -RRB- . Nerve conduction studies showed normal sensory conduction and low-amplitude compound muscle action potentials -LRB- CMAPs -RRB- . EMG revealed signs of myopathy , which were more pronounced in the lower limbs . The post-DMS CMAP was absent in the quadriceps and of reduced amplitude in the tibialis anterior muscle . Based on these clinical and neurophysiological findings , a diagnosis of critical illness myopathy was made according to the current diagnostic criteria . Given the large number of patients with COVID-19 who require long ICU stays , many are very likely to develop ICU-acquired weakness , as did the patient described here . Health systems must plan to provide adequate access to rehabilitative facilities for both pulmonary and motor rehabilitative treatment after COVID-19 . The COVID-19 pandemic has had a devastating global impact , with older adults being most at risk of death from the disease . Acute sarcopenia is an under-recognised condition of acute muscle insufficiency , defined by declines in muscle function and/or quantity within six months , usually following a stressor event . This commentary reviews definition and mechanisms of acute sarcopenia in COVID-19 and suggests recommendations for research and clinical practice . Research should now focus on the longer-term consequences of acute sarcopenia in patients who have suffered from COVID-19 . At the same time , clinicians need to be increasingly aware of the condition , and measurements of muscle strength , quantity , and physical performance should be embedded into clinical practice . Clinicians should consider the risks of acute sarcopenia when weighing up the risks and benefits of treatment -LRB- e.g. dexamethasone -RRB- , and instigate multidisciplinary treatment including dietetics input .
There is no consensus on the best technique for the repair of umbilical hernia in adults . The role of laparoscopic hernioplasty of umbilical hernia remains controversial . This study was undertaken to compare the outcomes of open and laparoscopic onlay patch repair of umbilical hernia in adults . From January 1996 to December 2002 , 102 patients underwent elective repair of umbilical hernia . Operative techniques included Mayo repair -LRB- n = 43 -RRB- , laparoscopic onlay Gore-Tex patch hernioplasty -LRB- n = 26 -RRB- , suture herniorrhaphy -LRB- n = 24 -RRB- , and mesh hernioplasty -LRB- n = 9 -RRB- . Demographic features and risk factors were similar among the four groups . The operative time of laparoscopic hernioplasty -LRB- median , 66 min -RRB- was significantly longer than those for patients who underwent Mayo repair -LRB- 60 min -RRB- or sutured herniorrhaphy -LRB- 50 min -RRB- -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . None of the patients who underwent laparoscopic patch repairs required conversion to open repair . The median pain score at rest on postoperative day 1 was significantly lower in patients who underwent laparoscopic repair compared to those who had Mayo repair . A significantly shorter hospital stay and a lower wound morbidity rate were also observed in patients who underwent laparoscopic repair . With a mean follow-up of 2 years , suture herniorrhaphy had a relatively high recurrence rate -LRB- 8.7 % -RRB- , whereas no recurrence was documented for the other techniques . Laparoscopic onlay patch hernioplasty is a safe and efficacious technique for the repair of umbilical hernia . Compared to Mayo repair , the laparoscopic approach confers the advantages of reduced postoperative pain , shorter hospital stay , and a diminished morbidity rate . Incisional hernia is an important complication of abdominal surgery . Procedures for the repair of these hernias with sutures and with mesh have been reported , but there is no consensus about which type of procedure is best . Between March 1992 and February 1998 , we performed a multicenter trial in which we randomly assigned to suture repair or mesh repair 200 patients who were scheduled to undergo repair of a primary hernia or a first recurrence of hernia at the site of a vertical midline incision of the abdomen of less than 6 cm in length or width . The patients were followed up by physical examination at 1 , 6 , 12 , 18 , 24 , and 36 months . Recurrence rates and potential risk factors for recurrent incisional hernia were analyzed with the use of life-table methods . Among the 154 patients with primary hernias and the 27 patients with first-time recurrent hernias who were eligible for the study , 56 had recurrences during the follow-up period . The three-year cumulative rates of recurrence among patients who had suture repair and those who had mesh repair were 43 percent and 24 percent , respectively , with repair of a primary hernia -LRB- P = 0.02 ; difference , 19 percentage points ; 95 percent confidence interval , 3 to 35 percentage points -RRB- . The recurrence rates were 58 percent and 20 percent with repair of a first recurrence of hernia -LRB- P = 0.10 ; difference , 38 percentage points ; 95 percent confidence interval , -1 to 78 percentage points -RRB- . The risk factors for recurrence were suture repair , infection , prostatism -LRB- in men -RRB- , and previous surgery for abdominal aortic aneurysm . The size of the hernia did not affect the rate of recurrence . Among patients with midline abdominal incisional hernias , mesh repair is superior to suture repair with regard to the recurrence of hernia , regardless of the size of the hernia . Umbilical hernia has gained little attention from surgeons in comparison with other types of abdominal wall hernias -LRB- inguinal , postoperative -RRB- ; however , the primary suture for umbilical hernia is associated with a recurrence rate of 19-54 % . The aim of this study was to analyze the results of the umbilical hernia repair and to assess the independent risk factors influencing umbilical hernia recurrence . A retrospective analysis of patients who underwent surgery for umbilical hernia in the Hospital of Kaunas University of Medicine in 2001-2006 was performed . Age , sex , hospital stay , hernia size , patient 's body mass index , and postoperative complications were analyzed . Postoperative evaluation included pain and discomfort in the abdomen and hernia recurrence rate . The questionnaire , which involved all these previously mentioned topics , was sent to all patients by mail . Hernia recurrence was diagnosed during the patients ' visit to a surgeon . Two surgical methods were used to repair umbilical hernia : open suture repair technique -LRB- keel technique -RRB- and open mesh repair technique -LRB- onlay technique -RRB- . Every operation was chosen individually by a surgeon . Ninety-seven patients -LRB- 31 males and 66 females -RRB- with umbilical hernia were examined . The mean age of the patients was 57.1 + / -15.4 years , hernia anamnesis - 7.6 + / -8.6 years , hospital stay - 5.38 + / -3.8 days . Ninety-two patients -LRB- 94.8 % -RRB- were operated on using open suture repair technique and 5 -LRB- 5.2 % -RRB- patients - open mesh repair technique . Only 7 % of patients whose BMI was > 30 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- and hernia size > 2 cm and 4.3 % of patients whose BMI was < 30 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- and hernia size < 2 cm were operated on using onlay technique -LRB- P > 0.05 -RRB- . The rate of postoperative complications was 5.2 % . Sixty-seven patients -LRB- 69 % -RRB- answered the questionnaire . The complete patient 's recovery time after surgery was 2.4 + / -3.4 months . Fourteen patients -LRB- 20.9 % -RRB- complained of pain or discomfort in the
Immunologic responses to anti-PD-1 therapy in melanoma patients occur rapidly with pharmacodynamic T cell responses detectable in blood by 3 weeks . It is unclear , however , whether these early blood-based observations translate to the tumor microenvironment . We conducted a study of neoadjuvant/adjuvant anti-PD-1 therapy in stage III/IV melanoma . We identified a rapid and potent anti-tumor response , with 8 of 27 patients experiencing a complete or major pathological response after a single dose of anti-PD-1 , all of whom remain disease free . These rapid pathologic and clinical responses were associated with accumulation of exhausted CD8 T cells in the tumor at 3 weeks , with reinvigoration in the blood observed as early as 1 week . Transcriptional analysis demonstrated a pretreatment immune signature -LRB- neoadjuvant response signature -RRB- that was associated with clinical benefit . In contrast , patients with disease recurrence displayed mechanisms of resistance including immune suppression , mutational escape , and/or tumor evolution .
The squamous cell carcinoma of the anus -LRB- SCCA -RRB- is a rare disease , but its incidence is markedly increasing . About 15 % of patients are diagnosed at metastatic stage , and more than 20 % with a localized disease treated by chemoradiotherapy -LRB- CRT -RRB- will recur . In advanced SCCA , cisplatin and 5-fluorouracil -LRB- CF -RRB- combination is the standard option but complete response is a rare event and the prognosis remains poor with most disease progression occurring within the first 12 months . We have previously published the potential role of the addition of docetaxel -LRB- D -RRB- . Among 8 consecutive patients with advanced recurrent SCCA after CRT , the DCF regimen induced a complete response in 4 patients , including 3 pathological complete responses . Then , the Epitopes-HPV02 study was designed to confirm the interest of DCF regimen in SCCA patients . This multicentre phase II trial assesses the DCF regimen in advanced SCCA patients . Main eligibility criteria are : histologically proven SCCA , unresectable locally advanced recurrent or metastatic disease , Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group-performance status -LRB- ECOG-PS -RRB- < 2 , and being eligible for DCF . Patients receive either 6 cycles of standard DCF or 8 cycles of modified DCF depending on age -LRB- > vs. ≤ 75 years-old -RRB- and ECOG-PS -LRB- 0 vs. 1 -RRB- . The trial was set up based on a Simon 's optimal two-stage design for phase II trials , allowing an early futility interim analysis . A PFS rate below 10 % is considered uninteresting , while a PFS rate above 25 % is expected . With a unilateral alpha error of 5 % and a statistical power of 90 % , 66 evaluable patients should be included . Main secondary endpoints are overall survival , PFS , response rate , safety , health-related quality of life , and the correlation of biomarkers with treatment efficacy . Since the recommended CF regimen is based in a small retrospective analysis and generates a low rate of complete responses , the Epitopes-HPV02 study will establish a new standard in case of a positive result . Associated biomarker studies will contribute to understand the underlying mechanism of resistance and the role of immunity in SCCA . NCT02402842 , EudraCT : 2014-001789-81 . The incidence of anal squamous cell carcinoma has been increasing markedly in the past few decades . Currently , there is no validated treatment for advanced-stage anal squamous cell carcinoma . Therefore , we aimed to validate the clinical activity and safety of docetaxel , cisplatin , and fluorouracil -LRB- DCF -RRB- chemotherapy in patients with metastatic or unresectable locally recurrent anal squamous cell carcinoma . We recruited patients from 25 academic hospitals , cancer research centres , and community hospitals in France who were aged 18 years or older with histologically confirmed anal squamous cell carcinoma , with metastatic disease or with unresectable local recurrence ; an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group -LRB- ECOG -RRB- performance status of 0 or 1 ; and with at least one evaluable lesion according to the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors -LRB- version 1.1 -RRB- . Chemotherapy-naive patients received either six cycles of standard DCF -LRB- 75 mg/m <sup> 2 </sup> docetaxel and 75 mg/m <sup> 2 </sup> cisplatin on day 1 and 750 mg/m <sup> 2 </sup> per day of fluorouracil for 5 days , every 3 weeks -RRB- or eight cycles of modified DCF -LRB- 40 mg/m <sup> 2 </sup> docetaxel and 40 mg/m <sup> 2 </sup> cisplatin on day 1 and 1200 mg/m <sup> 2 </sup> per day of fluorouracil for 2 days , every 2 weeks -RRB- , which were administered intravenously . The choice between the standard versus modified regimens was recommended based on , but not limited to , age -LRB- ≤ 75 years vs > 75 years -RRB- and ECOG performance status -LRB- 0 vs 1 -RRB- . The primary endpoint was investigator-assessed progression-free survival at 12 months from the first DCF cycle ; for the primary endpoint to be met , at least 11 -LRB- 17 % -RRB- of 66 enrolled patients had to be alive without disease progression at 12 months . Efficacy and safety analyses were done in a modified intention-to-treat population , defined as all patients who were evaluable for progression at 12 months who received at least one cycle of DCF . This trial is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT02402842 , and the final results are presented here . Between Sept 17 , 2014 , and Dec 7 , 2016 , we enrolled 69 patients . Of these patients , three did not receive DCF . Of the 66 patients who received treatment , 36 received the standard DCF regimen and 30 received modified DCF . The primary endpoint was met : 31 -LRB- 47 % -RRB- of 66 patients were alive and progression free at 12 months . 22 -LRB- 61 % -RRB- of 36 patients who received the standard DCF regimen and 18 -LRB- 60 % -RRB- of 30 patients who received the modified DCF regimen had disease progression at data cutoff . 46 -LRB- 70 % -RRB- of 66 patients had at least one grade 3-4 adverse event -LRB- 30 -LSB- 83 % -RSB- of 36 in the standard DCF regimen and 16 -LSB- 53 % -RSB- of 30 in the modified DCF regimen -RRB- . The most common grade 3-4 adverse events were neutropenia -LRB- 15 -LSB- 23 % -RSB- ; eight -LSB- 22 % -RSB- for standard DCF vs seven -LSB- 23 % -RSB- for modified DCF -RRB- , diarrhoea -LRB- 12 -LSB- 18 % -RSB- ; nine -LSB- 25 % -RSB- vs three -LSB- 10 % -RSB- -RRB- , asthenia -LRB- ten -LSB- 15 % -RSB- ; eight -LSB- 22 % -RSB- vs two -LSB- 7 % -RSB- -RRB- , anaemia -LRB- ten -LSB- 15 % -RSB- ; six -LSB- 17 % -RSB- vs four
We performed this meta-analysis to compare the characteristics of sevoflurane and propofol for the induction of routine anesthesia and for laryngeal mask airway -LRB- LMA -RRB- insertion . The variables assessed were 1 -RRB- time to loss of consciousness , 2 -RRB- incidence of apnea during induction , 3 -RRB- induction complications , 4 -RRB- time for successful LMA insertion , 5 -RRB- success with LMA insertion on first attempt , 6 -RRB- patient dissatisfaction , and 7 -RRB- postoperative nausea and vomiting . MEDLINE , Embase , and the Cochrane library databases between January 1992 and October 1999 were reviewed for randomized , controlled trials comparing anesthetic induction between sevoflurane/nitrous oxide and propofol . Data from the 12 randomized , controlled studies were used for the meta-analysis . Sevoflurane induction was associated with a trend toward higher patient dissatisfaction and higher first-time success with LMA . Apnea was less common in the sevoflurane group . The incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting was significantly more frequent in the sevoflurane group -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . This effect was still present when all other variables , except the induction methods , were controlled . The other pooled variables did not show a significant difference between sevoflurane and propofol . Sevoflurane and propofol had similar efficacy for anesthetic induction . However , for routine outpatient surgery , propofol may still be the preferred induction anesthetic because of its favorable induction of anesthesia characteristics , high patient satisfaction , and less frequent incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting . Sevoflurane and propofol had similar efficacy for anesthetic induction . However , for routine outpatient surgery , propofol may still be the preferred induction anesthetic because of its favorable induction of anesthesia characteristics , high patient satisfaction , and less frequent incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting . In a prospective , randomized study , we investigated the incidence of successful insertion of laryngeal mask airway -LRB- LMA -RRB- at the first attempt and the incidence of side effects after LMA insertion using the combination of sevoflurane and propofol as compared with either sevoflurane or propofol alone for induction of anesthesia . Eighty-three unpremedicated ASA physical status I-II patients were anesthetized with a single vital capacity breath -LRB- VCB -RRB- of sevoflurane 8 % supplemented with IV propofol 1.5 mg/kg , a single VCB of sevoflurane 8 % , or IV propofol 3 mg/kg . The coinduction technique was associated with the most frequent incidence of successful LMA insertion at the first attempt -LRB- 93.5 % -RRB- than either sevoflurane alone -LRB- 46 % -RRB- or propofol alone -LRB- 61.5 % -RRB- -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Propofol-induced induction of anesthesia allowed the fastest insertion of LMA and was associated with the least frequent incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting . However , this advantage of propofol was offset by a frequent incidence of pain on injection -LRB- 69 % -RRB- and the occurrence of movements during insertion of the LMA -LRB- 50 % in the propofol group versus 19 % and 26 % in the sevoflurane and sevoflurane-propofol groups , respectively ; P < 0.05 -RRB- , as well as a more frequent incidence of apnea -LRB- 84 % in the propofol group versus 7 % and 16 % in the sevoflurane and sevoflurane-propofol groups , respectively ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . The report shows that induction of anesthesia with sevoflurane-propofol combined provides a frequent incidence of successful LMA insertion at the first attempt that is associated with an infrequent incidence of apnea . To identify an improved rapid inhalation induction -LRB- RII -RRB- technique by investigating hemodynamics and heart rate variability of induction with midazolam and RII with 7 % sevoflurane in comparison with RII alone . Prospective , randomized study . Operating room of a university hospitals . 40 patients scheduled for gastrectomy without complications . In the sevoflurane -LRB- Sev -RRB- group , anesthesia was induced with tidal volume breathing of 7 % sevoflurane with 50 % nitrous oxide -LRB- N -LRB- 2 -RRB- O -RRB- in oxygen -LRB- O -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- for 3 minutes . In the midazolam-sevoflurane group -LRB- Mid-Sev -RRB- intravenous midazolam 0.1 mg/kg was given , followed by 7 % sevoflurane with 50 % N -LRB- 2 -RRB- O . In both groups , endotracheal intubation was facilitated with vecuronium 0.15 mg/kg , which was administered at loss of consciousness . Blood pressure , heart rate , heart rate variability , time to loss of response to verbal command -LRB- sleep time -RRB- , rate of body movement or cough during induction , and patient satisfaction were monitored . Blood pressure and heart rate increased significantly in the Sev group but not in the Mid-Sev group . Heart rate was significantly higher in the Sev group at 1 minute after intubation . High-frequency component -LRB- cardiac parasympathetic activity -RRB- in heart rate variability increased before intubation , with a higher value seen in the Sev group than the Mid-Sev group . The ratio of low-frequency component to high-frequency component -LRB- cardiac sympathetic activity -RRB- did not change in either group . Sleep time did not differ between the two groups . The numbers of patients with body movement and cough , and patients who were not satisfied with the induction method were , respectively , four , three , and eight in the Sev group ; and one , zero , and two in the Mid-Sev group . The last value was significantly higher in the Sev group -LRB- p = 0.0285 -RRB- . The addition of intravenous midazolam 0.1 mg/kg provides more stable hemodynamics , cardiac autonomic nervous system activity , and patient satisfaction in RII with 7 % sevoflurane . One hundred unpremedicated ASA 1 or 2 patients scheduled for elective surgery were divided equally into four groups and recruited into this prospective , randomised parallel groups study . Induction was with propofol 2.5 mg.kg-1 or vital-capacity breath
In chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- patients , small-airway dysfunction -LRB- SAD -RRB- is considered a functional hallmark of disease . However , the exact role of SAD in the clinical presentation of COPD is not yet completely understood ; moreover , it is not known whether SAD may have a relationship with the impact of disease . To evaluate the prevalence of SAD among COPD patients categorized by the old and the new GOLD classification and to ascertain whether there is a relationship between SAD and impact of disease measured by the COPD Assessment Test -LRB- CAT -RRB- questionnaire . We prospectively enrolled COPD outpatients from the University Hospital of Parma . Using the impulse oscillometry system -LRB- IOS -RRB- , we assessed the fall in resistance from 5 to 20 Hz -LRB- R5-R20 -RRB- , reactance at 5 Hz -LRB- X5 -RRB- , and resonant frequency -LRB- FRes -RRB- as markers of peripheral airway dysfunction . According to R5-R20 ≥ 0.07 or < 0.07 , the cohort was also categorized in patients with and without SAD , respectively . We studied 202 patients . In both GOLD classifications , a progressive increasing distribution of R5-R20 and FRes was reported with a decreasing of X5 . Moreover , there was a significant correlation between R5-R20 and CAT -LRB- r = 0.527 , p < 0.001 -RRB- . Finally , the presence of SAD -LRB- OR 11.96 ; 95 % CI 4.53-31.58 ; p < 0.001 -RRB- and use of ICS + LABA + LAMA -LRB- OR 5.31 ; 95 % CI 1.88-15.02 ; p = 0.002 -RRB- were independent predictors of higher impact -LRB- CAT score ≥ 10 -RRB- . In COPD patients , the presence of SAD , as assessed by IOS , progressively increases with GOLD classifications and it is closely related to the high impact of disease on health status . The FORWARD study is a randomised , double-blind trial that compares the efficacy and safety of 48 weeks treatment with extrafine beclomethasone dipropionate/formoterol fumarate -LRB- BDP/FOR -RRB- , 100/6 μg pMDI , 2 inhalations BID , vs. FOR 12 μg pMDI , 1 inhalation BID , in severe COPD patients with a history of exacerbations . Co-primary endpoints were exacerbation rate over 48 weeks and pre-dose morning FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- at 12 weeks . The ITT population included 1186 patients -LRB- 69 % males , mean age 64 years -RRB- with severe airflow limitation -LRB- mean post-bronchodilator FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- 42 % predicted -RRB- . Salbutamol as rescue therapy , theophylline and tiotropium -LRB- if stable regimen prior to screening -RRB- were allowed . Compared to FOR , BDP/FOR : -LRB- 1 -RRB- reduced the exacerbation rate -LRB- rate ratio : 0.72 -LSB- 95 % confidence interval 0.62-0.84 -RSB- , p < 0.001 -RRB- ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- improved pre-dose morning FEV -LRB- 1 -RRB- -LRB- mean difference : 0.069 L -LSB- 0.043-0.095 -RSB- p < 0.001 -RRB- ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- prolonged the time to first exacerbation ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- improved the SGRQ total score . The percentage of patients with adverse events was similar -LRB- 52.1 % with BDP/FOR and 49.2 % with FOR -RRB- . Pneumonia incidence was low , slightly higher with BDP/FOR -LRB- 3.8 % -RRB- than with FOR -LRB- 1.8 % -RRB- . No difference for laboratory values , ECG or vital signs . Extrafine BDP/FOR significantly reduces the exacerbation rate and improves lung function of patients with severe COPD and history of exacerbations as compared to FOR alone . The basic objective of this paper is to evaluate an age-comorbidity index in a cohort of patients who were originally enrolled in a prospective study to identify risk factors for peri-operative complications . Two-hundred and twenty-six patients were enrolled in the study . The participants were patients with hypertension or diabetes who underwent elective surgery between 1982 and 1985 and who survived to discharge . Two-hundred and eighteen patients survived until discharge . These patients were followed for at least five years post-operatively . The estimated relative risk of death for each comorbidity rank was 1.4 and for each decade of age was 1.4 . When age and comorbidity were modelled as a combined age-comorbidity score , the estimated relative risk for each combined age-comorbidity unit was 1.45 . Thus , the estimated relative risk of death from an increase of one in the comorbidity score proved approximately equal to that from an additional decade of age . The combined age-comorbidity score may be useful in some longitudinal studies to estimate relative risk of death from prognostic clinical covariates . To identify the predictors of medication adherence in patients with COPD and contrast the health beliefs , experiences , and behaviors of COPD patients self-reporting good adherence with those of patients reporting suboptimal adherence to their medications . Cross-sectional self-administered questionnaire . Ambulatory care . Patients with chronic respiratory ailments identified through respiratory support groups and from a pulmonary rehabilitation database . A 30-item questionnaire comprising items pertaining to health beliefs , experiences , and behaviors along with a valid self-reported measure of adherence-the medication adherence report scale -LRB- MARS -RRB- - was administered to 525 ambulatory patients with chronic lung conditions . A total of 276 usable responses were received -LRB- 52.6 % -RRB- . The mean age of the respondents was 71 years , and there were slightly more male patients -LRB- 54.4 % -RRB- . COPD was the underlying disease condition in 90.6 % of the respondents ; two thirds of the respondents had comorbid conditions . The respiratory condition was managed by both general practitioners and respiratory specialists in 61.2 % of cases . One third of the respondents self-reported complementary and alternative medicine use . The mean score -LRB- + / - SD -RRB- on the MARS among the respondents was 23.37 + / - 2.09 . One hundred two patients self-reported perfect adherence on the MARS . Differences
Burnout syndrome -LRB- BOS -RRB- occurs in all types of health care professionals and is especially common in individuals who care for critically ill patients . The development of BOS is related to an imbalance of personal characteristics of the employee and work-related issues or other organizational factors . BOS is associated with many deleterious consequences , including increased rates of job turnover , reduced patient satisfaction , and decreased quality of care . BOS also directly affects the mental health and physical well-being of the many critical care physicians , nurses , and other health care professionals who practice worldwide . Until recently , BOS and other psychological disorders in critical care health care professionals remained relatively unrecognized . To raise awareness of BOS , the Critical Care Societies Collaborative -LRB- CCSC -RRB- developed this call to action . The present article reviews the diagnostic criteria , prevalence , causative factors , and consequences of BOS . It also discusses potential interventions that may be used to prevent and treat BOS . Finally , we urge multiple stakeholders to help mitigate the development of BOS in critical care health care professionals and diminish the harmful consequences of BOS , both for critical care health care professionals and for patients . To determine whether post traumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- and burnout syndrome -LRB- BOS -RRB- are common in nurses , and whether the co-existence of PTSD and BOS is associated with altered perceptions of work and nonwork-related activities . University hospital nurses were administered four validated psychological questionnaires . Twenty two percent -LRB- 73/332 -RRB- had symptoms of PTSD , 18 % -LRB- 61/332 -RRB- met diagnostic criteria for PTSD , and 86 % -LRB- 277/323 -RRB- met criteria for BOS . When grouped into three categories : positive for PTSD and BOS -LRB- n = 59 -RRB- , positive for BOS and negative for PTSD -LRB- n = 217 -RRB- , and negative for both BOS and PTSD -LRB- n = 46 -RRB- , there were significant differences in the years of employment as a nurse -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- , perceptions of collaborative nursing care -LRB- P = .006 -RRB- , confidence in physicians -LRB- P = .01 -RRB- , and perception that their work impacted patient outcomes -LRB- P = .01 -RRB- . Nurses with BOS and PTSD were significantly more likely to have difficulty in their life outside of the work environment when compared to those with BOS alone . We identified that PTSD and BOS are common in nurses and those with PTSD will almost uniformly have symptoms of BOS . Co-existence of PTSD and BOS has a dramatic effect on work and nonwork related activities and perceptions . Burnout has been described as a prolonged response to chronic emotional and interpersonal stress on the job that is often the result of a period of expending excessive effort at work while having too little recovery time . Healthcare workers who work in a stressful medical environment , especially in an intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- , may be particularly susceptible to burnout . In healthcare workers , burnout may affect their well-being and the quality of professional care they provide and can , therefore , be detrimental to patient safety . The objectives of this study were : to determine the prevalence of burnout in the ICU setting ; and to identify factors associated with burnout in ICU professionals . The original articles for observational studies were retrieved from PubMed , MEDLINE , and Web of Science in June 2016 using the following MeSH terms : `` burnout '' and `` intensive care unit '' . Articles that were published in English between January 1996 and June 2016 were eligible for inclusion . Two reviewers evaluated the abstracts identified using our search criteria prior to full text review . To be included in the final analysis , studies were required to have employed an observational study design and examined the associations between any risk factors and burnout in the ICU setting . Overall , 203 full text articles were identified in the electronic databases after the exclusion of duplicate articles . After the initial review , 25 studies fulfilled the inclusion criteria . The prevalence of burnout in ICU professionals in the included studies ranged from 6 % to 47 % . The following factors were reported to be associated with burnout : age , sex , marital status , personality traits , work experience in an ICU , work environment , workload and shift work , ethical issues , and end-of-life decision-making . The impact of the identified factors on burnout remains poorly understood . Nevertheless , this review presents important information , suggesting that ICU professionals may suffer from a high level of burnout , potentially threatening patient care . Future work should address the effective management of the factors negatively affecting ICU professionals .
Peripheral arteriovenous fistulas for hemodialysis can be complicated by infection , limb edema , venous thrombosis and stenosis , aneurysm , venous hypertension , and rarely , ophthalmic manifestations . We report an unusual case of unilateral optic nerve edema secondary to a contralateral peripheral hemodialysis shunt . To report a high frequency of idiopathic intracranial hypertension -LRB- IIH -RRB- in patients with cystinosis and to speculate on the relationship between these two disorders . Retrospective case series and review of the literature regarding risk factors for the development of IIH in cystinosis . Eight patients with cystinosis had documented papilledema , normal neuroimaging of the brain , cerebrospinal fluid -LRB- CSF -RRB- opening pressure greater than 200 mm of H2O , and normal CSF composition . No common medication , condition , or disease except cystinosis was found in these persons . Six of the patients had received prednisone , growth hormone , cyclosporine , oral contraceptives , vitamin D , or levothyroxine at the time of onset of IIH . Five patients had previous renal transplants . No single risk factor for the development of IIH linked IIH to cystinosis in our patients . However , thrombosis susceptibility as a result of renal disease or impaired CSF reabsorption in the arachnoid villi as a result of cystine deposition might lead to the development of IIH in cystinosis . Idiopathic intracranial hypertension , characterized by headache , visual disturbance , papilledema , and increased intracranial pressure in the absence of space-occupying lesions , has been reported in pediatric recipients several months to years following kidney transplantation -LRB- KTx -RRB- . We describe the development of idiopathic intracranial hypertension in a 10-year-old girl in the first few hours after KTx . We hypothesize that this event was associated with thymoglobulin administration , perhaps on the background of growth hormone therapy . Awareness of this possibility could lead to earlier diagnosis and treatment of children with similar risk factors . Benign intracranial hypertension -LRB- BIH -RRB- is a condition characterized by headache , papilledema , and a raised cerebrospinal fluid pressure with normal cranial imaging . It is uncommon in childhood . Previously , there have been reports that children with chronic impairment of renal function may be at greater risk of developing BIH . This study involved retrospective case note analysis of children undergoing renal transplantation over the last 11 years at our institution . Nine children developed BIH after renal transplantation . The prevalence of the condition in our series was 4.4 % . Several etiologically relevant risk factors were identified , including medication -LRB- nitrofurantoin , minocycline -RRB- and excess weight gain . Our results suggest that BIH may be a more frequent complication of the post-operative care of pediatric renal transplant recipients than previously thought . We hope to alert pediatric nephrologists that examination of the fundus for papilledema in all renal transplant patients complaining of headache is essential . If the diagnosis of BIH is delayed , irretrievable visual loss may not be avoided . We describe two patients with renal transplants who developed pseudotumor cerebri -LRB- PTC -RRB- in the course of their follow-up . They illustrate the diagnostic challenge in such situations . Patients with renal transplants usually have many other associated conditions which may lead to headache , visual disturbances or papilledema . A high index of suspicion is necessary for prompt diagnosis and management of this rare and serious but treatable combination . Intracranial hypertension with papilledema has been reported in renal patients , but a survey of the literature suggests that the incidence rate is low . We present reports of 15 of approximately 1,670 patients with renal disorders , who were treated with growth hormone for impaired growth and subsequently developed symptoms and/or signs of intracranial hypertension . The male : female ratio was 6.5:1 , and the median age was 12 years . The median duration of growth hormone treatment before onset of symptoms or signs was 13 weeks . All but 2 patients were symptomatic . In the patients in whom growth hormone therapy is known to have been discontinued , the symptoms and signs of intracranial hypertension abated . At least 4 of these patients experienced a recurrence when re-exposed to growth hormone . Many of the affected patients presented with predisposing conditions , but growth hormone appears to have been the precipitating factor . Prospective funduscopic evaluation may be warranted in patients with renal disorders who are receiving growth hormone . He had been maintained on cyclosporine , imuran and prednisone . Evaluation revealed normal intracranial imaging and normal CSF though under elevated intracranial pressure . The contributing possibilities to this papilledema are considered , and include a secondary pseudotumor cerebri syndrome of childhood and toxic effects of cyclosporine . The indications for treatment for pseudotumor cerebri are discussed , and clinicians are reminded to separate what we think about a case from how we behave in taking care of the patient . Benign intracranial hypertension -LRB- also called pseudotumor cerebri , otitic hydrocephalus , or meningeal hydrops -RRB- is a syndrome of markedly elevated intracranial pressure in the absence of intracranial mass , inflammation , or obstruction . Numerous disease processes and medications have been associated with it . However , renal failure has not been documented as an associated condition . After normal cerebrospinal fluid , computed tomography , and magnetic resonance imaging studies , a diagnosis of benign intracranial hypertension was made . Despite repeated lumbar punctures with cerebrospinal fluid removal , the patient 's headaches persisted , and intracranial pressures remained in the 200 to 400 mm H2O range . After initiation of hemodialysis due to progressive deterioration of renal function , the patient 's headaches became less severe and eventually disappeared . This case represents a unique association of chronic renal failure with benign intracranial hypertension . After describing the main clinical features of primary empty sella syndrome and the main
Because published utility estimates in multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- are concentrated in people with moderate to severe disease severity and focus on specific types of MS , we conducted a cross-sectional study of people with MS to estimate the utility associated with disease , functional status as measured by the Adapted Patient Determined Disease Steps -LRB- APDDS -RRB- Scale , and relapse to enhance knowledge of the association of these factors and utility . The study was conducted by a postal questionnaire sent to 12,968 people in a database managed by a UK charity -LRB- the MS Trust -RRB- . Utility was assessed using the EQ-5D multiattribute utility scale . The APDDS is closely related to the more commonly reported Expanded Disability Status Scale -LRB- EDSS -RRB- . A total of 2708 -LRB- 20.9 % -RRB- questionnaires were returned and 2048 -LRB- 15.8 % -RRB- respondents provided data suitable for analysis . The mean age of the sample was 51 years , and 22.5 % of people were aged 60 years or more . Disease severity was concentrated in people with moderately severe MS -LRB- EDSS 4-6.5 -RRB- , with 21 % , 60 % , and 19 % of people reporting mild , moderate , and severe disease , respectively . Results show that disease severity has an inverse relationship with utility . The mean utility is 0.491 . Utility varies between 0.870 and -0.195 for EDSS states 0 and 9 . Number of years since diagnosis , type of disease , and recent relapse status are also all significantly associated with utility . The results are comparable with previous published utility estimates . We have demonstrated a clear relationship between functional status , disease type , relapse status , duration of illness , and utility . As a set of coefficients , the utility estimates we have calculated may be used to compare the quality of life of people with MS with other illnesses and to inform future economic evaluations in MS. Examine the relative importance of several risk factors for progression , in a large sample of MS patients . Using a retrospective design in a single university-based MS treatment center , we studied 207 patients with relapsing remitting MS diagnosed , treated at our center , evaluated within one year of their second attack , and at least 2 years after their first attack . Risk factors were : 1 -RRB- age greater than 40 at first attack ; 2 -RRB- more than 2 attacks in the 2 years from onset ; 3 -RRB- EDSS > 1.5 after second attack -LRB- poor recovery -RRB- ; 4 -RRB- male gender ; and 5 -RRB- motor symptoms at onset . Groups were defined as having a few -LRB- 0 to 2 -RRB- or many -LRB- 3 to 5 -RRB- risk factors . Two hundred seven patients were followed for an average of 94 months -LRB- SD = 44 -RRB- . 30 % were over 40 years of age at onset , 38 % had more than 2 attacks in 2 years , 28 % had an EDSS > 1.5 after the second attack -LRB- i.e. , had poor recovery -RRB- , 24 % were male , and 58 % had motor symptoms at onset . Regression analysis and Kaplan-Meier survival curves that suggested poor recovery after the first two attacks were the best individual predictors of progression at 5 years after initial diagnosis . In addition , having many individual risk factors was associated with having a higher risk of progression -LRB- p < .001 by Mann Whitney U , sustained final EDSS at an average disease duration of 9.7 years -RRB- . This study suggests a paramount importance of recovery from early attacks , as well as an additive effect of individual risk factors for progression of MS in the first several years after diagnosis . In multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- , the aim of therapies is to prevent the accumulation of irreversible disability . This is difficult to assess given the short time course of clinical trials . MRI markers and relapses are often used as surrogate of disability in MS studies , but their validity remains controversial . We sought to validate , at the individual patient level , MRI lesions and relapses as surrogates for disability progression over the course of MS trials . Individual patient data from a large , placebo-controlled trial of interferon β-1a in relapsing-remitting MS -LRB- RRMS -RRB- were analyzed . The Prentice criteria were applied to evaluate surrogacy of 1-year MRI active lesions and relapses for disability worsening -LRB- Expanded Disability Status Scale -LSB- EDSS -RSB- -RRB- over the 2-year follow-up . All Prentice criteria were satisfied . Both 1-year MRI lesion activity and relapses , when considered independently , accounted for more than 60 % of the treatment effect on 2-year EDSS worsening . A combination of 1-year MRI lesion activity and relapses explained 100 % of the treatment effect on EDSS worsening over 2 years . A combined measure of 1-year changes in MRI lesions and relapses after interferon therapy fully estimated the corresponding effect on 2-year EDSS worsening . This short-term combined measure appears to be a surrogate for disability progression over a longer term when evaluating the effect of interferon in RRMS . It is unclear whether the severity of and recovery from the initial demyelinating event -LRB- IDE -RRB- are recapitulated in subsequent multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- relapses . We sought to identify the factors associated with relapse severity and recovery and to evaluate whether events have inherent severity or recovery . Patients seen at the UCSF MS Clinic within 1 year of disease onset were identified from a prospective database . Ordinal logistic regression was used to analyze predictors of three-level categorizations of event severity and recovery . We identified 330 patients with MS or clinically isolated syndrome ; 152 had a second event and 63 had a third event
We recently reported a high cumulative incidence of thrombotic complications in critically ill patients with COVID-19 admitted to the intensive care units -LRB- ICUs -RRB- of three Dutch hospitals . In answering questions raised regarding our study , we updated our database and repeated all analyses . We re-evaluated the incidence of the composite outcome of symptomatic acute pulmonary embolism -LRB- PE -RRB- , deep-vein thrombosis , ischemic stroke , myocardial infarction and/or systemic arterial embolism in all COVID-19 patients admitted to the ICUs of 2 Dutch university hospitals and 1 Dutch teaching hospital from ICU admission to death , ICU discharge or April 22nd 2020 , whichever came first . We studied the same 184 ICU patients as reported on previously , of whom a total of 41 died -LRB- 22 % -RRB- and 78 were discharged alive -LRB- 43 % -RRB- . The median follow-up duration increased from 7 to 14 days . All patients received pharmacological thromboprophylaxis . The cumulative incidence of the composite outcome , adjusted for competing risk of death , was 49 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- 41-57 % -RRB- . The majority of thrombotic events were PE -LRB- 65/75 ; 87 % -RRB- . In the competing risk model , chronic anticoagulation therapy at admission was associated with a lower risk of the composite outcome -LRB- Hazard Ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- 0.29 , 95 % CI 0.091-0.92 -RRB- . Patients diagnosed with thrombotic complications were at higher risk of all-cause death -LRB- HR 5.4 ; 95 % CI 2.4-12 -RRB- . The recent outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome -LRB- SARS -RRB- warrants the search for effective antiviral agents to treat the disease . This study describes the assessment of the antiviral potential of nitric oxide -LRB- NO -RRB- against SARS coronavirus -LRB- SARS-CoV -RRB- strain Frankfurt-1 replicating in African Green Monkey -LRB- Vero E6 -RRB- cells . Two organic NO donor compounds , S-nitroso-N-acetylpenicillamine -LRB- SNAP -RRB- and sodium nitroprusside -LRB- SNP -RRB- , were tested in a broad range of concentrations . The non-nitrosylated form of SNAP , N-acetylpenicillamine -LRB- NAP -RRB- , was included as a control compound in the assay . Antiviral activity was estimated by the inhibition of the SARS-CoV cytopathic effect in Vero E6 cells , determined by a tetrazolium-based colorimetric method . Cytotoxicity of the compounds was tested in parallel . The survival rate of SARS-CoV infected cells was greatly increased by the treatment with SNAP , and the concentration of this compound needed to inhibit the viral cytopathic effect to 50 % was 222 microM , with a selectivity index of 3 . No anti-SARS-CoV effect could be detected for SNP and NAP . Nitric oxide -LRB- NO -RRB- is an important signaling molecule between cells which has been shown to have an inhibitory effect on some virus infections . The purpose of this study was to examine whether NO inhibits the replication cycle of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus -LRB- SARS CoV -RRB- in vitro . We found that an organic NO donor , S-nitroso-N-acetylpenicillamine , significantly inhibited the replication cycle of SARS CoV in a concentration-dependent manner . We also show here that NO inhibits viral protein and RNA synthesis . Furthermore , we demonstrate that NO generated by inducible nitric oxide synthase , an enzyme that produces NO , inhibits the SARS CoV replication cycle .
Biliary bipolar radiofrequency ablation -LRB- RFA -RRB- is a new treatment for extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma -LRB- CCA -RRB- currently under evaluation . The purpose of this study was to evaluate the safety , particularly biliary fistula occurrence , and the feasibility of biliary RFA in a homogeneous group of patients treated using the same RFA protocol . Twelve patients with inoperable or unresectable CCA were included in a bicentric case series study . After removal of biliary plastic stents , a radiofrequency treatment with a new bipolar probe -LRB- Habib ™ EndoHBP -RRB- was applied . The energy was delivered by a RFA generator -LRB- VIO 200 D -RRB- , supplying electrical energy at 350 kHz and 10 W for 90 s . At the end of the procedure , one or more biliary stents were left in place . Adverse events were assessed per-procedure and during follow-up visits . CCA was confirmed in all patients by histology -LRB- 66 % -RRB- , locoregional evolution or metastatic evolution . The types of CCA were Bismuth I stage -LRB- N = 4 -RRB- , Bismuth II stage -LRB- N = 3 -RRB- , Bismuth III stage -LRB- N = 2 -RRB- and Bismuth IV stage -LRB- N = 3 -RRB- . No serious adverse events occurred within 30 days following endoscopic treatment : One patient had a sepsis due to bacterial translocation on day 1 and another had an acute cholangitis on day 12 due to early stent migration . No immediate or delayed biliary fistula was reported . The ergonomics of the probe made treatment easy in 100 % of cases . Mean survival was 12.3 months . Endoscopic radiofrequency treatment of inoperable CCA appears without major risks and is feasible . No major adverse events or biliary fistula were identified . A retrospective analysis of patients who underwent radiofrequency ablation -LRB- RFA -RRB- of intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma -LRB- IHCC -RRB- was performed . Seven patients with 9 tumors underwent RFA . The mean tumor size was 2.4 cm -LRB- range = 1.3-3.3 cm -RRB- . RFA achieved technique effectiveness and local tumor control in 89 % -LRB- 8/9 tumors -RRB- of the patients respectively , with a mean overall survival of 38.5 months -LRB- range = 12-69 months -RRB- . To conclude , RFA was effective in achieving local tumor control and may offer a therapeutic option for patients with recurrent or primary IHCC . Cholangiocarcinoma -LRB- CCA -RRB- is a malignancy with a poor 5-year survival rate -LRB- 5 % -10 % -RRB- . ERCP-directed radiofrequency ablation -LRB- RFA -RRB- or photodynamic therapy -LRB- PDT -RRB- can be performed as palliative therapy for unresectable CCA . ERCP with PDT is associated with improved survival compared with stent placement alone . However , ERCP-directed RFA has not been directly compared with PDT in patients with CCA . To compare overall survival in patients with unresectable CCA who underwent palliative ERCP-directed RFA versus PDT . Retrospective cohort study . Tertiary-care academic medical center . Forty-eight patients with unresectable CCA who underwent ERCP-directed ablative therapy for palliation of unresectable CCA . ERCP-directed RFA or PDT . Overall survival by Kaplan-Meier analysis after initial treatment with either RFA or PDT . Patients who underwent RFA -LRB- n = 16 -RRB- demonstrated an overall survival similar to that of those who underwent PDT -LRB- n = 32 -RRB- , with a median survival of 9.6 versus 7.5 months , respectively -LRB- P = .799 -RRB- . Patients who underwent RFA -LRB- compared with PDT -RRB- had a lower mean number of plastic stents placed per month -LRB- 0.45 vs 1.10 , P = .001 -RRB- but also had more episodes of stent occlusion -LRB- 0.06 vs 0.02 , P = .008 -RRB- and cholangitis -LRB- 0.13 vs 0.05 , P = .008 -RRB- per month . Retrospective , single-center design . Survival after ERCP-directed RFA and PDT was not statistically different in patients with unresectable CCA . A randomized , controlled trial is warranted to validate these preliminary results .
To evaluate the 3 alcohol consumption questions from the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test -LRB- AUDIT-C -RRB- as a brief screening test for heavy drinking and/or active alcohol abuse or dependence . Patients from 3 Veterans Affairs general medical clinics were mailed questionnaires . A random , weighted sample of Health History Questionnaire respondents , who had 5 or more drinks over the past year , were eligible for telephone interviews -LRB- N = 447 -RRB- . Patients were excluded if they could not be contacted by telephone , were too ill for interviews , or were female -LRB- n = 54 -RRB- . Areas under receiver operating characteristic curves -LRB- AUROCs -RRB- were used to compare mailed alcohol screening questionnaires -LRB- AUDIT-C and full AUDIT -RRB- with 3 comparison standards based on telephone interviews : -LRB- 1 -RRB- past year heavy drinking -LRB- > 14 drinks/week or > or = 5 drinks / occasion -RRB- ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- active alcohol abuse or dependence according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , Revised Third Edition , criteria ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- either . Of 393 eligible patients , 243 -LRB- 62 % -RRB- completed AUDIT-C and interviews . For detecting heavy drinking , AUDIT-C had a higher AUROC than the full AUDIT -LRB- 0.891 vs 0.881 ; P = .03 -RRB- . Although the full AUDIT performed better than AUDIT-C for detecting active alcohol abuse or dependence -LRB- 0.811 vs 0.786 ; P < .001 -RRB- , the 2 questionnaires performed similarly for detecting heavy drinking and/or active abuse or dependence -LRB- 0.880 vs 0.881 -RRB- . Three questions about alcohol consumption -LRB- AUDIT-C -RRB- appear to be a practical , valid primary care screening test for heavy drinking and/or active alcohol abuse or dependence . Research on dispositional optimism as assessed by the Life Orientation Test -LRB- Scheier & Carver , 1985 -RRB- has been challenged on the grounds that effects attributed to optimism are indistinguishable from those of unmeasured third variables , most notably , neuroticism . Data from 4,309 subjects show that associations between optimism and both depression and aspects of coping remain significant even when the effects of neuroticism , as well as the effects of trait anxiety , self-mastery , and self-esteem , are statistically controlled . Thus , the Life Orientation Test does appear to possess adequate predictive and discriminant validity . Examination of the scale on somewhat different grounds , however , does suggest that future applications can benefit from its revision . Thus , we also describe a minor modification to the Life Orientation Test , along with data bearing on the revised scale 's psychometric properties . The extent to which caregivers -LRB- N = 30 -RRB- for spouses with probable Alzheimer 's disease show lability in optimism was explored . The relationship between caregivers ' level of state optimism and level of affect was examined as well . The caregivers completed a measure of optimism and affect every day for 30 consecutive days . They showed variability in optimism over time , and their state optimism could be differentiated from their affect . In addition , we found individual differences in lead-lag relationships between optimism and affect over time . The results section clearly shows that most individuals did not show lead-lag relationships . These findings are integrated into the literature on caregiving . A self-assessment scale has been developed and found to be a reliable instrument for detecting states of depression and anxiety in the setting of an hospital medical outpatient clinic . The anxiety and depressive subscales are also valid measures of severity of the emotional disorder . It is suggested that the introduction of the scales into general hospital practice would facilitate the large task of detection and management of emotional disorder in patients under investigation and treatment in medical and surgical departments . To develop a brief , self-administered questionnaire that accurately measures functional capacity and assesses aspects of quality of life , 50 subjects undergoing exercise testing with measurement of peak oxygen uptake were studied . All subjects were questioned about their ability to perform a variety of common activities by an interviewer blinded to exercise test findings . A 12-item scale -LRB- the Duke Activity Status Index -RRB- was then developed that correlated well with peak oxygen uptake -LRB- Spearman correlation coefficient 0.80 -RRB- . The Duke Activity Status Index correlated significantly -LRB- p less than 0.0001 -RRB- with peak oxygen uptake -LRB- Spearman correlation coefficient 0.58 -RRB- in this independent sample . The Duke Activity Status Index is a valid measure of functional capacity that can be obtained by self-administered questionnaire . Regression methods were used to select and score 12 items from the Medical Outcomes Study 36-Item Short-Form Health Survey -LRB- SF-36 -RRB- to reproduce the Physical Component Summary and Mental Component Summary scales in the general US population -LRB- n = 2,333 -RRB- . The resulting 12-item short-form -LRB- SF-12 -RRB- achieved multiple R squares of 0.911 and 0.918 in predictions of the SF-36 Physical Component Summary and SF-36 Mental Component Summary scores , respectively . Scoring algorithms from the general population used to score 12-item versions of the two components -LRB- Physical Components Summary and Mental Component Summary -RRB- achieved R squares of 0.905 with the SF-36 Physical Component Summary and 0.938 with SF-36 Mental Component Summary when cross-validated in the Medical Outcomes Study . Test-retest -LRB- 2-week -RRB- correlations of 0.89 and 0.76 were observed for the 12-item Physical Component Summary and the 12-item Mental Component Summary , respectively , in the general US population -LRB- n = 232 -RRB- . Twenty cross-sectional and longitudinal tests of empirical validity previously published for the 36-item short-form scales and summary measures were replicated for the 12-item Physical Component Summary and the 12-item Mental Component Summary , including comparisons between patient groups known to differ or to change in terms of the presence and seriousness of physical
To evaluate an automated software tool for the assessment of dental arch relationships using the modified Huddart and Bodenham -LRB- MHB -RRB- index . Cohort of 43 models of subjects aged 9-21 with UCLP and the ten GOSLON reference models sets . The 53 sets of plaster models were scored using the MHB index and scanned with a benchtop scanner . The digital models were MHB scored visually using a commercial software program and landmarked for automatic scoring using a software plug-in . Scoring/landmarking was undertaken by three observers and repeated after 1 month . Intra - and inter-observer reproducibility were tested using Cronbach 's alpha and intraclass correlation coefficients -LRB- ICC -RRB- -LRB- threshold > 0.9 -RRB- . Bland-Altman plots demonstrated inter-observer agreement for each model format . Random and systematic error with digital landmark identification error were determined using the x , y , and z co-ordinates for 28 models digitized twice 1 month apart using Cronbach 's alpha and a t-test , respectively . Intra-operator landmark identification was excellent -LRB- Cronbach 's alpha = 0.933 -RRB- with no differences between sessions -LRB- P > 0.05 -RRB- . Intra-observer reproducibility was excellent for all examiners -LRB- Cronbach 's alpha and ICC 0.986-0.988 -RRB- . Inter-observer reproducibility was highest for the software plug-in -LRB- 0.991 -RRB- , followed by plaster -LRB- 0.989 -RRB- and OrthoAnalyzer -LRB- 0.979 -RRB- and Bland-Altman plots confirmed no systematic bias and greater consistency of scores with the automated software . The automated MHB software tool is valid , reproducible , and the most objective method of assessing maxillary arch constriction for patients with UCLP . The authors declare no conflict of interest or financial relationship with any organization or software used within the study . The modified Huddart and Bodenham scoring system assesses maxillary arch constriction and surgical outcomes in cleft lip and palate . This project automates modified Huddart and Bodenham scoring using three-dimensional digital models . Development of a novel software tool . The design , construction , development , and testing of the system was carried out at Dundee Dental Hospital . Subjects with cleft lip and palate . A plug-in has been developed using an open three-dimensional development platform : Rhinoceros , version 5 -LRB- http://www.rhino3d.co.uk -RRB- . Users select cusps on mandibular and maxillary teeth on three-dimensional digital models . A three-dimensional cubic spline generates a mandibular curve , and a best-fit horizontal mandibular reference plane is produced using a least-squares method . Horizontal distances projected from the shortest three-dimensional distances were subsequently calculated between the maxillary cusps and the mandibular curve to calculate the modified Huddart and Bodenham score . Automatic scoring of digital models using the modified Huddart and Bodenham system produces similar results to manual scoring . By standardizing outcome assessment in cleft care , multicenter comparisons for audit and research can be simplified , allowing centers throughout the world to upload three-dimensional digital models or intraoral scans of the dental arches for remote scoring . Thereafter , these data can feed back into the global database on orofacial clefting as part of the World Health Organization 's international collaborative `` Global Burden of Disease '' research project for craniofacial anomalies . The automated system facilitates quicker and more reliable outcome assessments by minimizing human errors . This study was undertaken to evaluate intraoral 3D scans for assessing dental arch relationships and obtain patient/parent perceptions of impressions and intraoral 3D scanning . Forty-three subjects with nonsyndromic unilateral cleft lip and palate -LRB- UCLP -RRB- had impressions taken for plaster models . These and the teeth were scanned using the R700 Orthodontic Study Model Scanner and Trios ® Digital Impressions Scanner -LRB- 3Shape A/S , Copenhagen , Denmark -RRB- to create indirect and direct digital models . All model formats were scored by three observers on two occasions using the GOSLON and modified Huddart Bodenham -LRB- MHB -RRB- indices . Participants and parents scored their perceptions of impressions and scanning from 1 -LRB- very good -RRB- to 5 -LRB- very bad -RRB- . Intra - and interexaminer reliability were tested using GOSLON and MHB data -LRB- Cronbach 's Alpha > 0.9 -RRB- . Bland and Altman plots were created for MHB data , with each model medium -LRB- one-sample t tests , P < .05 -RRB- and questionnaire data -LRB- Wilcoxon signed ranks P < .05 -RRB- tested . Intra - and interexaminer reliability -LRB- > 0.9 -RRB- were good for all formats with the direct digital models having the lowest interexaminer differences . Participants had higher ratings for scanning comfort -LRB- 84.8 % -RRB- than impressions -LRB- 44.2 % -RRB- -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- and for scanning time -LRB- 56.6 % -RRB- than impressions -LRB- 51.2 % -RRB- -LRB- P > .05 -RRB- . None disliked scanning , but 16.3 % disliked impressions . Data for parents and children positively correlated -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- . Reliability of scoring dental arch relationships using intraoral 3D scans was superior to indirect digital and to plaster models ; Subjects with UCLP preferred intra-oral 3D scanning to dental impressions , mirrored by parents/carers ; This study supports the replacement of conventional impressions with intra-oral 3D scans in longitudinal evaluations of the outcomes of cleft care . The aim of this study was to validate the clinical use of the modified Huddart and Bodenham scoring system for the measurement of maxillary arch constriction in children born with cleft lip and/or palate . The study design consisted of a reliability assessment between clinical and study model scoring . The study was carried out in cleft clinics at three hospital-based orthodontic units . A total of 53 subjects were recruited when attending routine clinic appointments and gave informed consent to participate . The modified Huddart and Bodenham scoring system was applied to study models for 53 subjects by all examiners ; whereas , one examiner scored 53 subjects clinically , the other two examiners scored 25 and 28 subjects ,
This paper presents the treatment of a 12-year-old female spayed Great Dane who presented with vestibular signs -LRB- ataxia , nystagmus , hind end collapse -RRB- . Thoracic radiographs revealed a discrete pulmonary nodule in the right cranial lung lobe . Ultrasound-guided fine needle aspirate detected primary bronchoalveolar adenocarcinoma , verified via computed tomography , with a second smaller nodule discovered in the right cranial lung lobe . A lateral thoracotomy with right cranial lung lobectomy was performed . Histopathological analysis of the nodules and an excised lymph node identified grade III bronchoalveolar adenocarcinoma with vascular infiltration and lymph node metastasis - a grim diagnosis with a reported median survival time of 6-27 days . A 10-g sample of the tumour was processed into a chaperone-rich cell lysate -LRB- CRCL -RRB- vaccine , which was administered weekly to the patient . Imiquimod - a Toll-like receptor 7 -LRB- TLR7 -RRB- agonist - was applied topically for the first 12 treatments to stimulate local Langerhans cells . A single injection of bacillus Calmette-Guerin -LRB- BCG -RRB- was administered for additional immune stimulation at week 30 of treatment . The dog remained stable and in otherwise good health until diffuse relapse occurred 44 weeks after the initial treatment ; following gastrointestinal bleeding , the dog was euthanised 50 + weeks post diagnosis . To the authors ' knowledge , this is the first report of significantly prolonged survival following a diagnosis of grade III/stage III bronchoalveolar adenocarcinoma in a canine patient . This case report suggests that CRCL vaccine combined with topical imiquimod is a safe , effective treatment for canine tumours . The aim of this paper was to compare protein content of chaperone-rich cell lysate -LRB- CRCL -RRB- anti-cancer vaccines prepared from human tumours of different histological origins to evaluate the uniformity of their protein content . Clinical grade CRCL was prepared under Good Manufacturing Practice -LRB- GMP -RRB- conditions from surgically resected human tumours -LRB- colorectal cancer , glioblastoma , non-small cell lung cancer , ovarian cancer -RRB- . Protein samples were separated by SDS-PAGE and slices cut from gels for protease digestion followed by mass spectrometry analysis . CRCL preparations were also analysed by nanoparticle tracking analysis -LRB- NTA -RRB- and transmission electron microscopy -LRB- TEM -RRB- . We identified between 200 and 550 proteins in the various CRCL preparations . Gene ontogeny analysis indicated that the vaccines showed clear relationships , despite different tumour origins . A total of 95 proteins were common to all the CRCLs . Networking analyses implicated heat shock proteins in antigen processing pathways , and showed connections to the cytoskeletal network . We found that CRCL vaccines showed a particulate structure by NTA , and TEM revealed an extended fence-like structural network in CRCL , with regions that were microns in size . We conclude that it is feasible to prepare and characterise CRCL from a variety of different tissue sources ; a substantial portion of the protein content is identical among the different CRCLs , while the overall compositions also suggest high overlaps in functional categories . The protein content indicates the presence of antigens and implies a potential structure , which we believe may play a role in CRCL 's ability to stimulate innate antigen presenting cell activation . Dendritic cells -LRB- DCs -RRB- encompass a heterogeneous population of cells capable of orchestrating innate and adaptive immune responses . The ability of DCs to act as professional APCs has been the foundation for the development and use of these cells as vaccines in cancer immunotherapy . DCs are also endowed with the nonconventional property of directly killing tumor cells . The current study investigates the regulation of murine DC cytotoxic function by T lymphocytes . We provide evidence that CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- Th-1 , but not Th-2 , Th-17 cells , or regulatory T cells , are capable of inducing DC cytotoxic function . IFN-γ was identified as the major factor responsible for Th-1-induced DC tumoricidal activity . Importantly , Th-1-activated killer DCs were capable of presenting the acquired Ags from the killed tumor cells to T lymphocytes in vitro or in vivo . The breaking of peripheral T-cell tolerance toward self-antigens expressed by tumor cells and the subsequent establishment of an effective tumor protective immune response remains a major challenge for cancer immunotherapy . We report that both protective and therapeutic anti-tumor immune responses can be achieved in a mouse leukemia/lymphoma tumor model through the strong adjuvant effects provided by allogeneic CD3/CD28 cross-linked Th1 memory cells . The adjuvant effect of these cells is mediated by their ability to produce a variety of ` danger signals ' which serve to deviate native non-protective Th2 anti-leukemia immune responses to effective Th1 immune responses .
CDX-014 is an antibody-drug conjugate directed against TIM-1 , a surface marker highly expressed in renal cell carcinoma -LRB- RCC -RRB- and ovarian carcinoma . This phase I , first-in-human trial was conducted to evaluate the safety and preliminary activity of CDX-014 in patients with advanced refractory RCC , following a dose-escalation and dose expansion design . CDX-014 was administered intravenously at doses ranging from 0.15 to 2.0 mg/kg every 2 or 3 weeks until progression or unacceptable toxicity . Sixteen patients received at least one dose of CDX-014 . The maximum tolerated dose was not identified . Most frequent adverse grade 1 or 2 adverse events included nausea -LRB- 38 % -RRB- , fatigue , alopecia , elevation of AST and decreased appetite -LRB- 25 % each -RRB- . Adverse events of grade 3 or more included hyperglycemia -LRB- 19 % -RRB- , urosepsis -LRB- 6 % -RRB- , and one multi-organ failure -LRB- 6 % -RRB- responsible for one treatment-related death . The two patients that exhibited the most marked tumor shrinkage had high TIM-1 expression on tumor tissue . Overall , CDX-014 exhibited a manageable toxicity profile and early signs of activity , supporting further evaluation of antibody-drug conjugates in patients with advanced RCC and potentially other TIM-1 expressing cancers . Trial registration https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02837991 NCT02837991 ; July 20 , 2016 .
Neonatal seizures frequently accompany neonatal encephalopathies . Seizures occur in approximately 1.8-5 / 1,000 live births in this country and are caused by virtually any condition that affects neonatal brain function . This review provides a simple classification of seizures and emphasizes that many abnormal intermittent behaviors in this age group are not accompanied by ictal EEG patterns . Additionally , < or = 50 % of neonatal seizures are not associated with abnormal clinical behavior . This is a common phenomenon , particularly after anticonvulsant treatment in which the clinical seizures are suppressed but electrographic seizures continue unabated . Seizures also may be caused by genetic disorders , several of which are benign , familial , and caused by channelopathies involving potassium channels . The review also discusses the epileptic syndromes seen in neonates , including early myoclonic encephalopathy , Ohtahara syndrome , pyridoxine dependency , and glucose transporter type 1 syndrome . Seizures are more prevalent during the neonatal period than at any other time in the human lifespan . During early development , neonates are developmentally predisposed to excitatory neuronal activity increasing their susceptibility to seizures . Status epilepticus is poorly defined in this subpopulation with a lack of a consensus definition . In this review , we discuss the common etiologies of recurrent seizures in the newborn in addition to current trends on monitoring and treatment . Finally , we discuss the current evidence in both animal and human studies that indicate that neonatal seizures may be harmful to the immature brain with adverse long-term neurodevelopment outcomes . Neonatal seizures are associated with a high likelihood of adverse neurological outcomes , including mental retardation , behavioral disorders , and epilepsy . Early seizures typically involve the neocortex , and post-neonatal epilepsy is often of neocortical origin . However , our understanding of the consequences of neonatal seizures for neocortical function is limited . In the present study , we show that neonatal seizures induced by flurothyl result in markedly enhanced susceptibility of the neocortex to seizure-like activity . This change occurs in young rats studied weeks after the last induced seizure and in adult rats studied months after the initial seizures . Neonatal seizures resulted in reductions in the amplitude of spontaneous inhibitory postsynaptic currents and the frequency of miniature inhibitory postsynaptic currents , and significant increases in the amplitude and frequency of spontaneous excitatory postsynaptic currents -LRB- sEPSCs -RRB- and in the frequency of miniature excitatory postsynaptic currents -LRB- mEPSCs -RRB- in pyramidal cells of layer 2/3 of the somatosensory cortex . The selective N-methyl-D-aspartate -LRB- NMDA -RRB- receptor antagonist D-2-amino-5-phosphonovalerate eliminated the differences in amplitude and frequency of sEPSCs and mEPSCs in the control and flurothyl groups , suggesting that NMDA receptors contribute significantly to the enhanced excitability seen in slices from rats that experienced recurrent neonatal seizures . The characteristics of ictal electroencephalograms in 160 neonatal seizures of 43 babies were correlated with mortality and neurodevelopmental outcomes . Neonatal seizures are focal at onset , most frequently temporal , and often occur during sleep . A low-amplitude ictal electroencephalogram discharge was associated with increased mortality , and a frequency of < 2 Hz with increased morbidity . Status epilepticus , ictal fractions , multiple foci , and bihemispheric involvement did not influence outcomes . Of 160 seizures , 99 exhibited no associated clinical features -LRB- electrographic seizures -RRB- . Neonatal seizures with clinical correlates -LRB- electroclinical seizures -RRB- exhibited a higher amplitude and frequency of ictal electroencephalogram discharge than electrographic seizures . During electroclinical seizures , the ictal electroencephalogram was more likely to involve larger areas of the brain and to cross the midline . Mortality and morbidity were similar in babies with electroclinical and electrographic seizures , emphasizing the need to diagnose and treat both types . Ictal electroencephalogram topography has implications for electrode application during limited-channel , amplitude-integrated electroencephalograms . We recommend temporal and paracentral electrodes . Video electroencephalograms are important in diagnosing neonatal seizures and providing useful information regarding ictal electroencephalogram characteristics . Breaking the skin when applying scalp electroencephalographic -LRB- EEG -RRB- electrodes creates the risk of infection from blood-born pathogens such as HIV , Hepatitis-C , and Creutzfeldt-Jacob Disease . Modern engineering principles suggest that excellent EEG signals can be collected with high scalp impedance -LRB- approximately 40 kOmega -RRB- without scalp abrasion . The present study was designed to evaluate the effect of electrode-scalp impedance on EEG data quality . The first section of the paper reviews electrophysiological recording with modern high input-impedance differential amplifiers and subject isolation , and explains how scalp-electrode impedance influences EEG signal amplitude and power line noise . The second section of the paper presents an experimental study of EEG data quality as a function of scalp-electrode impedance for the standard frequency bands in EEG and event-related potential -LRB- ERP -RRB- recordings and for 60 Hz noise . There was no significant amplitude change in any EEG frequency bands as scalp-electrode impedance increased from less than 10 kOmega -LRB- abraded skin -RRB- to 40 kOmega -LRB- intact skin -RRB- . 60 Hz was nearly independent of impedance mismatch , suggesting that capacitively coupled noise appearing differentially across mismatched electrode impedances did not contribute substantially to the observed 60 Hz noise levels . With modern high input-impedance amplifiers and accurate digital filters for power line noise , high-quality EEG can be recorded without skin abrasion . Electroencephalogram monitoring is a valuable means of monitoring thalamocortical function in the comatose , sedated , or paralyzed patient in the intensive care unit . The following problems arise especially with long-term recordings that are beyond those experienced in the standard EEG laboratory : 1 -RRB- faulty electrodes , either single - or multiple-scalp electrodes or ground or reference electrodes ; 2 -RRB- connections of electronic equipment ; 3 -RRB- induced artifacts from electronic devices and nonelectronic equipment ; 4 -RRB- electrode placement issues ; and 5 -RRB- biologic , including movement-related , artifacts . Continuous quality
Large tumor burdens in advanced non-small-cell lung carcinoma -LRB- NSCLC -RRB- are thought to be immunosuppressive . To determine whether CD8-mediated immune responses could be elicited in stage IIIB/IV NSCLC patients , 14 subjects were immunized several times with allogeneic NSCLC cells transfected with CD80 -LRB- B7 .1 -RRB- and HLA-A1 or A2 . Patients enrolled were matched or unmatched at the HLA A1 or A2 locus and their immune response compared . Immunization significantly increased the frequencies of interferon-gamma secreting CD8 T cells in all but one patient in response to ex vivo challenge with NSCLC cells . NSCLC reactive CD8 cells did not react to K562 . The study demonstrates that CD8 Ifn-gamma responses against nonimmunogenic or immunosuppressive tumors can be evoked by cellular vaccines even at advanced stages of disease . The positive clinical outcome suggests that nonimmunogenic tumors may be highly susceptible to immune effector cells generated by immunization . While incompatible block copolymers commonly assemble into several established classical or complex morphologies , highly asymmetric poly -LRB- ferrocenyldimethylsilane-b-dimethylsiloxane -RRB- -LRB- PFS-b-PDMS -RRB- diblock copolymers can also self-organize into high-aspect-ratio nanotubes with PDMS corona in the presence of PDMS-selective organic solvents . Exposure of these nanotubes on a carbon substrate to supercritical carbon dioxide -LRB- scCO2 -RRB- , also a PDMS-selective solvent , appears to promote partial dissolution of the copolymer molecules . At sufficiently high copolymer concentrations , the dissolved molecules subsequently re-organize within the scCO2 environment to form new copolymer nanostructures that redeposit on the substrate upon scCO2 depressurization . Transmission electron microscopy reveals that micelles form under all the conditions examined here , whereas nanotubes coalesce and vesicles develop only at relatively high temperatures . The extent to which the copolymer nanotubes dissolve and the size distribution of the replacement micelles are sensitive to exposure conditions . These results suggest that the phase behavior of PFS-b-PDMS diblock copolymers in scCO2 may be remarkably rich and easily tunable .
<i> Background </i> . Radiofrequency ablation -LRB- RFA -RRB- is a less invasive technique for treatment of sacroiliac joint -LRB- SIJ -RRB- pain . <i> Objective </i> . To evaluate the feasibility and efficacy of endoscope-guided RFA for the treatment of CLBP from the SIJ complex . <i> Methods </i> . In this retrospective study , the medical records of 17 patients who underwent endoscope-guided RFA of the SIJ complex were reviewed . A bipolar radiofrequency probe was used to lesion the posterior capsule of the SIJ as well as the lateral branches of S1 , S2 , S3 , and the L5 dorsal ramus in multiple locations . We visualized the ablation area using endoscope . We assessed visual analogue scale -LRB- VAS -RRB- and the Oswestry disability index -LRB- ODI -RRB- preoperatively , immediately postop , and at 1 - , 3 - , and 6-month postop outpatient clinic visits . Patient satisfaction of the procedure was assessed in percentages . <i> Results </i> . The mean duration of operation was 20 to 50 minutes . The mean VAS and the ODI scores decreased significantly immediately after the procedure and were kept significantly lower than baseline levels during the follow-up periods . No complications occurred perioperatively and during the follow-up periods . 88.6 % of patients were satisfied with the procedure . <i> Conclusions </i> . Our preliminary results suggest that endoscope-guided RFA may be alternative option to treat CLBP secondary to SIJ complex . Visual analogue scale -LRB- VAS -RRB- , Oswestry disability index -LRB- ODI -RRB- , Japanese Orthopedic Association -LRB- JOA -RRB- , and modified MacNab criteria were used for efficacy evaluation . Post-operative responses were compared by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay -LRB- ELISA -RRB- based on detection of serum IL-6 , CRP , and CPK levels . RESULTS In the TESSYS group , compared with the FD group , we observed , shorter incision length , less blood loss , shorter hospital stay , lower hospitalization cost , shorter recovery time , lower complication rate -LRB- all P < 0.001 -RRB- , and lower VAS scores of lumbago and skelalgia at 3 days and 1 , 3 , and 6 months postoperatively -LRB- all P < 0.05 -RRB- . At 24 and 48 h postoperatively , CRP level was remarkably higher in the FD group compared to the TESSYS group -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Further , comparison of IL-6 levels at 6 , 12 , 24 , and 48 h postoperatively revealed significantly higher levels in the FD group than in the FESSYS group -LRB- all P < 0.001 -RRB- . CONCLUSIONS TESSYS had clinical advantages over FD and entails less trauma and quicker postoperative recovery , suggesting that TESSYS is well tolerated by patients and is a better approach than FD in surgical treatment of LDH . Transforaminal endoscopic surgery has evolved from an intradiscal procedure to a true foraminal epidural procedure where both a targeted discectomy and foraminal decompression can be performed . The success of transforaminal decompression for radiculopathy using preoperative selective nerve root block as part of a treatment algorithm for single level and multilevel lumbar disc herniations is described here . After Institutional Review Board Approval , charts from 195 patients with complaints of lower back and radicular pain who received one or more endoscopic discectomy procedures were reviewed . Visual Analog Scale was applied to each patient preoperatively and 6 months after the procedure . Patients with multi-level pathologies receiving one procedure have an average relief of 69.7 % attributed to correct diagnosis of the inflicting level as opposed to 83.9 % improvement in patients with a single level herniation . Patients with single level lumbar herniations receiving one endoscopic discectomy have excellent outcomes , but with a good response to a selective nerve root block as a preoperative adjunct , patients with multilevel disc herniations also have significant benefit from single level endoscopic discectomy .
We hypothesized that a sonographic bimanual examination -LRB- SBME -RRB- would improve confidence in the pelvic examination in adult nonpregnant women with lower abdominal conditions compared to a traditional digital bimanual examination -LRB- DBME -RRB- . In a prospective comparative study at an urban regional emergency department , an ultrasound-trained group of emergency clinicians performed both an SBME and a DBME on 30 women who required a DBME as part of their evaluation . Patients were divided into 3 groups based on their body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- weight class . Inclusion criteria included lower abdominal pain , age between 18 and 55 years , hemodynamic stability , and BMI of greater than 18.5 . Exclusion criteria included pregnancy , hysterectomy , oophorectomy , and recent vaginal surgery . The patient 's sequence of examinations was randomized and then performed by a different member of the study group . Examiners assessed their confidence -LRB- 0 % -100 % -RRB- in 11 components of the pelvic examination . There were higher scores for the SBME compared to the DBME in the overall composite score , cervical position , uterine size , uterine position , uterine tenderness , ovarian size , ovarian tenderness , and presence of an adnexal mass -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- , whereas cervical motion tenderness , cervical os opening , and rectovaginal tenderness did not show significant differences . Across BMI classes , the SBME produced high composite and individual examination scores among all examination criteria . In contrast , the DBME revealed significant differences for uterine size , uterine alignment , uterine tenderness , ovarian size , and ovarian tenderness across BMI classes -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- . The SBME provides improved confidence in overall and key aspects of the pelvic examination across BMI classes compared to the DBME . To assess factors influencing an accurate pelvic examination under the best possible circumstances . Before undergoing laparoscopy or laparotomy , 84 women under general anesthesia underwent pelvic examinations by an attending gynecologist , a gynecology resident , and a medical student blinded to the indication for surgery . Surgical findings were compared with the examiners ' findings . Dependent variables -LRB- uterine size , uterine contour , and presence of adnexal masses -RRB- and effect modifiers -LRB- examiner experience and body mass index -RRB- were analyzed . The overall pelvic examination was accurate 70.2 % of the time for attending gynecologists , 64.0 % for residents , and 57.3 % for medical students . The sensitivity to detect adnexal masses was much lower than the sensitivity to assess uterine size or uterine contour . Obesity noticeably reduced detection of adnexal masses . The bimanual examination appears to be a limited screening test for the female upper genital tract even under the best possible circumstances . Uterine assessment appears to be more accurate than adnexal assessment . Pain during intrauterine device -LRB- IUD -RRB- insertion can be a barrier to initiation . Clinical trials have found misoprostol and nonsteroidal drugs to be ineffective -LRB- Am J Obstet Gynecol 2006 ; 195:1272-1277 , Hum Reprod 2011 ; 26:323-329 , Hum Reprod 2007 ; 22:2647-2652 -RRB- . One study suggested that 2 % lidocaine gel decreased pain ; however , study design problems limit its validity -LRB- Brit J Fam Plann 1996 ; 22:177-180 -RRB- . We tested whether intracervical 2 % lidocaine gel decreased insertion pain compared to placebo . We planned a randomized , double-blinded clinical trial of 200 women . We placed 2 % lidocaine gel or placebo in the cervix prior to uterine sounding . Participants rated pain by marking a 100-mm visual analogue scale at four time points . We randomized 200 participants and placed 197 IUDs . Pain was greatest at uterine sounding and similar between groups : placebo group mean 51.6 mm -LRB- SD 25 -RRB- , lidocaine group mean 55.5 mm -LRB- SD 30 , p = .33 -RRB- . Stratified analyses accounting for parity showed no treatment effect . Intracervical 2 % lidocaine gel does not decrease IUD insertion pain . Understanding predictors of increased pain may help providers with preprocedure counseling . In view of current controversies regarding the need for new , shorter intrauterine devices -LRB- IUDs -RRB- that would reduce expulsion rates in nulligravida , endometrial cavity length was measured in women of different parities using uterine sounding and ultrasonography . A cross-sectional descriptive study was performed including 570 women of 17-52 years of age , 260 of whom were nulligravida and 310 parous . The difference in mean length between measurements taken by uterine sounding and ultrasonography was 0.28 cm . Mean endometrial cavity length was 3.84 + / -0.03 cm -LRB- mean + / - S.E.M. -RRB- in nulligravida and 4.25 + / -0.03 cm in parous women according to uterine sounding -LRB- p < .001 -RRB- and 3.70 + / -0.03 cm and 3.84 + / -0.03 cm , respectively , according to ultrasonography -LRB- p = .006 -RRB- . By either technique , mean length of the endometrial cavity was > 3.6 cm , the length of the most common IUDs , the TCu380A and the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system . Therefore , the issue appears controversial for developing new , shorter IUDs , since current models fit most women , including nulligravida , albeit one third of the women of our sample showed endometrial length shorter than 3.2 cm . To evaluate the correlation between endometrial cavity length and expulsion rate in acceptors of the TCu380A intrauterine device -LRB- IUD -RRB- or the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system -LRB- LNG-IUS -RRB- . The study included 235 nulligravida and parous women who received a TCu380A IUD or LNG-IUS and who were observed for up to 1 year . The length of the uterine cavity was measured by uterine sounding and ultrasonography . The endometrial cavity was shorter than 3.2 cm in 2 LNG-IUS users and at least 3.2 cm long in 87 LNG-IUS users
In this non-randomised study , we assessed neurologic signs and symptoms , and changes in nerve-conduction studies in 46 consecutive patients given high-dose paclitaxel either with -LRB- n = 17 -RRB- or without -LRB- n = 29 -RRB- glutamine . Neurological assessments and electrodiagnostic studies were carried out at baseline and at least 2 weeks -LRB- median 32 days -RRB- after treatment . Patients who received glutamine developed significantly less weakness -LRB- P = 0.02 -RRB- , less loss of vibratory sensation -LRB- P = 0.04 -RRB- and less toe numbness -LRB- P = 0.004 -RRB- than controls . The per cent change in the compound motor action potential -LRB- CMAP -RRB- and sensory nerve action potential -LRB- SNAP -RRB- amplitudes after paclitaxel treatment was lower in the glutamine group , but this finding was not statistically significant in these small groups . In this study , serial neurologic assessment of patient symptoms and signs seemed to be a better indicator of a possible glutamine effect than sensory - or motor-nerve-conduction studies . Prospective randomised trials are needed to clarify the effect of glutamine on paclitaxel and other types of chemotherapy-induced neuropathy . Dose-limiting toxicity of many newer chemotherapeutic agents is peripheral neuropathy . Prior attempts to reduce this side effect have been unsuccessful . We report on the possible successful reduction of peripheral neuropathy with glutamine administration after high-dose paclitaxel . Patients entered a high-dose chemotherapy protocol in which the first high-dose cycle was paclitaxel at 825 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- given over 24 h . There were paired pre - and post-paclitaxel evaluations on 33 patients who did not receive glutamine and 12 patients who did . The median interval between pre - and post-exams was 32 days . For patients who received glutamine , there was a statistically significant reduction in the severity of peripheral neuropathy as measured by development of moderate to severe dysesthesias and numbness in the fingers and toes -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . The degree and incidence of motor weakness was reduced -LRB- 56 versus 25 % ; P = 0.04 -RRB- as well as deterioration in gait -LRB- 85 versus 45 % ; P = 0.016 -RRB- and interference with activities of daily living -LRB- 85 versus 27 % ; P = 0.001 -RRB- . Moderate to severe paresthesias in the fingers and toes were also reduced -LRB- 55 versus 42 % and 64 versus 50 % , respectively -RRB- , although this value was not statistically significant . All of these toxicities were reversible over time . Glutamine may reduce the severity of peripheral neuropathy associated with high-dose paclitaxel ; however , results from randomized , placebo-controlled clinical trials will be needed to fully assess its impact , if any . Trials are currently ongoing to assess its efficacy for standard-dose paclitaxel in breast cancer and other tumors for which peripheral neuropathy is the dose-limiting toxicity .
This study aims to develop a self-report questionnaire assessing the impact of vaginal dryness , soreness , itching , irritation , and pain on functioning and well-being in postmenopausal women . Structured self-report items were developed to address the impact of vaginal symptoms on functioning and well-being based on findings from focus groups with racially/ethnically diverse , symptomatic postmenopausal women . Items were refined after cognitive interview pretesting and field-tested among symptomatic postmenopausal women enrolled in a multiethnic cohort study in California . Exploratory factor analysis -LRB- SAS PROC VARCLUS -RRB- and confirmatory factor analysis evaluated factor structure and eliminated poorly fitting items . Additional evidence of construct validity was obtained via examination of correlations with other measures of related constructs . Internal consistency and test-retest reliability were assessed using Cronbach α and correlation coefficients , respectively . For the 745 postmenopausal women who completed the draft questionnaire , the mean -LRB- SD -RRB- age was 56.2 -LRB- 8.5 -RRB- years , and 66 % of the respondents were racial/ethnic minorities . The refined questionnaire included four multi-item scales addressing symptom impact on -LRB- 1 -RRB- activities of daily living , -LRB- 2 -RRB- emotional well-being , -LRB- 3 -RRB- sexual functioning , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- self-concept and body image . Correlations with other measures of symptom bothersomeness , sexual function , depression , and anxiety conformed to hypotheses . Cronbach α values ranged from 0.82 to 0.93 . Intraclass coefficients ranged from 0.47 to 0.72 . The Day-to-Day Impact of Vaginal Aging questionnaire is a new multidimensional self-report measure designed to facilitate evaluation of the impact of vaginal symptoms on postmenopausal women of diverse backgrounds . The purpose of this study was to determine the degree of correlation between physical signs of genital atrophy and symptoms that are suggestive of atrophic vaginitis . Female volunteers -LRB- n = 135 ; mean age , 69 years -RRB- rated the presence and severity -LRB- rating , 0-3 -RRB- of vaginal atrophy symptoms . The presence and severity of vaginal mucosal changes , which included vaginal pH -LRB- 0-3 -RRB- , were recorded during a pelvic examination . A vaginal cytologic maturation value was performed . Symptoms , signs , pH , and maturation value were correlated by the Spearman rank test . Symptom scores were low -LRB- mean , 0.41 ; range , 0-2.6 -RRB- . Symptoms were only weakly correlated with physical findings -LRB- r = 0.14 -RRB- and not with maturation value -LRB- r = 0.06 -RRB- or age -LRB- r = -0.004 -RRB- . There was a moderate correlation between physical examination score and maturation value -LRB- r = -0.48 -RRB- . In women > or = 65 years old , symptom score and physical examination score were correlated weakly -LRB- r = 0.25 -RRB- . Low pH correlated well with high maturation value -LRB- r = -0.52 -RRB- . Women who were undergoing estrogen therapy had higher symptoms scores -LRB- P = .0007 -RRB- and maturation values -LRB- P = .0002 -RRB- than women who were not undergoing therapy . Although urogenital atrophy occurs universally after menopause , most elderly women are minimally symptomatic . Those women on estrogen replacement therapy may be more symptomatic . Symptoms alone should not be used as a guide for the initiation of estrogen therapy . Because a previous 1-week study has shown no or minimal changes in the serum levels of dehydroepiandrosterone -LRB- DHEA -RRB- and its metabolites after up to daily 1.8 % -LRB- 23.4 mg -RRB- intravaginal DHEA , the objective of the present study was to investigate the serum steroid levels during a 12-week daily intravaginal administration of 0 % , 0.25 % , 0.5 % , and 1.0 % DHEA -LRB- Prasterone -RRB- 1.3 mL ovules . In a double-blind , placebo-controlled phase III study , 218 postmenopausal women -LRB- age range , 42-74 y -RRB- were randomized to receive daily one of four DHEA concentrations intravaginally . Serum steroids were measured by a Good Laboratory Practice-validated mass spectrometry technology in samples obtained at time of visit . The serum levels of DHEA and 11 of its metabolites measured at screening , day 1 , and weeks 2 , 4 , 8 , and 12 in women showed no or minimal changes during the whole observation period , with all values remaining well within the limits of normal postmenopausal women . No accumulation of the steroid metabolites nor change in DHEA bioavailability was detected . The present data show that local daily intravaginal DHEA administration at DHEA doses of 3.25-13 mg was able to rapidly and efficiently achieve correction of all the signs and symptoms of vaginal atrophy and improve sexual function and caused no or minimal changes in serum sex steroid levels , which all remain within the normal postmenopausal range , thus avoiding the risks of all estrogen formulations . This was an open-label study comparing effects of a nonhormonal drug-free bioadhesive vaginal moisturizer to a local estrogen therapy in the treatment of vaginal dryness symptoms . There were 15 women evaluated in each treatment group during a 12-week period . This article presents the development of a brief , self-report measure of female sexual function . Initial face validity testing of questionnaire items , identified by an expert panel , was followed by a study aimed at further refining the questionnaire . It was administered to 131 normal controls and 128 age-matched subjects with female sexual arousal disorder -LRB- FSAD -RRB- at five research centers . Based on clinical interpretations of a principal components analysis , a 6-domain structure was identified , which included desire , subjective arousal , lubrication , orgasm , satisfaction , and pain . Overall test-retest reliability coefficients were high for each of the individual domains -LRB- r = 0.79 to 0.86 -RRB- and a high degree of internal consistency was observed -LRB- Cronbach 's alpha values of 0.82 and higher -RRB- Good construct validity was demonstrated by
The purpose of this report is to summarize information on oxaliplatin , a drug recently approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . Information provided includes regulatory history , study design , efficacy and safety results , and pertinent literature references . A single , multicenter , randomized trial , enrolling 463 patients with metastatic colorectal carcinoma whose disease had recurred or progressed during or within 6 months of completion of therapy with the combination of bolus 5-fluorouracil -LRB- FU -RRB- / leucovorin -LRB- LV -RRB- and irinotecan , was submitted . Study arms included infusional 5-FU/LV alone -LRB- arm A -RRB- , oxaliplatin alone -LRB- arm B -RRB- , and the combination of oxaliplatin and infusional 5-FU/LV -LRB- arm C -RRB- . Oxaliplatin , at a dose of 85 mg/m2 , was administered to patients in arms B and C intravenously over 2 hours in 250-500 ml of dextrose 5 % in water -LRB- D5W -RRB- on day 1 only . A 200-mg/m2 dose of LV was administered simultaneously to arm C patients , in a separate bag using a Y-line , or alone to arm A patients , by i.v. infusion , over 2 hours . 5-FU was then administered to arms A and C patients , first as a bolus injection over 2-4 minutes at a dose of 400 mg/m2 , then as a continuous infusion in 500 ml of D5W over 22 hours at a dose of 600 mg/m2 . LV was repeated on day 2 of the cycle -LRB- arms A and C -RRB- followed by a 400-mg/m2 5-FU bolus and a 600-mg/m2 22-hour infusion . Treatment was repeated every 2 weeks . Response rate was the prespecified end point for accelerated approval . Time to progression -LRB- TTP -RRB- was a secondary end point . The prespecified primary comparison was between the 5-FU/LV regimen and the 5-FU/LV / oxaliplatin combination regimen . The three arms were well balanced for patient prognostic factors . There were no complete responders . The partial response rates were 0 % , 1 % , and 9 % for the 5-FU/LV , oxaliplatin , and oxaliplatin plus 5-FU/LV treatments , respectively -LRB- p = 0.0002 , arm C versus arm A -RRB- . The median times to radiographic tumor progression , based on available radiographs , were 2.7 months , 1.6 months , and 4.6 months , respectively -LRB- p < 0.0001 , arm C versus arm A -RRB- . Common adverse events associated with the combination treatment included peripheral neuropathy , fatigue , diarrhea , nausea , vomiting , stomatitis , and abdominal pain . Neutropenia was the major hematologic toxicity . Adverse events were similar in men and women and in patients < 65 and > or = 65 years of age , but older patients may have been more susceptible to dehydration , diarrhea , hypokalemia , and fatigue . Oxaliplatin in combination with infusional 5-FU/LV was approved for the treatment of patients with metastatic carcinoma of the colon or rectum whose disease has recurred or progressed during or within 6 months of completion of first-line therapy with the combination of bolus 5-FU/LV and irinotecan . Approval was based on response rate and on an interim analysis of TTP . No results are available , at this time , that demonstrate a clinical benefit , such as improvement in disease-related symptoms or survival . Oxaliplatin has become an integral part of various chemotherapy protocols , and in advanced colorectal cancer in particular . While oxaliplatin has only mild hematologic and gastrointestinal side effects , its dose-limiting toxicity is a cumulative sensory neurotoxicity that resembles that of cisplatin with the important difference of a more rapid and complete reversibility . The reversibility of neurotoxicity has been assured in long-term follow-up of patients who have received adjuvant oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy . In addition , oxaliplatin causes a very unique , but frequent , acute sensory neuropathy that is triggered or aggravated by exposure to cold but is rapidly reversible , without persistent impairment of sensory function . Various strategies have been proposed to prevent or treat oxaliplatin-induced neurotoxicity . The `` Stop-and-Go '' concept uses the reversibility of neurologic symptoms to aim at delivering higher cumulative oxaliplatin doses as long as the therapy is still effective . Several neuromodulatory agents such as calcium-magnesium infusions , antiepileptic drugs like carbamazepine or gabapentin , amifostine , alpha-lipoic acid , and glutathione have shown promising activity in prophylaxis and treatment of oxaliplatin-induced neurotoxicity . However , larger confirmatory trials are still lacking so that , to date , no evidence-based recommendation can be given for the prophylaxis of oxaliplatin-induced neurotoxicity . The predictability of neurotoxicity associated with oxaliplatin-based therapy should allow patients and doctors to develop strategies to manage this side effect in view of the individual patient 's clinical situation . The present study was designed to explore the activity of platinum compounds in cisplatin-resistant cell lines , the unselected cell lines of the National Cancer Institute 's Anticancer Drug Screen , and the potential for use in combination . The activities of four platinum compounds in cisplatin-resistant KB and A2780 cells were investigated . The cells were highly resistant to cisplatin and cross-resistant to carboplatin , but less than one-tenth as resistant to oxaliplatin and tetraplatin . Cellular accumulation of all platinum compounds was decreased in both resistant cell lines . When the activities of cisplatin and oxaliplatin were evaluated in the National Cancer Institute 's Anticancer Drug Screen , marked differences were observed . Evaluation of the activity profile using the COMPARE program revealed a different pattern for both agents : the cisplatin activity profile was similar to those of other diamine-platinum compounds , alkylating agents including melphalan , and camptothecin analogs , whereas the activity profile of oxaliplatin resembled those of other `` dach '' -LRB- diaminocyclohexane -RRB- platinum compounds and of acridine derivatives . The sensitivity profiles are influenced by the target -LRB- s -RRB- /
The purpose of this study was to compare a selective A -LRB- 2A -RRB- adenosine receptor agonist -LRB- regadenoson -RRB- with adenosine in clinically relevant canine models with regard to effects on hemodynamics and thallium-201 -LRB- -LRB- 201 -RRB- Tl -RRB- and technetium-99m -LRB- -LRB- 99m -RRB- Tc -RRB- - sestaMIBI biodistribution and kinetics . The clinical application of vasodilator stress for perfusion imaging requires consideration of the effects of these vasodilating agents on systemic hemodynamics , coronary flow , and radiotracer uptake and clearance kinetics . Sequential imaging and arterial blood sampling was performed on control , anesthetized closed-chest canines -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- to evaluate radiotracer biodistribution and kinetics after either a bolus administration of regadenoson -LRB- 2.5 microg/kg -RRB- or 4.5-min infusion of adenosine -LRB- 280 microg/kg -RRB- . The effects of regadenoson on coronary flow and myocardial radiotracer uptake were then evaluated in an open-chest canine model of a critical stenosis -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- . Results from ex vivo single-photon emission computed tomography were compared with tissue well-counting . The use of regadenoson compared favorably with adenosine in regard to the duration and magnitude of the hemodynamic effects and the effect on -LRB- 201 -RRB- Tl and -LRB- 99m -RRB- Tc-sestaMIBI biodistribution and kinetics . The arterial blood clearance half-time was significantly faster for -LRB- 99m -RRB- Tc-sestaMIBI -LRB- regadenoson : 1.4 + / - 0.03 min ; adenosine : 1.5 + / - 0.08 min -RRB- than for -LRB- 201 -RRB- Tl -LRB- regadenoson : 2.5 + / - 0.16 min , p < 0.01 ; adenosine : 2.7 + / - 0.04 min , p < 0.01 -RRB- for both vasodilator stressors . The relative microsphere flow deficit -LRB- 0.34 + / - 0.02 % -RRB- during regadenoson stress was significantly greater than the relative perfusion defect with -LRB- 99m -RRB- Tc-sestaMIBI -LRB- 0.69 + / - 0.03 % , p < 0.001 -RRB- or -LRB- 201 -RRB- Tl -LRB- 0.53 + / - 0.02 % , p < 0.001 -RRB- , although -LRB- 201 -RRB- Tl tracked the flow deficit within the ischemic region better than -LRB- 99m -RRB- Tc-sestaMIBI . The bolus administration of regadenoson produced a hyperemic response comparable to a standard infusion of adenosine . The biodistribution and clearance of both -LRB- 201 -RRB- Tl and -LRB- 99m -RRB- Tc-sestaMIBI during regadenoson were similar to adenosine vasodilation . Ex vivo perfusion images under the most ideal conditions permitted detection of a critical stenosis , although -LRB- 201 -RRB- Tl offered significant advantages over -LRB- 99m -RRB- Tc-sestaMIBI for perfusion imaging during regadenoson vasodilator stress . This study sought to determine whether regadenoson induces left ventricular perfusion defects of similar size and severity as seen with adenosine stress . Total and ischemic left ventricular perfusion defect size predict patient outcome . Therefore , it is important to show that newer stressor agents induce similar perfusion abnormalities as observed with currently available ones . The ADVANCE MPI 2 -LRB- Adenosine versus Regadenoson Comparative Evaluation for Myocardial Perfusion Imaging -RRB- study was a prospective , double-blind , randomized trial comparing image results in patients undergoing standard gated adenosine single-photon emission computed tomography -LRB- SPECT -RRB- myocardial perfusion imaging who were then randomized in a 2:1 ratio to either regadenoson -LRB- N = 495 -RRB- or a second adenosine SPECT -LRB- N = 260 -RRB- . Quantitative SPECT analysis was used to determine total left ventricular perfusion defect size and the extent of ischemia . Quantification was performed by a single observer who was blinded to randomization and image sequence . Baseline gated perfusion results were similar in patients randomized to adenosine or regadenoson . Linear regression showed a close correlation between adenosine and regadenoson for total -LRB- r = 0.97 , p < 0.001 -RRB- and ischemic -LRB- r = 0.95 , p < 0.001 -RRB- left ventricular perfusion defects . Serial differences in total -LRB- -0.03 + / - 3.89 vs. -0.13 + / - 4.16 , p = 0.73 -RRB- and ischemic -LRB- 0.15 + / - 4.08 vs. 0.25 + / - 3.81 , p = 0.74 -RRB- perfusion defect size and left ventricular ejection fraction -LRB- 0.12 + / - 0.32 vs. 0.15 + / - 0.35 , p = 0.27 -RRB- from study 1 to study 2 were virtually identical in patients randomized to regadenoson versus adenosine , respectively . The good correlation between serial adenosine and regadenoson studies regarding total -LRB- 0.41 + / - 5.43 vs. 0.21 + / - 5.23 , p = 0.76 -RRB- and ischemic -LRB- 0.17 + / - 5.31 vs. 0.23 + / - 6.08 , p = 0.94 -RRB- perfusion defects persisted in the subgroup of 308 patients with an abnormal baseline SPECT . Applying quantitative analysis , regadenoson induces virtually identical scintigraphic results as adenosine regarding the size and severity of left ventricular perfusion defects and the extent of scintigraphic ischemia . Adenosine and regadenoson increase heart rate -LRB- HR -RRB- when used as stress agents to produce coronary hyperemia due to direct sympathetic stimulation . We hypothesized that the HR response will be lower in patients with than in those without diabetes mellitus -LRB- DM -RRB- . We studied the HR response -LRB- percentage maximal increase -RRB- in 2,000 patients in The ADenoscan Versus regAdenosoN Comparative Evaluation for Myocardial Perfusion Imaging -LRB- ADVANCE MPI 1 and 2 -RRB- Trials with known DM status . There were 643 patients with a history of DM -LRB- 65.4 + / - 0.4 years , 32 % women -RRB- and 1,357 patients with no DM -LRB- 65.5 + / - 0.3 years , 29 % women -RRB- . Compared with non-DM , the DM group had higher HR at baseline -LRB- 68.4 + / - 0.48 vs 65.2 + / - 0.31 beat/min , P < .001 -RRB- and smaller HR response after adenosine or regadenoson administration -LRB- 29.4 % + / - 0.64 % vs 36.1 % +
Vitamin D deficiency has been rediscovered as a public-health problem worldwide . It has been postulated that vitamin D deficiency may explain a portion of the asthma epidemic . The purpose of this review is to present the evidence for a role of vitamin D in asthma . Both animal models and studies in human fetal tissues show that vitamin D plays a role in fetal lung growth and maturation . Epidemiologic studies have also suggested that higher prenatal vitamin D intakes have a protective role against wheezing illnesses in young children . Vitamin D may protect against wheezing illnesses through its role in upregulating antimicrobial proteins or through its multiple immune effects . In addition , vitamin D may play a therapeutic role in steroid resistant asthmatics , and lower vitamin D levels have recently been associated with higher risks for asthma exacerbations . Improving vitamin D status holds promise in primary prevention of asthma , in decreasing exacerbations of disease , and in treating steroid resistance . A compromised vitamin D status , characterized by low 25-hydroxyvitamin D -LRB- 25 - -LRB- OH -RRB- D -RRB- serum levels , and a nutritional calcium deficit are widely encountered in European and North American countries , independent of age or gender . Both conditions are linked to the pathogenesis of many degenerative , malignant , inflammatory and metabolic diseases . Studies on tissue-specific expression and activity of vitamin D metabolizing enzymes , 25 - -LRB- OH -RRB- D-1 alpha-hydroxylase and 25 - -LRB- OH -RRB- D-24-hydroxylase , and of the extracellular calcium-sensing receptor -LRB- CaR -RRB- have led to the understanding of how , in non-renal tissues and cellular systems , locally produced 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D -LRB- 3 -RRB- -LRB- 1,25 - -LRB- OH -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- D -LRB- 3 -RRB- -RRB- and extracellular Ca -LRB- 2 + -RRB- act jointly as key regulators of cellular proliferation , differentiation and function . Impairment of cooperative signalling from the 1,25 - -LRB- OH -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- D -LRB- 3 -RRB- - activated vitamin D receptor -LRB- VDR -RRB- and from the CaR in vitamin D and calcium insufficiency causes cellular dysfunction in many organs and biological systems , and , therefore , increases the risk of diseases , particularly of osteoporosis , colorectal and breast cancer , inflammatory bowel disease , insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus type I , metabolic syndrome , diabetes mellitus type II , hypertension and cardiovascular disease . Understanding the underlying molecular and cellular processes provides a rationale for advocating adequate intake of vitamin D and calcium in all populations , thereby preventing many chronic diseases worldwide . Allergic diseases including asthma have risen considerably in prevalence in the last 50 years . A concomitant rise in autoimmune disease suggests a defect in immunoregulation , rather than a reduction in T-helper type 1 immunity . Immune responses to innocuous environmental antigens in health are characterized by dominant regulation through the production of interleukin-10 and transforming growth factor-beta . Recent studies suggest that diverse populations of regulatory T cells -LRB- Treg -RRB- play an important role in regulating T-helper type 2 -LRB- Th2 -RRB- responses to allergens , maintaining functional tolerance . Regulatory responses appear to be compromised in allergic individuals but may be reconstituted to some extent with specific allergen immunotherapy . In experimental models , Treg can suppress Th2 responses to allergen , airway eosinophilia , mucous hypersecretion , and airway hyperresponsiveness . Further studies are required to precisely define the mechanisms of development and action of these cells , and to identify and evaluate novel targets for the treatment of allergic diseases .
In this study a computer aided navigation technique for accurate positioning of oral implants was assessed . An optical tracking system with specially designed tools for monitoring the position of surgical instruments relative to the patient was used to register 5 partially or completely edentulous jaw models . Besides the accuracy of the tracking system , the precision of localizing a specific position on 3-dimensional preoperative imagery is governed by the registration algorithm which conveys the coordinate system of the preoperative computed tomography -LRB- CT -RRB- scan to the actual patient position . Two different point-to-point registration algorithms were compared for their suitability for this application . The accuracy was determined separately for the localization error of the position measurement hardware -LRB- fiducial localization error-FLE -RRB- and the error as reported by the registration algorithm -LRB- fiducial registration error-FRE -RRB- . The overall error of the navigation procedure was determined as the localization error of additional landmarks -LRB- steel spheres , 0.5 mm diameter -RRB- after registration -LRB- target registration error-TRE -RRB- . Images of the jaw models were obtained using a high resolution CT scan -LRB- 1.5 mm slice thickness , 1 mm table feed , incremental scanning , 120 kV , 150 mAs , 512 x 512 matrix , FOV 120 mm -RRB- . The accuracy of the position measurement probes was 0.69 + / - 0.15 mm -LRB- FLE -RRB- . Using 3 implanted fiducial markers , FRE was 0.71 + / - 0.12 mm on average and 1.00 + / - 0.13 mm maximum . TRE was found to be 1.23 + / - 0.28 mm average and 1.87 + / - 0.47 mm maximum . Increasing the number of fiducial markers to a total of 5 did not significantly improve precision . Furthermore it was found that a registration algorithm based on solving an eigenvalue problem is the superior approach for point-to-point matching in terms of mathematical stability . The experimental results indicate that positioning accuracy of oral implants may benefit from computer aided intraoperative navigation . The accuracy achieved compares well to the resolution of the CT scan used . Further development of point-to-point/point-to-surface registration methods and tracking hardware has the potential to improve the precision of the method even further . Our system has potential to reduce the intraoperative risk of causing damage to critical anatomic structures , to minimize the efforts in prosthetic modelling , and to simplify the task of transferring preoperative planning data precisely to the operating room in general . When implants are placed interforaminally in mandibular implant-supported screw-retained prostheses , the most anterior implant is usually positioned lingual to the incisors of the prosthesis . This creates an anterior cantilever with the entire prosthesis acting as a class I lever and possibly placing the anterior implant under alternating tension and compression during function . The purpose of this study was to measure the anterior cantilever of randomly chosen patients with restored mandibular implant-supported fixed prostheses , and to establish the proportions of anterior to posterior cantilever lengths relative to the anteroposterior spread . Thirteen edentulous patients were recruited from the University of Minnesota 's dental implant program . Each patient had been restored with a maxillary complete denture and a mandibular implant-supported screw-retained prosthesis supported by 5 endosseous implants . Each patient had 1 mandibular impression made with irreversible hydrocolloid , which was poured in type III gypsum . A FaroArm precision 3D measuring stylus was used to make multiple-axis -LRB- X-Y-Z -RRB- measurements -LRB- mm -RRB- on the casts of the dental implants , of anteroposterior spread , and anterior and posterior cantilevers . Presence or absence of screw loosening was noted using a screwdriver with finger pressure . Data were analyzed using a 1-way analysis of variance to compare prostheses with loose screws to prostheses without loose screws , for each of 3 outcome measures : length of anterior cantilever , length of posterior cantilever , and anteroposterior spread -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- . Mandibular anterior cantilever lengths ranged from 5.5 to 14.4 mm with a mean of 8.78 mm . Combined posterior cantilever lengths ranged from 9.2 to 20.9 mm with a mean of 16.2 mm . Anteroposterior spread ranged from 5.2 to 12.3 mm with a mean of 7.9 mm . From a total of 65 retaining screws , 7 were found to be completely loose . No apparent correlation was found between length of mandibular anterior cantilever and screw loosening -LRB- P = .45 -RRB- , although the ratio of posterior cantilever to anteroposterior spread -LRB- 2:4 -RRB- was significantly associated with screw loosening -LRB- P = .006 -RRB- . Within the limitations of this study , anterior cantilevers in mandibular implant-supported screw-retained prostheses were frequent and appeared to depend on implant placement and prosthesis design . The ratio of anterior to posterior cantilever lengths was approximately 1:2 . Arteriovenous malformations -LRB- AVMs -RRB- and benign or low grade , small malignant tumors can be treated by stereotactic radiotherapy in a single fraction . This report describes a technique for stereotactic treatment of small lesions using conventional , fractionated , photon beam irradiation . The Laitinen 's stereoadapter , non-invasive head frame was used . This device was tested for accuracy by serial mountings and found to be accurate within 1 mm . The accuracy of the dose delivered was within 2 % . Adaptation of this device to the linear accelerator required the design of secondary circular collimators which decreased the penumbra from 3-4 mm to 2-3 mm . The dose fall off outside the target volume is steep enough when using two non-coplanar arcs -LRB- 90 to 10 % within 1 cm -RRB- . Thermoluminescent dosimetry -LRB- TLD -RRB- in a humanoid phantom showed good correlation with the calculated dose . This system permits delivery of fractionated radiation therapy to small volumes , easily and accurately , under stereotactic conditions . A comparative study was carried out of 276 Brånemark
Patients were evaluated longitudinally with clinical ratings and with plasma measures of the catecholamines dopamine -LRB- pDA -RRB- and norepinephrine -LRB- pNE -RRB- and their metabolites , homovanillic acid -LRB- pHVA -RRB- and 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol -LRB- pMHPG -RRB- . Measures of pHVA increased within the first week of treatment and returned to baseline by week 5 . The pattern of change of pDA resembled that of pHVA . The early increase and the subsequent decrease in pHVA were strongly correlated with improvement in positive symptoms on the BPRS . These data are consistent with previous reports on the change in pHVA and pMHPG during clinical response to haloperidol . The data on change of pDA and pNE further describe the nature of the biochemical response to this drug .
Mycophenolate mofetil -LRB- MMF -RRB- is an inhibitor of purine nucleotide de novo synthesis leading to impaired proliferation of activated lymphocytes . Studies in animals show a synergistic effect of MMF and cyclosporine -LRB- CsA -RRB- in preventing acute graft-versus-host disease -LRB- GVHD -RRB- after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation . We performed a pilot study evaluating the feasibility of the combined application of MMF and CsA as GVHD prophylaxis after allogeneic blood stem cell transplantation . Toxicity and the bioavailability of MMF in this setting were investigated . Fourteen patients who had received grafts from HLA-compatible siblings received 2 g of oral MMF from day 1 to 14 combined with intravenous CsA at 4 mg/kg starting at day-1 . Plasma levels of mycophenolic acid -LRB- MPA -RRB- and its glucoronide were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography . Fifteen patients treated with a combination of CsA and methotrexate at the same institution were referred to as the control group . Trilineage engraftment was achieved in all study and control patients . Acute GVHD > or = grade II was observed in 46.5 % and 60 % of the study and control patients , respectively . No major differences in the rate of acute toxicities were detectable . The mean trough blood level of MPA in 10 patients was 0.28 microg/ml , and 5.7 microg/ml for MPA glucoronide . Reduced peak levels of MPA indicate a reduced absorption rate of MMF in the early posttransplant phase . The combined administration of MMF and CsA was shown to be feasible in patients after allogeneic blood stem cell transplantation . Because of the decreased bioavailability of MMF , dose-finding studies for an intravenous formulation are warranted . Methotrexate in combination with a calcineurin inhibitor is a standard graft-versus-host disease -LRB- GVHD -RRB- prophylactic regimen in allogeneic stem cell transplantation . However , methotrexate is associated with delayed engraftment , mucositis , idiopathic pneumonia syndrome , and other transplant-related complications . Sirolimus , a novel immunosuppressant without methotrexate 's toxicities , has been used successfully in solid organ transplantation . We hypothesized that replacing methotrexate with sirolimus would preserve effective prophylaxis of GVHD while minimizing transplant-related toxicity after allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell transplantation . We enrolled 30 patients in a phase II study to test the efficacy of tacrolimus in combination with sirolimus in lieu of methotrexate in preventing GVHD after allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell transplantation from HLA-matched related donors . Grade II GVHD occurred in 3 patients -LRB- 10 % -RRB- , and no patient developed grade III or IV GVHD . Neutrophil and platelet engraftment were prompt , occurring on days 14 and 13 , respectively . All patients survived to hospital discharge -LRB- median , 18 days -RRB- , and peritransplantation toxicity was mild . Four patients developed thrombotic microangiopathy , and 3 patients developed hepatic veno-occlusive disease . Chronic GVHD occurred in 11 patients . Relapse-free and overall survival at 100 days were 93 % and 97 % , respectively , and were 71 % and 67 % at 1 year . Causes of death included relapse -LRB- n = 6 -RRB- , veno-occlusive disease -LRB- n = 1 -RRB- , and late pulmonary toxicity -LRB- n = 1 -RRB- . Sirolimus in combination with tacrolimus is a promising alternative to methotrexate-based regimens for GVHD prophylaxis after matched related donor peripheral blood stem cell transplantation . Mucositis was modest , engraftment was prompt , and transplant-related toxicity was modest . Methotrexate-free , sirolimus-based GVHD prophylactic regimens should be tested in randomized trials against the current standard of care . Everolimus , a novel proliferation inhibitor and immunosuppressive agent , may suppress cardiac-allograft vasculopathy . We conducted a randomized , double-blind , clinical trial comparing everolimus with azathioprine in recipients of a first heart transplant . A total of 634 patients were randomly assigned to receive 1.5 mg of everolimus per day -LRB- 209 patients -RRB- , 3.0 mg of everolimus per day -LRB- 211 patients -RRB- , or 1.0 to 3.0 mg of azathioprine per kilogram of body weight per day -LRB- 214 patients -RRB- , in combination with cyclosporine , corticosteroids , and statins . The primary efficacy end point was a composite of death , graft loss or retransplantation , loss to follow-up , biopsy-proved acute rejection of grade 3A , or rejection with hemodynamic compromise . At six months , the percentage of patients who had reached the primary efficacy end point was significantly smaller in the group given 3.0 mg of everolimus -LRB- 27.0 percent , P < 0.001 -RRB- and the group given 1.5 mg of everolimus -LRB- 36.4 percent , P = 0.03 -RRB- than in the azathioprine group -LRB- 46.7 percent -RRB- . Intravascular ultrasonography showed that the average increase in maximal intimal thickness 12 months after transplantation was significantly smaller in the two everolimus groups than in the azathioprine group . The incidence of vasculopathy was also significantly lower in the 1.5-mg group -LRB- 35.7 percent , P = 0.045 -RRB- and the 3.0-mg group -LRB- 30.4 percent , P = 0.01 -RRB- than in the azathioprine group -LRB- 52.8 percent -RRB- . The rates of cytomegalovirus infection were significantly lower in the 1.5-mg group -LRB- 7.7 percent , P < 0.001 -RRB- and the 3.0-mg group -LRB- 7.6 percent , P < 0.001 -RRB- than in the azathioprine group -LRB- 21.5 percent -RRB- . Rates of bacterial infection were significantly higher in the 3.0-mg group than in the azathioprine group . Serum creatinine levels were also significantly higher in the two everolimus groups than in the azathioprine group . Everolimus was more efficacious than azathioprine in reducing the severity and incidence of cardiac-allograft vasculopathy , suggesting that everolimus therapy may alleviate this serious problem . Graft-versus-host disease in its acute -LRB- aGvHD -RRB- or chronic form -LRB- cGvHD -RRB- remains the most important posttransplantation factor influencing outcome after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation -LRB- HSCT -RRB- . It increases transplantation-related
The purpose of this study was to test the hypothesis that a small heart coupled with reduced blood volume contributes to the postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome -LRB- POTS -RRB- and that exercise training improves this syndrome . Patients with POTS have marked increases in heart rate during orthostasis . However , the underlying mechanisms are unknown and the effective therapy is uncertain . Twenty-seven POTS patients underwent autonomic function tests , cardiac magnetic resonance imaging , and blood volume measurements . Twenty-five of them participated in a 3-month specially designed exercise training program with 19 completing the program ; these patients were re-evaluated after training . Results were compared with those of 16 healthy controls . Upright heart rate and total peripheral resistance were greater , whereas stroke volume and cardiac output were smaller in patients than in controls . Baroreflex function was similar between groups . Left ventricular mass -LRB- median -LSB- 25th , 75th percentiles -RSB- , 1.26 g/kg -LSB- 1.12 , 1.37 g/kg -RSB- vs. 1.45 g/kg -LSB- 1.34 , 1.57 g/kg -RSB- ; p < 0.01 -RRB- and blood volume -LRB- 60 ml/kg -LSB- 54 , 64 ml/kg -RSB- vs. 71 ml/kg -LSB- 65 , 78 ml/kg -RSB- ; p < 0.01 -RRB- were smaller in patients than in controls . Exercise training increased left ventricular mass and blood volume by approximately 12 % and approximately 7 % and decreased upright heart rate by 9 beats/min -LSB- 1 , 17 beats/min -RSB- . Ten of 19 patients no longer met POTS criteria after training , whereas patient quality of life assessed by the 36-item Short-Form Health Survey was improved in all patients after training . Autonomic function was intact in POTS patients . Exercise training improved or even cured this syndrome in most patients . It seems reasonable to offer POTS a new name based on its underlying pathophysiology , the `` Grinch syndrome , '' because in this famous children 's book by Dr. Seuss , the main character had a heart that was `` two sizes too small . '' It has also been shown that exercise intolerance is associated with a reduced stroke volume -LRB- SV -RRB- in POTS , and that the high heart rate -LRB- HR -RRB- observed at rest and during exercise in these patients is due to this low SV . We tested the hypotheses that -LRB- a -RRB- circulatory control during exercise is normal in POTS ; and -LRB- b -RRB- that physical ` reconditioning ' with exercise training improves exercise performance in patients with POTS . Nineteen -LRB- 18 women -RRB- POTS patients completed a 3 month training programme . Cardiovascular responses during maximal exercise testing were assessed in the upright position before and after training . Resting left ventricular diastolic function was evaluated by Doppler echocardiography . Results were compared with those of 10 well-matched healthy sedentary controls . A lower SV resulted in a higher HR in POTS at any given oxygen uptake -LRB- V -LRB- O -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- during exercise while the cardiac output -LRB- Q -LRB- c -RRB- -RRB- - V -LRB- O -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- relationship was normal . V -LRB- O -LRB- 2peak -RRB- -RRB- was lower in POTS than controls -LRB- 26.1 ± 1.0 -LRB- SEM -RRB- vs. 36.3 ± 0.9 ml kg-1 min-1 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- due to a lower peak SV -LRB- 65 ± 3 vs. 80 ± 5 ml ; P = 0.009 -RRB- . After training in POTS , HR became lower at any given due to increased SV without changes in the -- relationship . V -LRB- O -LRB- 2peak -RRB- -RRB- increased by 11 % -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- due to increased peak SV -LRB- P = 0.021 -RRB- and was proportional to total blood volume . Peak HR was similar , but HR recovery from exercise was faster after training than before training -LRB- P = 0.036 for training and 0.009 for interaction -RRB- . Resting diastolic function was mostly normal in POTS before training , though diastolic suction was impaired -LRB- P = 0.023 -RRB- . There were no changes in any Doppler index after training . These results suggest that short-term exercise training improves physical fitness and cardiovascular responses during exercise in patients with POTS .
Preeclampsia is the most common medical disorder of pregnancy . Early onset preeclampsia is defined as presentation of hypertension and proteinuria before 34 weeks of gestation . Alterations of endothelial cells and fibrin deposition in microvasculature lead to enhanced activation of the coagulation cascade and impaired fibrinolysis associated with multiple organ dysfunctions . Plasma samples were obtained from 50 patients with severe preeclampsia before 34 weeks of gestation and in 61 patients with late preeclampsia . Factor VIIIR : Ag , fibrinogen , D-dimer , and thrombomodulin increased with advanced pregnancy . The platelet count is very important because of the close correlation with the activations parameters of D-dimer and antithrombin . Our results were consistent with activated coagulation and lowering of platelet count in severe cases with early onset preeclampsia . Women who develop early onset preeclampsia characterized a subgroup of patients with more and severe hematologic abnormalities than women with late preeclampsia -LRB- after 34 weeks of gestation -RRB- . In a prospective study plasma AT III was determined in 2423 samples obtained from 653 women during pregnancy and post partum . The women were allocated to groups , according to the highest diastolic blood pressure , in the third trimester . AT III levels were normal throughout pregnancy , during labour and after vaginal delivery , except in 57 women with pregnancy induced or aggravated hypertension . We present evidence that AT III depression in pre-eclampsia is caused by increased consumption . AT III levels correlate with maternal morbidity as revealed by hepatorenal damage . A weak but significant correlation of AT III and platelets with placental infarction was demonstrated . Proteinuria was the best predictor of fetal outcome . AT III plasma levels increased the number of correct predictions . Following vaginal delivery AT III plasma levels rapidly returned to normal values . Antithrombin III -LRB- AT-III -RRB- activity was measured and compared in 29 patients with preeclampsia and 31 women with normal pregnancies . AT-III levels were 83 + / - 25 % in preeclamptic patients with greater than 5 g/l proteinuria compared with 102 + / - 11 % in the controls . Less severe proteinuria was not associated with decreased AT-III levels . Multivariate analysis revealed that the duration of pregnancy and the degree of proteinuria had an independent negative effect on AT-III levels . AT-III activity correlated poorly with platelet counts and blood pressure measurements . We conclude that urinary loss appears to be the major mechanisms of lower AT-III levels observed in our patients with preeclampsia . Acute fatty liver -LRB- AFLP -RRB- is a rare complication of late pregnancy . The maternal and fetal mortality has earlier been reported to be about 75 % , but during the last decade a reduced mortality to about 30 and 50 % , respectively , has been reported in the literature . Disseminated intravascular coagulation -LRB- DIC -RRB- has been suggested as a contributing cause to the high mortality . The treatment of DIC has long been under debate , and recently the administration of antithrombin III -LRB- AT -RRB- concentrate in addition to other supportive treatment has been reported successful . This paper presents the survival of 1 patient with severe liver and renal failure indicating AFLP complicated by severe disturbances in blood coagulation and fibrinolysis . The patient was treated with AT concentrate and small doses of heparin , blood coagulation factors , large amounts of glucose intravenously and supportive intensive care . The pregnancy was terminated by cesarean section . The child was stillborn and 75 % of the placental parenchyma was fibrosed . A double-blind , randomized , placebo-controlled trial was conducted to evaluate whether treatment with Antithrombin -LRB- AT -RRB- concentrates improved the clinical and perinatal outcome in patients with severe preeclampsia . Severe preeclamptic patients -LRB- 24 to 35 weeks of gestation . Gestosis Index -LRB- GI -RRB- > or = 6 points -RRB- were randomized into two groups : 66 received AT and 67 received placebo . There were no statistical differences in the clinical profiles of the two groups . Study drugs were given intravenously once daily for 7 consecutive days . Maternal symptoms were evaluated from the difference of GI between before and after treatment , and fetal findings were evaluated from the changes of the biophysical profile score and the estimated fetal weight gain . Improvement was significantly greater in the AT group for both the GI -LRB- p = 0.020 -RRB- and the estimated fetal weight gain -LRB- p = 0.029 -RRB- . The improvement of coagulation parameters was also evaluated . The D-dimer levels increased significantly in the placebo group -LRB- p = 0.026 -RRB- , but did not change in the AT group . Gestation was significantly prolonged -LRB- p = 0.007 -RRB- , and the number of low-birth weight infants was significantly smaller -LRB- p = 0.011 -RRB- in the AT group . No adverse events related to AT were observed . It is revealed that AT concentrate therapy for preeclampsia is effective and safe , leading to an improved perinatal outcome . The prospective feasibility study was designed to determine whether treatment with antithrombin -LRB- AT -RRB- concentrates could be used for patients with severe preeclampsia to provide clinical efficacy without the full systemic antihypertensive drug . Twenty-nine severe preeclamptic patients -LRB- 24 to 36 weeks of gestation , gestosis index -LSB- GI -RSB- > / = 6 points -RRB- were randomized to receive AT -LRB- 1500 U/day -RRB- or not . Twenty-four hours of continuous infusion of 5000 U/day of unfractionated heparin was given simultaneously in both groups . There were no statistical differences in the clinical profiles of the two groups . Improvement was significantly greater in the AT group for both the GI -LRB- P = 0.046 -RRB- and the biophysical profile score -LRB- P = 0.022 -RRB- . The improvement of coagulation parameters was also evaluated . The improvement of plasmin-plasmin inhibitor complex -LRB-
The development of pulmonary arterial hypertension -LRB- PAH -RRB- can complicate many interstitial lung diseases , including idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis -LRB- IPF -RRB- . We sought to characterize the prevalence of PAH and its impact on survival in patients with advanced IPF . Retrospective analysis of consecutive IPF patients undergoing pretransplantation right heart catheterization . Lung transplant and IPF referral center . PAH was defined as a mean pulmonary artery pressure -LRB- mPAP -RRB- of > 25 mm Hg . We compared demographic , spirometric , 6-min walk test -LRB- 6MWT -RRB- results , and survival outcomes between those with PAH and those without PAH . Seventy-nine patients were included in the study . PAH was present in 31.6 % of patients -LRB- mean -LSB- + / - SD -RSB- mPAP , 29.5 + / - 3.3 vs 19.1 + / - 3.7 mm Hg , respectively -RRB- . Those patients with PAH had a lower mean diffusing capacity of the lung for carbon monoxide -LRB- Dlco -RRB- -LRB- 37.6 + / - 11.3 % vs 31.1 + / - 10.1 % , respectively ; p = 0.04 -RRB- and were more likely to require supplemental oxygen -LRB- 66.7 % vs 17.6 % , respectively ; p < 0.0001 -RRB- . Mean distance walked -LRB- 143.5 + / - 65.5 vs 365.9 + / - 81.8 m , respectively ; p < 0.001 -RRB- and mean pulse oximetric saturation nadir -LRB- 80.1 + / - 3.7 % vs 88.0 + / - 3.5 % , respectively ; p < 0.001 -RRB- during the 6MWT were also lower among those with PAH . PAH was associated with a greater risk of death during the study period -LRB- mortality rate , 60.0 % vs 29.9 % , respectively ; odds ratio , 2.6 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 2.3 to 3.1 ; p = 0.001 -RRB- . One-year mortality rates were higher in those with PAH -LRB- 28.0 % vs 5.5 % , respectively ; p = 0.002 -RRB- . As a predictor of mortality , PAH had a sensitivity , specificity , and accuracy of 57.1 % , 79.3 % , and 73.4 % , respectively . There was a linear correlation between mPAP and outcomes with higher pressures associated with a greater risk of mortality -LRB- hazard ratio , 1.09 ; 95 % CI , 1.02 to 1.16 -RRB- . FVC and Dlco did not predict outcomes . PAH is common in advanced cases of IPF and significantly impacts survival . A reduced Dlco , supplemental oxygen requirement , or poor 6-min walk performance should raise suspicion of the presence of underlying PAH . Identifying PAH might be an important adjunct in monitoring disease progression , triaging for transplantation , and guiding therapy . To evaluate the long-term clinical course of patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis -LRB- IPF -RRB- complicated with pulmonary arterial hypertension . Prospective analysis of consecutive IPF patients undergoing initial workup with right-heart catheterization -LRB- RHC -RRB- and pulmonary function testing -LRB- PFT -RRB- . Pulmonary arterial pressure -LRB- PAP -RRB- and diffusion capacity of the lung for carbon monoxide -LRB- Dlco -RRB- were focused on . University hospital . Seventy-eight patients with IPF -LRB- 67 men , 11 women ; diagnosis by pathology , n = 59 ; clinical diagnosis , n = 19 -RRB- had been followed up after initial workup for a maximum of 14 years . RHC data on 61 patients and PFT data on 52 patients were available . Five-year survival rates were 62.2 % in the normal-PAP group -LRB- mean PAP < 17 mm Hg , n = 37 -RRB- and 16.7 % in the high-PAP group -LRB- mean PAP > 17 mm Hg , n = 24 -RRB- -LSB- p < 0.001 -RSB- ; 70.4 % in the preserved-Dlco group -LRB- percentage of predicted > 40 % , n = 27 -RRB- and 20.0 % in the low-Dlco group -LRB- percentage of predicted < 40 % , n = 25 -RRB- -LSB- p < 0.001 -RSB- ; and 82.6 % in group 1 -LRB- normal PAP and preserved Dlco , n = 23 -RRB- and 15.6 % in group 2 -LRB- high PAP , low Dlco , or both , n = 32 -RRB- -LSB- p < 0.0001 -RSB- . The relative risks of mortality within 5 years after RHC were 2.20 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 1.40 to 3.45 -RRB- in the high-PAP group , 2.70 -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.46 to 4.99 -RRB- in the low-Dlco group , and 4.85 -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.97 to 11.97 -RRB- in group 2 . Dlco was a critical factor for evaluating disease status and prognosis , and PAP status provided feasible information in the initial workup of IPF patients . Lung fibrosis can be complicated by pulmonary hypertension , limiting exercise tolerance and life expectancy . Furthermore , vasodilators might cause deterioration in gas exchange . Our aim was to compare acute effects of sildenafil , nitric oxide , and epoprostenol in individuals with pulmonary hypertension secondary to lung fibrosis . We did a randomised controlled , open-label trial , in 16 individuals admitted to our hospital with pulmonary hypertension secondary to lung fibrosis . After inhalation of nitric oxide -LRB- 10-20 ppm -RRB- , we assigned patients to either maximum tolerated dose of intravenous epoprostenol -LRB- mean 8.0 ng/kg per min ; n = 8 -RRB- or oral sildenafil -LRB- 50 mg ; n = 8 -RRB- . Our primary objective was to assess pulmonary vasodilative potency -LRB- decrease in pulmonary vascular resistance index -RRB- of sildenafil by comparison with inhaled nitric oxide and infused epoprostenol . Analyses were by intention to treat . Pulmonary vascular resistance index was reduced by nitric oxide -LRB- -21.9 % , 95 % CI -14.1 to -36.2 -RRB- , epoprostenol -LRB- -36.9 % , -24.4 to -59.6 -RRB- , and sildenafil -LRB- -32.5
The purpose of this study was to compare the clinical and radiographic outcome of arthroscopic partial and total meniscectomy . Retrospective outcome study . Thirty-six male patients with stable knees , no previous knee injury , and arthroscopic meniscectomy were matched into 2 groups : partial or total . In addition , a group of individuals with no known history of knee injury was matched to each patient with meniscectomy . All patients were re-examined by a clinical and radiographic examination 14 years after surgery . At follow-up , radiographic changes , including Fairbank changes and joint space narrowing , were seen in 6 of 18 patients -LRB- 33 % -RRB- after partial meniscectomy and in 13 of 18 patients -LRB- 72 % -RRB- after total meniscectomy -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- . Joint space narrowing > 50 % of the joint space was seen in 1 patient after partial meniscectomy but was present in 7 patients after total meniscectomy . In the healthy controls , 4 of 36 patients -LRB- 11 % -RRB- had radiographic changes but none had joint space narrowing . Fourteen years after surgery almost 70 % of patients had a Lysholm score > 94 -LRB- i.e. , normal -RRB- . Only 5 of 36 patients -LRB- 14 % -RRB- in the total meniscectomy group had knee symptoms during activities of daily living . A similar decline in activity levels according to Tegner was seen over time in the control group and in the 2 meniscectomy groups . The frequency of radiographic changes 14 years after meniscectomy is related to the size of the meniscus removed , but the grades of these changes are low and have little influence on activity and knee function . Meniscal repair is a viable alternative to resection in many clinical situations . Repair techniques traditionally have utilized a variety of suture methods , including inside-out and outside-in techniques . Bioabsorbable implants permit all-inside arthroscopic repairs . The success of meniscal repair depends on appropriate meniscal bed preparation and surgical technique and is also influenced by biologic factors such as tear rim width and associated ligamentous injury . Successful repair in > 80 % of cases has been reported in conjunction with anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction . Success rates are lower for isolated repairs . Complications related to repair include neurologic injury , postoperative loss of motion , recurrence of the tear , and infection . Meniscal allograft transplantation may provide a treatment option when meniscus salvage is not possible or when a previous total meniscectomy has been done . Some evidence shows that selected growth factors can increase proteoglycan synthesis and that fibrin clot aids in the repair of meniscal tears . A significant -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- dose-dependent stimulation of proteoglycan synthesis was found with platelet-derived growth factor AB -LRB- PDGF - -LSB- AB -RSB- -RRB- , transforming growth factor-beta1 and bone morphogenetic protein-7 -LRB- osteogenic protein-I -RRB- . In separate experiments , a significant increase in cellularity was found in the deep and superficial aspects of the explants treated with PDGF - -LRB- AB -RRB- compared with those treated with basal medium alone . The current study provides data as to which growth factors might prove most useful in the maintenance and repair of menisci . The importance of meniscal preservation has become increasingly clear , and many authors advocate repair of the meniscus whenever possible , forgoing patient age and tear location . In accordance with the common goal of preserving meniscal tissue , we describe a simple technique to augment meniscal repairs with the use of an in situ fibrin clot . The site is prepared accordingly : the synovium directly above the tear site is abraded with a shaver , rasp , or small intra-articular banana blade . Next , the water inflow cannula is closed , and the outflow cannula is opened to vacuum suctioning , allowing collapse of the distended joint . Under these circumstances , negative intra-articular pressure is produced in the knee joint . This condition is maintained for a period of 1 to 2 minutes and induces bleeding from the abraded synovial site . The knee in a dependent position causes the blood to run down the synovial wall and into the meniscal cleft , pooling there and forming a clot adherent to the edges of the separated meniscal tear . This procedure has been found to be a simple and minimally invasive mechanism for clot placement . The exposed collagen of the meniscal tear provides an ideal surface for a relatively tenacious clot attachment . It provides the healing factors reported to induce successful meniscal healing . In this series of 153 meniscus tears , 8 % were isolated whereas 92 % were in conjunction with anterior cruciate ligament -LRB- ACL -RRB- tears . Exogenous fibrin clot was injected with a blunt needle in the seam of the tear . One to 2 ml of clot was sufficient to fill an average defect . When gaps could not be closed , such as with a radial split or flap in the posterior one-third of the meniscus , a fascia sheath was used to cover these defects and the exogenous clot was injected under the cover of the sheath . ACL-deficient knees were stabilized with an intraarticular reconstruction . Overall results were 64 % healed , 24 % incompletely healed , and 12 % failed -LRB- less than 50 % of vertical height of tear healed -RRB- . In ACL-associated knees , the failure rate was 1.5 % for tears in which surgery occurred up to two months after the time of injury . The failure rate for tears surgically treated two months to several years after injury was 20 % . Complex tears had an even higher failure rate of 22 % . It is these tears that will be treated with the fascia sheath . The isolated tear failure rate was 41 % without the exogenous fibrin
The aim of the present article is to summarize current knowledge in terms of the etiology , diagnosis , prognosis and surgical treatment of gingival recession . Whilst the main etiological factors -LRB- i.e. toothbrushing trauma and bacterial plaque -RRB- are well established , challenges still remain to be solved in the diagnostic , prognostic and classification processes of gingival recession , especially when the main reference parameter - the cemento-enamel junction - is no longer detectable on the affected tooth or when there is a slight loss of periodontal interdental attachment . Root coverage in single type gingival recession defects is a very predictable outcome following the use of various surgical techniques . The coronally advanced flap , with or without connective tissue grafting , is the technique of choice . The adjunctive use of connective tissue grafts improves the probability of achieving complete root coverage . Surgical coverage of multiple gingival recessions is also predictable with the coronally advanced flap and the coronally advanced flap plus the connective tissue graft , but no data are available indicating which , and how many , gingival recessions should be treated adjunctively with connective tissue grafting in order to limit patient morbidity and improve the esthetic outcome . None of the allograft materials currently available can be considered as a full substitute for the connective tissue graft , even if some recent results are encouraging . The need for future studies with patient-based outcomes -LRB- i.e. esthetics and morbidity -RRB- as primary objectives is emphasized in this review . This paper aims to create a `` bridge '' between research and practice by developing a practical , extensive , and clinically relevant study that translates evidence-based findings on soft tissue root coverage -LRB- RC -RRB- of recession-type defects to daily clinical practice . This review is prepared in accordance with the PRISMA -LRB- Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses -RRB- statement based on the proposed focused questions . A literature search with no restrictions regarding status or the language of publication was performed for MEDLINE and EMBASE databases up to and including June 2013 . Systematic reviews -LRB- SRs -RRB- , randomized clinical trials , controlled clinical trials , case series , and case reports evaluating recession areas that were treated by means of RC procedures were considered eligible for inclusion through the three parts of the study -LRB- part I , an overview of the base of SRs ; part II , an alternative random-effects meta-analyses on mean percentage of RC and sites exhibiting complete RC ; and part III , an SR of non-randomized trials exploring other conditions not extensively evaluated by previous SRs -RRB- . Data on Class I , II , III , and IV recessions , type of histologic attachment achieved with treatment , recipient - and donor-site anatomic characteristics , smoking-related outcomes , root surface conditions , tooth type and location , long-term effectiveness outcomes , unusual conditions that may be reported during conventional daily practice , and patient-centered outcomes were assessed as well . Of the 2,456 potentially eligible trials , 234 were included . Data on Class I , II , III , and IV gingival recessions , histologic attachment achieved after treatment , recipient - and donor-site anatomic characteristics , smoking-related outcomes , root surface conditions/biomodification , tooth type and location , long-term effectiveness outcomes and unusual conditions that may be reported during conventional daily practice , and patient-centered outcomes -LRB- i.e. , esthetic , visual analog scale , complications , hypersensitivity , patients perceptions -RRB- were assessed . Subepithelial connective tissue -LRB- CT -RRB- - based procedures and coronally advanced flap plus acellular dermal matrix grafts , enamel matrix derivative , or collagen matrix led to the best improvements of recession depth , clinical attachment level -LRB- CAL -RRB- gain , and keratinized tissue -LRB- KT -RRB- . Some conditions , such as smoking and use of magnification , may affect RC outcomes . All RC procedures can provide significant reduction in recession depth and CAL gain for Miller Class I and II recession-type defects . Subepithelial CT graft-based procedures provided the best outcomes for clinical practice because of their superior percentages of mean and complete RC , as well as significant increase of KT . Connective tissue graft -LRB- CTG -RRB- is considered as the gold standard for the treatment of gingival recessions -LRB- GR -RRB- . There are few studies assessing the complications that can arise in the donor site when harvesting a connective tissue graft -LRB- CTG -RRB- and how the harvesting technique can influence those complications . A retrospective clinical study was carried out in order to compare the complications observed in 40 patients with Miller class I , II and III GR ≥ 3 mm , after using the trap-door technique -LRB- TD -RRB- in the control group and a newly described technique , the `` UPV/EHU technique '' , in the test group . Patients were consecutively allocated to each treatment group . Patients were monitored 14 days after surgery in order to evaluate post-operative complications in the donor site : presence of pain -LRB- P -RRB- , bleeding -LRB- B -RRB- , infection -LRB- I -RRB- and necrosis > 30 % . Although morbidity was observed in both groups , it was less important in the test group -LRB- no pain and minimal pain in 30 % and 35 % of the cases , respectively , and absence of bleeding or infection and necrosis > 30 % in only 5 % of the cases -RRB- . Within the limits of this study , this newly described `` UPV/EHU technique '' should be considered as a treatment option when harvesting a CTG , with minimal morbidity for patients . <b> Key words : </b> Connective tissue graft , pain , gingival recessions , wound healing , cosmetic periodontal plastic surgery , trap-door technique , `` UPV/EHU technique '' . To evaluate patients '
Uveal melanoma is the most common primary intraocular cancer in adults . Nearly half of primary uveal melanoma tumors metastasize , but there are currently no effective therapies for metastatic uveal melanoma . Most treatments for patients with metastatic melanoma have a low rate of complete regression and thus overall survival in these patients is poor . We investigated the ability of adoptive cell transfer utilizing autologous tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes -LRB- TIL -RRB- to mediate durable complete regressions in heavily pretreated patients with metastatic melanoma . Ninety-three patients with measurable metastatic melanoma were treated with the adoptive transfer of autologous TILs administered in conjunction with interleukin-2 following a lymphodepleting preparative regimen on three sequential clinical trials . Ninety-five percent of these patients had progressive disease following a prior systemic treatment . Median potential follow-up was 62 months . Objective response rates by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors -LRB- RECIST -RRB- in the 3 trials using lymphodepleting preparative regimens -LRB- chemotherapy alone or with 2 or 12 Gy irradiation -RRB- were 49 % , 52 % , and 72 % , respectively . Twenty of the 93 patients -LRB- 22 % -RRB- achieved a complete tumor regression , and 19 have ongoing complete regressions beyond 3 years . The actuarial 3 - and 5-year survival rates for the entire group were 36 % and 29 % , respectively , but for the 20 complete responders were 100 % and 93 % . The likelihood of achieving a complete response was similar regardless of prior therapy . Factors associated with objective response included longer telomeres of the infused cells , the number of CD8 -LRB- + -RRB- CD27 -LRB- + -RRB- cells infused , and the persistence of the infused cells in the circulation at 1 month -LRB- all P -LRB- 2 -RRB- < 0.001 -RRB- . Cell transfer therapy with autologous TILs can mediate durable complete responses in patients with metastatic melanoma and has similar efficacy irrespective of prior treatment . Clin Cancer Res ; 17 -LRB- 13 -RRB- ; 4550-7 . © 2011 AACR .
We investigated whether low blood pressure increases the risk of stroke recurrence . A cohort of 662 patients , obtaining care at the 8 acute care hospitals serving the Lehigh Valley in Pennsylvania , was enrolled within 1 month of an initial stroke and was followed twice annually for up to 4 years . Cox proportional hazard models were developed to examine the relationship between risk of recurrent stroke and blood pressure , controlling for other significant risk factors . Our analyses investigated both lowest follow-up and average follow-up blood pressures as predictors of stroke recurrence . There were 52 recurrent strokes among the 535 patients -LRB- mean age , 71 years ; 51 % men -RRB- with follow-up blood pressure . The risk ratio for stroke recurrence for diastolic blood pressure > or = 80 mm Hg compared with < 80 mm Hg was 2.4 -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.38 to 4.27 -RRB- and for systolic blood pressure > or = 140 mm Hg compared with < 140 mm Hg was also 2.4 -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.39 to 4.15 -RRB- . For isolated systolic blood pressure -LRB- > 140 / < 90 mm Hg -RRB- , the risk ratio was 2.2 -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.23 to 3.79 -RRB- relative to < 140 / < 90 mm Hg . Using the Cox model , we also showed that patients who had at least 1 measured diastolic blood pressure < 80 mm Hg during follow-up had a reduced risk of stroke recurrence compared with those with diastolic blood pressures 80 to 90 mm Hg -LRB- 0.4 versus 1.0 ; 95 % CI , 0.21 to 0.88 -RRB- even after controlling for the possible confounding factors of hypertension and atrial fibrillation on ECG . Myocardial infarction on ECG , history of transient ischemic attack , and diabetes mellitus were not significant predictors of increased risk of recurrent stroke . Our results imply that `` lower is better '' for blood pressure control as a goal in reducing stroke recurrence risk . Hypertension that remains above 140/90 mmHg despite the use of three antihypertensive drugs in a rational combination at full doses and including a diuretic is known as ` resistant ' . The percentage of hypertensives whose condition is resistant varies in large part upon the setting : those seen in general practice show a prevalence of perhaps 5 % ; those seen by nephrologists , probably 50 % . This paper reviews the major causes of resistant hypertension and provides specific recommendations for the evaluation and management of patients with this threatening condition . Lowering blood pressure -LRB- BP -RRB- in stroke survivors reduces the risk of recurrent stroke . We tested the hypothesis that a nurse-led nonpharmacologic intervention would lower the BP of participants in an intervention group compared with a control group . A total of 349 patients who had sustained acute stroke or transient ischemic attack were randomly assigned to either usual care or to 4 home visits by a nurse . During the visits , the nurse measured and recorded BP and provided individually tailored counseling on a healthy lifestyle . A total of 303 patients completed the 1-year follow up . No change in systolic BP was noted in either the intervention group or the control group . Because of an increase in diastolic BP in the control group -LRB- P = .03 -RRB- , a difference in mean diastolic BP between the 2 groups was found at follow-up -LRB- P = .007 -RRB- . Mean BP at follow-up was 139/82 mm Hg in the intervention group and 142/86 mm Hg in the control group . Linear regression analysis demonstrated that BP at the point of discharge was the strongest predictor of BP 1 year later -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- . The proportion of patients on antihypertensive medication increased in the intervention group -LRB- P = .002 -RRB- . Patients were compliant with antihypertensive therapy , and 92 % of the hypertensive patients in the intervention group followed the advice to see a general practitioner -LRB- GP -RRB- for BP checkups . At follow-up , 187 patients -LRB- 62 % -RRB- were hypertensive , with no difference in the rate of hypertension seen between the groups . Our data indicate that home visits by nurses did not result in a lowering of BP . Patients complied with antihypertensive therapy and GP visits in the case of hypertension . Nonetheless , the majority of patients were hypertensive at the 1-year follow up . Renal sympathetic hyperactivity is associated with hypertension and its progression , chronic kidney disease , and heart failure . We did a proof-of-principle trial of therapeutic renal sympathetic denervation in patients with resistant hypertension -LRB- ie , systolic blood pressure > / = 160 mm Hg on three or more antihypertensive medications , including a diuretic -RRB- to assess safety and blood-pressure reduction effectiveness . We enrolled 50 patients at five Australian and European centres ; 5 patients were excluded for anatomical reasons -LRB- mainly on the basis of dual renal artery systems -RRB- . Patients received percutaneous radiofrequency catheter-based treatment between June , 2007 , and November , 2008 , with subsequent follow-up to 1 year . Primary endpoints were office blood pressure and safety data before and at 1 , 3 , 6 , 9 , and 12 months after procedure . We assessed blood-pressure lowering effectiveness by repeated measures ANOVA . This study is registered in Australia and Europe with ClinicalTrials.gov , numbers NCT 00483808 and NCT 00664638 . In treated patients , baseline mean office blood pressure was 177/101 mm Hg -LRB- SD 20/15 -RRB- , -LRB- mean 4.7 antihypertensive medications -RRB- ; estimated glomerular filtration rate was 81 mL/min/1 .73 m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- SD 23 -RRB- ; and mean reduction in renal noradrenaline spillover was 47 % -LRB- 95 % CI 28-65 % -RRB- . Office blood pressures after procedure were
To improve end-of-life decision making and reduce the frequency of a mechanically supported , painful , and prolonged process of dying . A 2-year prospective observational study -LRB- phase I -RRB- with 4301 patients followed by a 2-year controlled clinical trial -LRB- phase II -RRB- with 4804 patients and their physicians randomized by specialty group to the intervention group -LRB- n = 2652 -RRB- or control group -LRB- n = 2152 -RRB- . Five teaching hospitals in the United States . A total of 9105 adults hospitalized with one or more of nine life-threatening diagnoses ; an overall 6-month mortality rate of 47 % . Physicians in the intervention group received estimates of the likelihood of 6-month survival for every day up to 6 months , outcomes of cardiopulmonary resuscitation -LRB- CPR -RRB- , and functional disability at 2 months . A specifically trained nurse had multiple contacts with the patient , family , physician , and hospital staff to elicit preferences , improve understanding of outcomes , encourage attention to pain control , and facilitate advance care planning and patient-physician communication . The phase I observation documented shortcomings in communication , frequency of aggressive treatment , and the characteristics of hospital death : only 47 % of physicians knew when their patients preferred to avoid CPR : 46 % of do-not-resuscitate -LRB- DNR -RRB- orders were written within 2 days of death ; 38 % of patients who died spent at least 10 days in an intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- ; and for 50 % of conscious patients who died in the hospital , family members reported moderate to severe pain at least half the time . During the phase II intervention , patients experienced no improvement in patient-physician communication -LRB- eg , 37 % of control patients and 40 % of intervention patients discussed CPR preferences -RRB- or in the five targeted outcomes , ie , incidence or timing of written DNR orders -LRB- adjusted ratio , 1.02 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 0.90 to 1.15 -RRB- , physicians ' knowledge of their patients ' preferences not to be resuscitated -LRB- adjusted ratio , 1.22 ; 95 % CI , 0.99 to 1.49 -RRB- , number of days spent in an ICU , receiving mechanical ventilation , or comatose before death -LRB- adjusted ratio , 0.97 ; 95 % CI , 0.87 to 1.07 -RRB- , or level of reported pain -LRB- adjusted ratio , 1.15 ; 95 % CI , 1.00 to 1.33 -RRB- . The phase I observation of SUPPORT confirmed substantial shortcomings in care for seriously ill hospitalized adults . The phase II intervention failed to improve care or patient outcomes . Enhancing opportunities for more patient-physician communication , although advocated as the major method for improving patient outcomes , may be inadequate to change established practices . To improve the experience of seriously ill and dying patients , greater individual and societal commitment and more proactive and forceful measured may be needed . The use of advance directives is recommended so that people can determine the medical care they will receive when they are no longer competent , but the effectiveness of such directives is not clear . In a prospective study conducted over a two-year period , 126 competent residents of a nursing home and 49 family members of incompetent patients were interviewed to determine their preferences with respect to hospitalization , intensive care , cardiopulmonary resuscitation , artificial ventilation , surgery , and tube feeding in the event of critical illness , terminal illness , or permanent unconsciousness . Advance directives , consisting of signed statements of treatment preferences , were placed in the medical record to assist in care in the nursing home and to be forwarded to the hospital if necessary . In an analysis of 96 outcome events -LRB- hospitalization or death in the nursing home -RRB- , care was consistent with previously expressed wishes 75 percent of the time ; however , the presence of the written advance directive in the medical record did not facilitate consistency . Among the 24 events in which inconsistencies occurred , care was provided more aggressively than had been requested in 6 cases , largely because of unanticipated surgery or artificial ventilation , and less aggressively than requested in 18 , largely because hospitalization or cardiopulmonary resuscitation was withheld . Inconsistencies were more likely in the nursing home than in the hospital . CONCLUSIONS . The effectiveness of written advance directives is limited by inattention to them and by decisions to place priority on considerations other than the patient 's autonomy . Since our study was performed in only one nursing home and one hospital , other studies are necessary to determine the generalizability of our findings . To examine the effects of advance directives on medical treatments and on patient satisfaction and well-being and to determine whether the enhancement of patient autonomy through advance directives provides a more ethically feasible approach to cost control than does the imposition of limits through rationing . Randomized , controlled trial . University and Veterans Affairs medical center . Two hundred and four patients with life-threatening illnesses , 100 of whom died after enrollment in the study . Patients randomly assigned to the experimental group were offered the California Durable Power of Attorney -LRB- a typical proxy-instruction directive -RRB- , and patients assigned to the control group were not offered the advance directive . Hospital admissions were monitored to assure that a summary of the document was present in the active medical record at each hospitalization . Cognitive function , patient satisfaction , psychological well-being , health locus of control , sense of coherence , health-related quality of life , receipt of medical treatments , and medical treatment charges . Patients offered an advance directive had an average hospital stay of 40.8 days -LRB- 95 % CI , 32.2 to 49.4 days -RRB- , compared with an average of
Extensively burned patients receive iterative blood transfusions and skin allografts that often lead to HLA sensitization , and potentially impede access to vascularized composite allotransplantation -LRB- VCA -RRB- . In this retrospective , single-center study , anti-HLA sensitization was measured by single-antigen-flow bead analysis in patients with deep , second - and third-degree burns over ≥ 40 % total body surface area -LRB- TBSA -RRB- . Association of HLA sensitization with blood transfusions , skin allografts , and pregnancies was analyzed by bivariate analysis . The eligibility for transplantation was assessed using calculated panel reactive antibodies -LRB- cPRA -RRB- . Twenty-nine patients aged 32 ± 14 years , including 11 women , presented with a mean burned TBSA of 54 ± 11 % . Fifteen patients received skin allografts , comprising those who received cryopreserved -LRB- n = 3 -RRB- or glycerol-preserved -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- allografts , or both -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- . An average 36 ± 13 packed red blood cell -LRB- PRBC -RRB- units were transfused per patient . In sera samples collected 38 ± 13 months after the burns , all patients except one presented with anti-HLA antibodies , of which 13 patients -LRB- 45 % -RRB- had complement-fixing antibodies . Eighteen patients -LRB- 62 % -RRB- were considered highly sensitized -LRB- cPRA ≥ 85 % -RRB- . Cryopreserved , but not glycerol-preserved skin allografts , history of pregnancy , and number of PRBC units were associated with HLA sensitization . Extensively burned patients may become highly HLA sensitized during acute care and hence not qualify for VCA . Alternatives to skin allografts might help preserve their later access to VCA . Since the inception of clinical VCA almost two decades ago , burn victims have been identified as immunologically complex patients owing to preformed HLA antibodies . However , it remains unclear whether the detected HLA antibodies are the result of former alloantigenic events or if their de novo formation occurs during primary burn care . Patients with burns > 20 % of total body surface area -LRB- TBSA -RRB- admitted to Zurich Burn Centre between May 2015 and September 2016 were screened for HLA antibodies at admission and 6 months post trauma . The influence of glycerol-preserved donor skin and red blood cell transfusion on HLA antibody formation was investigated . Thirty-seven patients -LRB- 7 females and 30 males -RRB- with an average age of 45.2 ± 19.1 years and average affected TBSA of 38.5 % ± 18.9 % were screened for HLA antibodies . Five patients -LRB- 13.5 % -RRB- showed preformed HLA antibodies at admission . Only 3 patients demonstrated verified de novo sensitization during acute burn care . One patient died after 2 weeks due to infectious and thromboembolic complications - however , HLA antibodies were already detected . Formation of HLA antibodies during acute burn care might be lower than that previously expected by using glycerol-preserved donor skin and restrictive administration of blood products . Modern concepts of burn care may contribute to a revised outlook on burn patients as potential candidates for VCA . In the field of transplantation , recipient preformed HLA antibodies due to previous sensitization have been identified - beneath ABO incompatibility - as a major factor for acute graft rejection . Several reasons for sensitization have largely been studied , such as previous blood transfusions , pregnancies or former transplants . Recent studies indicate that the use of assist devices -LRB- e.g. ECMO -RRB- or cadaveric skin allotransplantation providing temporary coverage in burn patients may lead to additional sensitization . As vascularized composite allotransplantation -LRB- VCA -RRB- has become a rapidly advancing therapeutic option for reconstruction of complex tissue defects in burns , it seems even more important to become familiar with immunological principles and to be cautiously aware of both sources of sensitization and therapeutic concepts in burns avoiding sensitization . This may also include emergency VCAs in burn patients as potential strategy for early definitive reconstruction avoiding procedures triggering HLA antibody formation . We hereby provide an overview on current evidence in the field of pre - and peritransplant sensitization , followed by posttransplant strategies of desensitization and their potential impact on future treatments of burn patients .
The impact of antithrombin III activity -LRB- AT-III -RRB- on prophylactic enoxaparin anti-factor Xa concentration -LRB- anti-Xa -RRB- is unknown in high-risk trauma patients . So too is the optimal anti-Xa-adjusted enoxaparin dosage . This prospective , randomized , pilot study sought to explore the association between AT-III and anti-Xa goal attainment and to preliminarily evaluate two enoxaparin dosage adjustment strategies in patients with subprophylactic anti-Xa . Adult trauma patients with Risk Assessment Profile -LRB- RAP -RRB- ≥ 5 prescribed enoxaparin 30 mg subcutaneously every 12 h were eligible . AT-III and anti-Xa were drawn 8 h after the third enoxaparin dose and compared between patients with anti-Xa ≥ 0.1 IU/mL -LRB- goal ; control group -RRB- or anti-Xa < 0.1 IU/mL -LRB- subprophylactic ; intervention group -RRB- . The primary outcome was difference in baseline AT-III . Subsequently , intervention group patients underwent 1:1 randomization to either enoxaparin 40 mg every 12 h -LRB- up to 50 mg every 12 h if repeat anti-Xa < 0.1 IU/mL -RRB- -LRB- enox12 -RRB- or enoxaparin 30 mg every 8 h -LRB- enox8 -RRB- with repeat anti-Xa assessments . The proportion of patients achieving goal anti-Xa after dosage adjustment were compared . Anti-Xa was subprophylactic in 50.5 % . Baseline AT-III -LRB- median -LSB- IQR -RSB- -RRB- was 87 % -LSB- 80-98 % -RSB- in control patients versus 82 % -LSB- 71-96 % -RSB- in intervention patients -LRB- p = 0.092 -RRB- . AT-III activity did not differ between high-risk trauma patients with goal and subprophylactic enoxaparin anti-Xa concentrations , although future investigation is warranted .
When undergo ambulatory surgical operations , the majority of patients experience high level of anxiety . Different experimental studies have shown that distraction techniques are effective in reducing pain and related anxiety . Since Virtual reality -LRB- VR -RRB- has been demonstrated a good distraction technique , it has been repeatedly used in hospital contexts for reducing pain in burned patients , but it has never been used during surgical operations . With the present randomized controlled study we intended to verify the effectiveness of VR in reducing anxiety in patients undergoing ambulatory operations under local or regional anaesthesia . In particular , we measured the degree to which anxiety associated with surgical intervention was reduced by distracting patients with immersive VR provided through a cell phone connected to an HMD compared to a no-distraction control condition . A significant reduction of anxiety was obtained after 45 minutes of operation in the VR group , but not in the control group and , after 90 minutes , the reduction was larger in the experimental group than in other one . In conclusion , this study presents an innovative promising technique to reduce anxiety during surgical interventions , even if more studies are necessary to investigate its effectiveness in other kinds of operations and in larger numbers of patients . Although pain management during periodontal treatment usually is achieved with anesthesia , alternative methods are available . The authors conducted a study to evaluate the analgesic effect of immersive virtual reality -LRB- VR -RRB- during periodontal scaling and root planing -LRB- SRP -RRB- procedures . The authors recruited 38 patients . They used a within-patient/split-mouth design . Patients received SRP under three treatment conditions in three quadrants . The three conditions were control , watching a movie and VR . After each SRP procedure , patients responded to questions about their discomfort and/or pain by using a visual analog scale -LRB- VAS -RRB- -LRB- range , 0 to 10 in which lower numbers indicate less pain or discomfort -RRB- . The authors also recorded patients ' blood pressure -LRB- BP -RRB- and pulse rate -LRB- PR -RRB- . Patients were asked which of the three treatment modalities they preferred . The mean -LRB- + / - standard deviation -RRB- VAS scores for five questions pertaining to control , movie and VR were 3.95 + / - 2.1 , 2.57 + / - 1.8 and 1.76 + / - 1.4 , respectively . Similarly , BP and PR were lowest during VR , followed by the movie and control conditions . Patients reported that they preferred the VR condition . The results of this study suggest that use of immersive VR distraction may be an effective method of pain control during SRP procedures . Practitioners can use immersive VR distraction for pain control during SRP procedures . Pain following traumatic injuries is common , can impair injury recovery and is often inadequately treated . In particular , the role of adjunctive nonpharmacologic analgesic techniques is unclear . The authors report a randomized , controlled study of 21 hospitalized trauma patients to assess the analgesic efficacy of virtual reality hypnosis -LRB- VRH -RRB- - hypnotic induction and analgesic suggestion delivered by customized virtual reality -LRB- VR -RRB- hardware/software . Subjective pain ratings were obtained immediately and 8 hours after VRH -LRB- used as an adjunct to standard analgesic care -RRB- and compared to both adjunctive VR without hypnosis and standard care alone . These preliminary findings suggest that VRH analgesia is a novel technology worthy of further study , both to improve pain management and to increase availability of hypnotic analgesia to populations without access to therapist-provided hypnosis and suggestion . It is essential to minimize pain and distress during painful procedures in children . This study examined the effect of using non-immersive Virtual Reality -LRB- VR -RRB- during a needle-related procedure on reported pain or distress of children and adolescents in a paediatric oncology unit and surveyed their response to the use of VR-equipment during the procedure . Twenty-one children and adolescents were included in an intervention group with non-immersive VR and another 21 children and adolescents in a control group where they underwent either venous punctures or subcutaneous venous port devices . Self-reported pain and distress , heart rate and observational pain scores were collected before , during and after the procedures . Semi-structured qualitative interviews were conducted in conjunction with the completed intervention . Self-reported and observed pain and distress scores were low and few significant differences of quantitative data between the groups were found . Two themes emerged in the analysis of the interviews ; the VR game should correspond to the child and the medical procedure and children enjoyed the VR game and found that it did distract them during the procedure . The interviews showed that non-immersive VR is a positive experience for children undergoing a minor procedure such as venous puncture or a subcutaneous venous port access . Pain arising in burns sufferers is often severe and protracted . The prospect of a dressing change can heighten existing pain by impacting both physically and psychologically . In this trial we examined whether pre-procedural virtual reality guided relaxation added to patient controlled analgesia with morphine reduced pain severity during awake dressings changes in burns patients . We conducted a prospective randomized clinical trial in all patients with burns necessitating admission to a tertiary burns referral centre . Eligible patients requiring awake dressings changes were randomly allocated to single use virtual reality relaxation plus intravenous morphine patient controlled analgesia -LRB- PCA -RRB- infusion or to intravenous morphine patient controlled analgesia infusion alone . Patients rated their worst pain intensity during the dressing change using a visual analogue scale . The primary outcome measure was presence of 30 % or greater difference in pain intensity ratings between the groups in estimation of worst pain during the dressing change . Of 88 eligible and consenting patients having awake dressings changes
To report the experience with fetal cystoscopy and laser fulguration of posterior urethral values -LRB- PUV -RRB- for severe lower urinary tract obstruction -LRB- LUTO -RRB- . Between July 2006 and December 2008 , fetal cystoscopy was offered to 23 patients whose fetuses presented with severe LUTO , favorable urinary analysis and gestational age < 26 weeks . Fetal urinary biochemistry was evaluated before and after cystoscopy . All infants were followed 6-12 months after birth . Abnormal renal function was defined when serum creatinine higher than 50 micromol/L -LRB- 2 Standard Deviation -RRB- or the necessity of dialysis or renal transplantation . Autopsy was always performed whenever fetal or neonatal deaths occurred . Eleven patients decided to undergo fetal therapy and 12 elected to continue with expectant observation . There was no difference between both groups in gestation age at diagnosis and referral examinations . Urethral atresia was diagnosed in 4/11 -LRB- 36.4 % -RRB- fetuses by fetal cystoscopy . At 26 weeks , fetuses that were managed expectantly presented with worse urinary biochemistry results -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . Survival rates and percentage of infants with normal renal function were significantly higher in the cystoscopic group than in the expectant group -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . Percutaneous fetal cystoscopy is feasible using a thinner special cannula for prenatal diagnosis and therapy of LUTO . Prenatal laser ablation of the PUV under cystoscopy may prevent renal function deterioration improving postnatal outcome . To report the feasibility of early fetal cystoscopy for the prenatal diagnosis and therapy of severe first-trimester megacystis . Between January 2008 and February 2010 , early fetal cystoscopy at 16 weeks of gestation was offered to 15 patients whose fetuses presented with severe first-trimester megacystis . All infants were followed up for 6-12 months after birth . Autopsy was always performed whenever fetal or neonatal deaths occurred . Seven patients decided to undergo fetal therapy , and eight elected to continue with expectant observation . One fetus died before early fetal cystoscopy was performed . Therefore , six fetuses underwent early fetal cystoscopy . Urethral atresia was diagnosed in three fetuses during fetal cystoscopy and confirmed at autopsy following termination of pregnancy at 19-20 weeks in all cases . Posterior urethral valves were diagnosed and successfully fulgurated by laser during early cystoscopy in three fetuses , two of which survived with normal renal and bladder function after birth ; the remaining fetus had a postnatal diagnosis of megacystis-microcolon intestinal hypoperistalsis syndrome and died neonatally . In the expectantly managed group , no survivals were observed , even among cases with ` isolated ' posterior urethral valves . Percutaneous early fetal cystoscopy is feasible for prenatal diagnosis and therapy of severe megacystis . To determine the effectiveness of fetal cystoscopy in the prenatal diagnosis of and intervention for congenital lower urinary tract obstruction . This study was a literature search using MEDLINE , Embase , Cochrane Library , MEDION , Web of Science reference lists and contact with experts . All studies reporting on fetal cystoscopy in lower urinary tract obstruction with data for a 2 × 2 table were selected for review . No language restrictions were applied . There was independent selection of studies , data extraction and quality assessment by two reviewers . Peto odds ratios were calculated as a summary measure of effect . A total of 2071 citations were identified and 66 papers selected for detailed evaluation , from which four papers with a total of 63 patients were selected for inclusion . Two papers had results for the use of cystoscopy in diagnosis , showing that fetal cystoscopy altered the ultrasound diagnosis of the underlying pathology in 36.4 and 25.0 % of fetuses , respectively . Compared to no treatment , fetal cystoscopic intervention demonstrated an odds ratio for improved perinatal survival of 20.51 -LRB- 95 % CI , 3.87-108.69 -RRB- . However , comparing vesicoamniotic shunt -LRB- VAS -RRB- with fetal cystoscopy there appeared to be no significant improvement in the perinatal survival odds ratio of 1.49 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.13-16.97 -RRB- . These results had wide CIs and for cystoscopy vs. VAS , all results crossed the line of no effect . There is little published evidence for the effectiveness of therapeutic fetal cystoscopy as an intervention for congenital lower urinary tract obstruction and the quality of this evidence is poor . It should thus be considered to be an ` experimental intervention ' and subjected to further investigation . Fetal interventions have been proposed for treatment of severe lower urinary tract obstruction -LRB- LUTO -RRB- , as this condition is associated with high rates of perinatal mortality and postnatal renal impairment . The rationale for in utero treatment for those cases is based on the possibility of relieving the obstruction , improving the amniotic fluid volume , and preventing renal and bladder damage . Candidates for fetal intervention should be rigorously selected based on the confirmation of severe LUTO -LRB- dilated bladder and bilateral hydronephrosis -RRB- , oligohydramnios or anyhydramnios and ` favorable ' fetal urinalysis -LRB- dependent on gestational age -RRB- . Nowadays there are two different therapeutic options with specific technical approaches . Vesico-amniotic shunting is an easier procedure , but with a higher frequency of related complications . Fetal cystoscopy can be used for diagnostic purpose and for treatment of posterior urethral valves , with suggestive advantage of allowing a more physiological release of the obstruction . According to the literature , estimated survival rates and postnatal normal renal function frequencies are approximately 40 and 50 % after vesico-amniotic shunting and 75 and 65 % after fetal cystoscopy , respectively . The purpose of this manuscript was to examine the outcomes of patients with lower urinary tract obstruction -LRB- LUTO -RRB- treated with vesicoamniotic shunt -LRB- VAS -RRB- to improve the quality of prenatal consultation and therapy . The medical records of all patients diagnosed with LUTO at our center between
Continuous positive airway pressure -LRB- CPAP -RRB- and mandibular advancement device -LRB- MAD -RRB- therapy are commonly used to treat obstructive sleep apnea -LRB- OSA -RRB- . Differences in efficacy and compliance of these treatments are likely to influence improvements in health outcomes . To compare health effects after 1 month of optimal CPAP and MAD therapy in OSA . In this randomized crossover trial , we compared the effects of 1 month each of CPAP and MAD treatment on cardiovascular and neurobehavioral outcomes . Cardiovascular -LRB- 24-h blood pressure , arterial stiffness -RRB- , neurobehavioral -LRB- subjective sleepiness , driving simulator performance -RRB- , and quality of life -LRB- Functional Outcomes of Sleep Questionnaire , Short Form-36 -RRB- were compared between treatments . Our primary outcome was 24-hour mean arterial pressure . A total of 126 patients with moderate-severe OSA -LRB- apnea hypopnea index -LSB- AHI -RSB- , 25.6 -LSB- SD 12.3 -RSB- -RRB- were randomly assigned to a treatment order and 108 completed the trial with both devices . CPAP was more efficacious than MAD in reducing AHI -LRB- CPAP AHI , 4.5 ± 6.6 / h ; MAD AHI , 11.1 ± 12.1 / h ; P < 0.01 -RRB- but reported compliance was higher on MAD -LRB- MAD , 6.50 ± 1.3 h per night vs. CPAP , 5.20 ± 2 h per night ; P < 0.00001 -RRB- . In contrast , sleepiness , driving simulator performance , and disease-specific quality of life improved on both treatments by similar amounts , although MAD was superior to CPAP for improving four general quality-of-life domains . Important health outcomes were similar after 1 month of optimal MAD and CPAP treatment in patients with moderate-severe OSA . The results may be explained by greater efficacy of CPAP being offset by inferior compliance relative to MAD , resulting in similar effectiveness . Clinical trial registered with https://www.anzctr.org.au -LRB- ACTRN 12607000289415 -RRB- . These practice parameters are an update of the previously published recommendations regarding use of oral appliances in the treatment of snoring and Obstructive Sleep Apnea -LRB- OSA -RRB- . Oral appliances -LRB- OAs -RRB- are indicated for use in patients with mild to moderate OSA who prefer them to continuous positive airway pressure -LRB- CPAP -RRB- therapy , or who do not respond to , are not appropriate candidates for , or who fail treatment attempts with CPAP . Oral appliances should be fitted by qualified dental personnel who are trained and experienced in the overall care of oral health , the temporomandibular joint , dental occlusion and associated oral structures . Follow-up polysomnography or an attended cardiorespiratory -LRB- Type 3 -RRB- sleep study is needed to verify efficacy , and may be needed when symptoms of OSA worsen or recur . Patients with OSA who are treated with oral appliances should return for follow-up office visits with the dental specialist at regular intervals to monitor patient adherence , evaluate device deterioration or maladjustment , and to evaluate the health of the oral structures and integrity of the occlusion . Regular follow up is also needed to assess the patient for signs and symptoms of worsening OSA . Research to define patient characteristics more clearly for OA acceptance , success , and adherence is needed . Oral appliance -LRB- OA -RRB- therapy is increasingly prescribed as a non-continuous positive airway pressure treatment modality for sleep-disordered breathing -LRB- SDB -RRB- . Although OA therapy is reported to be efficacious for the treatment of SDB , data on compliance remain limited to self-report . In this 3-month prospective clinical trial , the main outcome was to assess the safety and feasibility of an objective measurement of compliance during OA therapy using an embedded microsensor thermometer with on-chip integrated readout electronics in 51 consecutive patients with an established diagnosis of SDB -LRB- AHI 18.0 ± 11.9 / h ; age 47 ± 10 y ; BMI 26.6 ± 4.0 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- ; men/women : 31/20 -RRB- . Patients were unaware of the purpose of the study . No microsensor-related adverse events were recorded . In addition , no problems were encountered during the readout of the compliance data . Out of 51 microsensors , one had a technical defect and was lost to follow-up . In this study , the overall objective mean rate of OA use was 6.6 ± 1.3 h per day with a regular OA users ' rate of 82 % at the 3-month follow-up . Statistical analysis revealed no significant differences between objective and self-reported OA compliance data in this study . Measurement of the objective OA compliance allowed us to calculate the mean disease alleviation -LRB- MDA -RRB- as the product of objective compliance and therapeutic efficacy . MDA serves as a measure of the overall therapeutic effectiveness , and turned out to be 51.1 % . The results illustrate the safety and feasibility of objective measurement of OA compliance . The objective measurement of OA compliance allows for calculation of the MDA .
By increasing the hepatic blood circulation , food intake has been suggested to increase liver stiffness measurement -LRB- LSM -RRB- values in HCV-infected patients . To investigate prospectively the effects of food intake on LSM in hepatitis B virus -LRB- HBV -RRB- - infected patients and healthy controls . In The Gambia , patients included in the PROLIFICA project are screened for HBV at the community level and then invited for fasting assessment including LSM . Between April 2012 and October 2012 , each day , the first five participants were invited to participate in this study . After the initial examination , a standardised 850 Kcal breakfast was provided . Effect of food intake was assessed by examining mean difference of LSM , IQR and IQR/LSM at T0 -LRB- fasting LSM1 -RRB- , T30min -LRB- LSM2 -RRB- and T120min -LRB- LSM3 -RRB- respectively . A total of 209 subjects were enrolled in this study -LRB- 133 were HBV positive , 76 healthy controls -RRB- . Unreliable measurements occurred more frequently after food intake -LRB- 5 % , 24 % and 18 % at T0 , T30min and T120min respectively -RRB- . In both groups , median LSM2 was significantly higher than LSM1 -LSB- 6.2 -LRB- IQR : 5.4 , 7.9 -RRB- -RSB- vs. 4.9 -LRB- 4.2 , 6.2 -RRB- , P < 0.0001 . LSM3 was still higher than the baseline , but lower than LSM2 . In multivariable analysis , no factor modified the effect of breakfast on LSM . In a subgroup of patients having liver biopsies , we confirmed that food intake can overestimate liver fibrosis . Food intake significantly increases liver stiffness measurement and its IQR values in patients with chronic hepatitis B as well as healthy individuals ; and also the number of unreliable liver stiffness measurement values . Despite the introduction of immunisation for hepatitis B virus -LRB- HBV -RRB- in the 1990s , HBV-related morbidity and mortality remain high in sub-Saharan Africa . Identification and treatment of asymptomatic people with chronic HBV infection should reduce the disease burden . We therefore assessed the feasibility of a screen-and-treat programme for HBV infection in The Gambia , west Africa , and estimated the proportion of HBV-infected people who had significant liver disease in need of treatment . Between Dec 7 , 2011 , and Jan 24 , 2014 , individuals living in randomly selected communities in western Gambia were offered hepatitis B surface antigen -LRB- HBsAg -RRB- screening via a point-of-care test . The test was also offered to potential blood donors attending the central hospital in the capital , Banjul . HBsAg-positive individuals were invited for a comprehensive liver assessment and were offered treatment according to international guidelines . We defined linkage to care as visiting the liver clinic at least once . Eligibility for treatment was judged in accordance with the 2012 European Association for the Study of the Liver guidelines . HBsAg was detected in 495 -LRB- 8 · 8 % , 7 · 9-9 · 7 -RRB- individuals in communities and 721 -LRB- 13 · 0 % , 12 · 1-13 · 9 -RRB- blood donors . Prevalence was higher in men -LRB- 239 -LSB- 10 · 5 % , 8 · 9-12 · 1 -RSB- of 2328 men vs 256 -LSB- 7 · 6 % , 6 · 5-8 · 7 -RSB- of 3652 women ; p = 0 · 004 -RRB- and middle-aged participants . Linkage to care was high in the communities , with 402 -LRB- 81 · 3 % -RRB- of 495 HBsAg-positive individuals attending the clinic . However , only 300 -LRB- 41 · 6 % -RRB- of 721 HBsAg-positive people screened at the blood bank linked into care . Of those who attended the clinic , 18 -LRB- 4 · 4 % , 2 · 5-7 · 7 -RRB- patients from the communities and 29 -LRB- 9 · 7 % , 6 · 8-13 · 6 -RRB- from the blood bank were eligible for treatment . Male sex was strongly associated with treatment eligibility -LRB- odds ratio 4 · 35 , 1 · 50-12 · 58 ; p = 0 · 007 -RRB- . HBV infection remains highly prevalent in The Gambia . The high coverage of community-based screening , good linkage into care , and the small proportion of HBsAg carriers who need treatment suggest that large-scale screening and treatment programmes are feasible in sub-Saharan Africa . European Commission -LRB- FP7 -RRB- . To eliminate hepatitis B virus -LRB- HBV -RRB- infection , it is essential to scale up testing and treatment . However , conventional tools to assess treatment eligibility , particularly nucleic acid testing -LRB- NAT -RRB- to quantify HBV DNA , are hardly available and affordable in resource-limited countries . We therefore assessed the performance of a novel immunoassay , hepatitis B core-related antigen -LRB- HBcrAg -RRB- , as an inexpensive -LRB- US$ < 15/assay -RRB- alternative to NAT to diagnose clinically important HBV DNA thresholds -LRB- ≥ 2000 , ≥ 20 000 , and ≥ 200 000 IU/mL -RRB- and to select patients for antiviral therapy in Africa . Using a well-characterized cohort of treatment-naive patients with chronic HBV infection in The Gambia , we evaluated the accuracy of serum HBcrAg to diagnose HBV DNA levels and to indicate treatment eligibility determined by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases , based on reference tests -LRB- HBV DNA , hepatitis B e antigen , alanine aminotransferase , liver histopathology , and/or FibroScan -RRB- . A total of 284 treatment-naive patients were included in the analysis . A simplified treatment algorithm using HBcrAg without HBV DNA showed high AUROC -LRB- 0.91 -LSB- 95 % CI , .88-.95 -RSB- -RRB- with a sensitivity of 96.6 % and specificity of 85.8 % . HBcrAg might be an accurate alternative to HBV DNA quantification as a simple and inexpensive tool to identify HBV-infected patients in need of antiviral therapy in low
We validated a panel of gene markers , including MN/CA9 , cadherin-6 , vimentin , mucin1 , and parvalbumin , and studied 50 renal tumors -LRB- 30 conventional , 9 papillary , and 5 chromophobe RCCs and 6 oncocytomas -RRB- , 10 normal tissues , and 10 normal blood samples . We mimicked fine needle aspiration -LRB- FNA -RRB- biopsy in 10 kidneys with conventional RCC and applied this technique to 10 preoperative FNA samples from imaging-indeterminate renal tumors . The technique could detect as few as 10 SKRC-52 cells with MN/CA9 as mRNA marker and was less time consuming and labor intensive . MN/CA9 was a sensitive and rather specific gene marker for conventional RCC . Cadherin-6 gene expression was a sensitive marker for conventional and papillary RCC . Vimentin was highly specific for conventional RCC . Mucin1 mRNA was sensitive for papillary and chromophobe RCC and oncocytoma . Parvalbumin mRNA was a sensitive and highly specific marker for both chromophobe RCC and oncocytoma . Thus , these mRNA markers represent the biomarker genes for the subtypes of renal tumors . Finally , we successfully applied the technique to FNA specimens . Five preoperative FNA samples were MN/CA9 gene positive , suggesting a RCC , whereas the routine cytology was positive in only three cases . A rapid and sensitive assay of mRNA markers was developed for molecular differential diagnosis of RCC . This molecular assay can be used as a powerful ancillary to surgical pathological diagnosis and cytological diagnosis of RCC . The common subtypes of renal tumours are conventional , papillary , chromophobe carcinoma and oncocytoma . The morphological differentiation between chromophobe carcinoma and oncocytoma may be difficult . The aim was to evaluate S100A1 as a new marker for the differentiation of the two subtypes . Thirty-nine tumour samples -LSB- nine clear cell renal cell carcinomas -LRB- RCCs -RRB- , six papillary RCCs , nine chromophobe RCCs and 15 oncocytomas -RSB- were studied . The protein expression of S100A1 was evaluated by immunohistochemistry . The gene expression of S100A1 was analysed by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction . Nine oncocytomas showed strong immunoreactivity for S100A1 . Four oncocytomas were scored as moderate and one as weak reactivity . In total , 14/15 -LRB- 93 % -RRB- of oncocytomas were considered to be immunopositive . In contrast , all nine chromophobe RCCs were considered to be immunonegative . There was a significant difference in the positive percentages of staining of S100A1 between these two subtypes -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- . S100A1 immunoreactivity was observed in 6/9 clear cell and 4/6 papillary carcinomas . The results of S100A1 gene expression corresponded well with the results of immunohistochemistry . About 30-40 % of patients with renal cell carcinoma -LRB- RCC -RRB- will develop metastasis after curative nephrectomy . There is a strong need to identify the early metastasis with conventional and molecular risk factors . The present study aimed to test if analysis of the CA9 gene can provide useful information to predict early metastasis after nephrectomy . This study included 63 patients with a conventional RCC . Ten tumors were N + or/and M + at diagnosis . The mean follow-up was 43 months -LRB- range , 4-67 months -RRB- . About 11 M0N0 patients were found to have a metastasis during the follow-up . Quantitative RT-PCR of CA9 gene expression was performed . The metastasis-free survival curve was established according to the Kaplan-Meier method with comparison by the Log-Rank test . At diagnosis , the average of CA9 gene expression was significantly lower -LRB- p = 0.004 -RRB- in metastatic tumors -LRB- N + or/and M + -RRB- than in non-metastatic tumors -LRB- N0M0 -RRB- . For the follow-up of M0N0 patients , the metastasis-free survival rate was significantly higher -LRB- p = 0.005 -RRB- in the high CA9 group than in the low-CA9 group . When combined with CA9 , the metastasis-free survival rates , in terms of stage -LRB- p = 0.015 -RRB- or grade -LRB- p = 0.010 -RRB- were significantly different . When the stage , grade , and CA9 were combined , there was a significant difference -LRB- p = 0.004 -RRB- in metastasis-free survival rates -LRB- T1T2 + G1G2 + high expression of CA9 versus T3 + G3G4 + low expression of CA9 -RRB- . Finally , the multivariate regression analysis identified CA9 expression -LRB- p = 0.036 -RRB- as an independent predictor of early metastasis . Our study confirms that the expression level of CA9 gene in conventional RCC is related to metastasis . CA9 may be a potential marker for the prediction of early metastasis after nephrectomy and to guide post-operative follow-up and treatment . The aim of this study is to evaluate the S100A1 and KIT as gene markers for the differentiation of common subtypes of renal tumours . Fifty-five tissue samples -LRB- 15 clear cell RCCs , 15 papillary RCCs , 7 chromophobe RCCs , 8 oncocytomas and 10 normal renal tissues -RRB- were studied The gene expressions of S100A1 and KIT were analysed by one-step RT-PCR by using the specific primers . S100A1 was expressed in 2/15 clear cell RCCs , 11/15 papillary RCCs , 7/8 oncocytomas and in 0/7 chromophobe RCCs . KIT gene was expressed in 6/7 chromophobe RCCs and 7/8 oncocytomas while 0/15 clear cell RCCs and 1/15 papillary RCCs expressed kit gene . Normal tissue expressed neither S100A1 nor KIT gene . S100A1 and KIT can be used as gene markers for the differentiation of common subtypes of renal tumours .
Our primary goal was to assess health related quality of life -LRB- HRQOL -RRB- at transplantation and 1 yr after transplantation in pediatric liver transplant patients aged less than 5 years . We conducted a prospective longitudinal study of HRQOL in pediatric liver transplant recipients , aged less than 5 years to define the impact of liver transplantation on HRQOL and identify factors that predict HRQOL after transplantation . The infant toddler health status questionnaire -LRB- ITHQ -RRB- was completed at the time of listing for liver transplantation and at 6 and 12 months after liver transplantation . The primary outcome measures were the subscale scores that comprise ITHQ . The mean age -LRB- + / - s.e.m. -RRB- of the enrolled patients -LRB- n = 45 -RRB- at transplantation was 1.4 -LRB- + / -1.2 -RRB- yr . Thirty-eight -LRB- 84 % -RRB- of the enrolled patients completed the study . The highest mean baseline scores of 78.6 -LRB- + / -3.3 -RRB- were for global mental health -LRB- GlobalMH -RRB- . ITHQ subscale scores increased steadily after transplantation . The greatest increase was in the first 6 months after transplant . At 1 yr after transplantation , there were significant increases in all of the ITHQ subscale scores except for GlobalMH . ITHQ subscales were similar for patients who received LDLT compared with those who received cadaver donor liver transplantation -LRB- CDLT -RRB- at baseline and a year after transplant . Time elapsed as transplantation was a significant predictor of functional health in all of the models generated . Scores for general health -LRB- GH -RRB- , global health -LRB- GGH -RRB- , parental time-impact -LRB- PT -RRB- and parental time-emotion -LRB- PE -RRB- were higher for male children . Family cohesion -LRB- FC -RRB- improved with time elapsed since transplant and increased number of inpatient days . HRQOL improves after transplantation in all of our patients irrespective of the donor type . Functional health scores were higher in patients with normal serum bilirubin at 1 yr post-transplant . Assessment of HRQOL should be an integral part of care for liver transplant patients and their caregivers . Developed and validated an instrument for identifying children perceived as vulnerable . Mothers of 1,095 children , aged 4-8 years , completed interviews that included the original 12-item Child Vulnerability Scale . Eight items that correlated best with each of two major variables that contribute to vulnerability were retained in the revised scale and a cutoff score was identified for children perceived as vulnerable . The internal consistency of the revised scale was good . Using the revised scale , 10.1 % of children were identified as perceived vulnerable . Children categorized as perceived vulnerable had a significant increase in behavior problems and acute medical visits . The revised Child Vulnerability Scale should be useful in providing a better understanding of the causes and effects of an important factor in child development . With improvement in medical outcomes , the current research has shifted toward understanding and enhancing the quality of life after pediatric heart transplantation . Previous research has indicated that infant heart transplant recipients are generally at risk for neurodevelopmental delays ; however , no longitudinal studies exploring the patterns of development within this medical population have been performed . Using the Bayley Scales of Infant Development-II , 39 children -LRB- 2 to 38 months of age -RRB- who underwent heart transplantation in infancy -LRB- < 1 year -RRB- at Loma Linda University Children 's Hospital were assessed consecutively over time . Mean Mental Development Index -LRB- MDI -RRB- scores for all age groups were within normal limits , except for the age ranges of 18 to 23 and 24 to 35 months , which were mildly delayed . Average Psychomoter Development Index -LRB- PDI -RRB- scores for all age groups reflected mildly delayed performance , except for the 36 - to 38-month age group , which was within normal limits . Repeated measures analyses of variance on a sub-set of participants with at least 4 consecutive assessments revealed within-subject effects on MDI scores -LRB- F = 5.7 , p < 0.01 -RRB- , but not on PDI scores -LRB- F = 1.6 , p = 0.22 -RRB- . Significant decreases in MDI scores at 18 and 28 to 36 months were noted . Motor development in this population was consistently mildly delayed . Age-dependent variability in cognitive skills was apparent . The delays appeared due to speech/language acquisition -LRB- 18 months -RRB- , and abstract reasoning/goal-directed behaviors -LRB- 28 to 36 months -RRB- . Possible etiologies for cognitive delays include test artifacts , auditory functioning and effects of immunosuppressive agents . Understanding risk factors in this patient population will allow for early and effective intervention . As part of creating a pediatric ESRD-specific Health-Related Quality of Life -LRB- HRQOL -RRB- assessment instrument , we established pilot data with the PedsQL 4.0 Generic Core Scales in 96 pediatric patients with ESRD receiving hemodialysis -LRB- HD -RRB- , peritoneal dialysis -LRB- PD -RRB- or with a renal transplant -LRB- TX -RRB- . Patient age ranges were : 2-4 -LRB- 8 ; PD n = 3 , TX n = 5 -RRB- , 5-7 -LRB- 12 ; HD n = 9 , TX n = 3 -RRB- , 8-12 -LRB- 25 ; HD n = 5 , PD n = 6 , TX n = 14 -RRB- , 13-18 -LRB- 51 ; HD n = 18 , PD n = 10 , TX n = 23 -RRB- . PedsQL ESRD data were compared to healthy children -LRB- n = 131 child report ; n = 145 parent report -RRB- and across HD/PD/TX . For all domains , ESRD patient HRQOL scores were significantly lower than healthy controls . Transplant patients reported better physical and psychosocial health than dialysis patients . No difference was noted between HD and PD patients for any PedsQL domain . Our data demonstrate that the PedsQL 4.0
The etiology of most pediatric neoplasms remains elusive . Examination of population-based incidence data provides insight regarding etiology among various demographic groups and may result in new hypotheses . The objective of the current study was to present updated information regarding childhood cancer incidence and trends in the U.S. overall and among demographic subgroups , including Asian/Pacific Islanders and Hispanics , for whom to the authors ' knowledge trends have not been previously examined . Data obtained by 13 registries of the National Cancer Institute 's Surveillance , Epidemiology , and End Results -LRB- SEER -RRB- program were evaluated to assess incidence and trends of common primary cancers diagnosed between 1992 and 2004 among children aged birth to 19 years . Frequencies , age-adjusted incidence rates , and joinpoint regression results , including annual percent change -LRB- APC -RRB- in incidence rates -LRB- and 95 % confidence intervals -LSB- 95 % CI -RSB- -RRB- , were calculated . Between 1992 and 2004 , a modest , nonsignificant increase in the average annual incidence rate -LRB- APC , 0.4 % ; 95 % CI , -0.1 % -0.8 % -RRB- was observed for all pediatric cancer diagnoses combined . There was a suggestion of an increase in leukemia -LRB- APC , 0.7 % ; 95 % CI , -0.1 % -1.5 % -RRB- , and acute lymphoblastic leukemia in particular -LRB- APC , 0.8 % ; 95 % CI , -0.4 % -1.9 % -RRB- , whereas rates for central nervous system tumors overall were stable -LRB- APC , -0.1 % ; 95 % CI , -1.1 % -1.0 % -RRB- ; 2 joinpoints were observed for astrocytoma . Rate increases were noted for hepatoblastoma -LRB- APC , 4.3 % ; 95 % CI , 0.2 % -8.7 % -RRB- and melanoma -LRB- APC , 2.8 % ; 95 % CI , 0.5 % -5.1 % -RRB- . Differences by demographic group -LRB- sex , age , and race/ethnicity -RRB- are also described . The observed trends reinforce an ongoing need for population-based surveillance and further etiologic studies . Between 1975 and 1989 , 108 children with newly diagnosed medulloblastoma/primitive neuroectodermal tumor -LRB- MB/PNET -RRB- of the posterior fossa were treated at the authors ' institution . The patients were managed uniformly , and treatment included aggressive surgical resections , postoperative staging evaluations for extent of disease , and craniospinal radiation therapy with a local boost . Beginning in 1983 , children with MB/PNET were prospectively assigned to risk groups ; those with `` standard-risk '' MB/PNET were treated with radiation therapy alone , while those in the `` poor-risk '' group received similar radiation therapy plus adjuvant chemotherapy with 1 - -LRB- 2-chloroethyl -RRB- -3-cyclohexyl-1-nitrosourea -LRB- CCNU -RRB- , vincristine , and cisplatin . The 5-year actuarial disease-free survival rate for all patients treated between 1975 and 1982 was 68 % , and 73 % when patients who died within 2 weeks after operation were excluded . This survival rate was statistically better for patients treated after 1982 -LRB- 82 % -RRB- compared to those treated between 1975 and 1982 -LRB- 49 % -RRB- -LRB- p less than 0.004 -RRB- . There was no difference in disease-free survival rates over time for children with standard-risk factors ; however , there was a significant difference in the 5-year survival rate for poor-risk patients treated prior to 1982 -LRB- 35 % -RRB- compared to those treated later -LRB- 87 % -RRB- -LRB- p less than 0.001 -RRB- . For the group as a whole , a younger age at diagnosis correlated with a poorer survival rate ; however , this relationship between age and outcome was significant only for children treated before 1983 -LRB- p less than 0.001 -RRB- . These results demonstrated an encouraging survival rate for children with MB/PNET , especially those treated with aggressive surgical resection followed by both radiation therapy and chemotherapy . The results strongly suggest that chemotherapy has a role for some , and possibly all , children with MB/PNET . Pediatric high-grade gliomas represent a heterogeneous group of tumors that accounts for 15 % -20 % of all pediatric central nervous system tumors . The diagnosis of supratentorial neoplasms is dependent on their histologic appearance . Older children -LRB- > 3 years -RRB- with supratentorial neoplasms undergo a multimodality treatment comprised of surgical resection , radiation therapy , and chemotherapy . The addition of chemotherapy seems to improve the survival of a subset of these children , particularly those with glioblastoma multiforme . However , 2-year survival rates remain poor for children with supratentorial neoplasms , ranging from 10 % -30 % . The diagnosis of a diffuse brainstem glioma is based upon typical imaging , dispensing with the need for surgery in the majority of cases . Radiation therapy is the mainstay of treatment for children with diffuse brainstem gliomas . The role of chemotherapy for these children is not clear , and it is , in general , employed in the context of an investigational study . Less than 10 % of children with diffuse brainstem gliomas survive 2 years . Because the outcome for patients with either type of tumor is poor when standard multimodality therapy is used , these children are ideal candidates for innovative treatment approaches .
An effective vaccine for genital herpes has been difficult to achieve because of the limited efficacy of subunit vaccines and the safety concerns about live viruses . As an alternative approach , mutant herpes simplex virus strains that are replication-defective can induce protective immunity . To increase the level of safety and to prove that replication was not needed for immunization , we constructed a mutant herpes simplex virus 2 strain containing two deletion mutations , each of which eliminated viral replication . The double-mutant virus induces protective immunity that can reduce acute viral shedding and latent infection in a mouse genital model , but importantly , the double-mutant virus shows a phenotypic defect in latent infection . This herpes vaccine strain , which is immunogenic but has defects in both productive and latent infection , provides a paradigm for the design of vaccines and vaccine vectors for other sexually transmitted diseases , such as AIDS . A herpes simplex virus -LRB- HSV -RRB- -2 candidate vaccine consisting of glycoprotein D -LRB- gD2 -RRB- in alum and monophosphoryl lipid A -LRB- MPL -RRB- reduced genital herpes disease in HSV-1-seronegative women but not in men or HSV-1-seropositive women . To determine the effect of HSV-1 serostatus on effectiveness of different vaccines , we tested gD2 in alum/MPL , gD2 in Freund 's adjuvant , and dl5-29 -LRB- a replication-defective HSV-2 mutant -RRB- in HSV-1-seropositive or HSV-1-seronegative guinea pigs . In HSV-1-seropositive animals , all 3 vaccines induced similar titers of neutralizing antibodies and showed similar levels of protection against acute and recurrent genital herpes after vaginal challenge with wild-type virus , but dl5-29 reduced vaginal shedding after challenge more than did the gD2 vaccines . dl5-29 Is an effective vaccine in both HSV-1-seropositive and HSV-1-seronegative guinea pigs and was superior to gD2 vaccines in reducing virus shedding after challenge in both groups of animals . dl5-29 Might reduce transmission of HSV-2 . A number of studies have shown that replication-defective mutant strains of herpes simplex virus -LRB- HSV -RRB- can induce protective immunity in animal systems against wild-type HSV challenge . Because multiple , stable mutations provide optimal levels of safety for live vaccines , we felt that additional mutations needed to be engineered into a candidate vaccine strain for HSV-2 and genital herpes . We therefore isolated an HSV-2 strain with deletion mutations in two viral DNA replication protein genes , UL5 and UL29 . The resulting double deletion mutant virus strain , dl5-29 , fails to form plaques or to give any detectable single cycle yields in normal monkey or human cells . Nevertheless , dl5-29 expresses nearly the same pattern of gene products as the wild-type virus or the single mutant viruses and induces antibody titers in mice that are equivalent to those induced by single deletion mutant viruses . Therefore , it is feasible to isolate a mutant HSV strain with two mutations in essential genes and with an increased level of safety but which is still highly immunogenic .
Patients infected with hepatitis C virus -LRB- HCV -RRB- genotype 2 or 3 have sustained virologic response rates of approximately 80 % after receiving treatment with peginterferon and ribavirin for 24 weeks . We conducted a large , randomized , multinational , noninferiority trial to determine whether similar efficacy could be achieved with only 16 weeks of treatment with peginterferon alfa-2a and ribavirin . We randomly assigned 1469 patients with HCV genotype 2 or 3 to receive 180 mug of peginterferon alfa-2a weekly , plus 800 mg of ribavirin daily , for either 16 or 24 weeks . A sustained virologic response was defined as an undetectable serum HCV RNA level -LRB- < 50 IU per milliliter -RRB- 24 weeks after the end of treatment . The study failed to demonstrate that the 16-week regimen was noninferior to the 24-week regimen . The sustained virologic response rate was significantly lower in patients treated for 16 weeks than in patients treated for 24 weeks -LRB- 62 % vs. 70 % ; odds ratio for 16 weeks vs. 24 weeks , 0.67 ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.54 to 0.84 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . In addition , the rate of relapse -LRB- a detectable HCV RNA level during follow-up in patients who had undetectable HCV RNA at the end of treatment -RRB- was significantly greater in the 16-week group -LRB- 31 % , vs. 18 % in the 24-week group ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . Treatment with peginterferon and ribavirin for 16 weeks in patients infected with HCV genotype 2 or 3 results in a lower overall sustained virologic response rate than treatment with the standard 24-week regimen . -LRB- ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00077636 -LSB- ClinicalTrials.gov -RSB- . -RRB- .
Stroke incidence -LRB- incident strokes only -RRB- and case fatality from 21 days to 1 month post-stroke were analysed by four decades of study , two country income groups -LRB- high-income countries and low to middle income countries , in accordance with the World Bank 's country classification -RRB- and , when possible , by stroke pathological type : ischaemic stroke , primary intracerebral haemorrhage , and subarachnoid haemorrhage . This Review shows a divergent , statistically significant trend in stroke incidence rates over the past four decades , with a 42 % decrease in stroke incidence in high-income countries and a greater than 100 % increase in stroke incidence in low to middle income countries .
This pilot study was an initial investigation of Cognitive-Behavioral Couple 's Treatment -LRB- CBCT -RRB- for posttraumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- . Seven couples in which the husband was diagnosed with PTSD secondary to Vietnam combat experiences completed the treatment . According to independent clinician assessment and partner report , the veterans had substantial improvements in their PTSD symptoms . The veterans reported less dramatic improvements in their PTSD symptoms , but endorsed significant improvements in their depression and anxiety . The partners reported improved relationship satisfaction , whereas the veterans ' relationship satisfaction was unchanged across treatment . Theoretical implications and future directions are offered . Despite the established association between posttraumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- and relationship problems , there is a lack of evidence-based conjoint treatments that target both PTSD and relationship distress . Cognitive-behavioral conjoint therapy -LRB- CBCT -RRB- for PTSD was developed to address this need . The authors summarize knowledge on the association between PTSD and relationship functioning , as well as recent research on veterans and their partners . Following an overview of CBCT for PTSD , the authors present a case study to illustrate the application of CBCT to an Operation Enduring and Iraqi Freedom couple .
To evaluate the effect of early enteral nutrition on the outcome of critically ill and injured patients . MEDLINE , citation review of relevant primary and review articles , personal files , and contact with expert informants . Randomized , controlled studies that compared early with delayed enteral nutrition in hospitalized adult postoperative , trauma , head-injured , burn , or medical intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- patients . From 161 articles screened , 27 were identified as randomized , controlled trials comparing early with delayed enteral nutrition and were included for data extraction . Of these , 12 were excluded . None of the studies included medical ICU patients . Fifteen studies containing 753 subjects were analyzed . Descriptive and outcome data were extracted independently from the articles by the two reviewers . Main outcome measures were infections , noninfectious complications , length of hospital stay , and mortality . The meta-analysis was performed using the random effects model . Early enteral nutrition was associated with a significantly lower incidence of infections -LRB- relative risk reduction , 0.45 ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.30-0.66 ; p = .00006 ; test for heterogeneity , p = .049 -RRB- and a reduced length of hospital stay -LRB- mean reduction of 2.2 days ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.81-3.63 days ; p = .004 ; test for heterogeneity , p = .0012 -RRB- . There were no significant differences in mortality or noninfectious complications between the two groups of patients . The results of this meta-analysis support the experimental data demonstrating the benefit of the early initiation of enteral nutrition . The results of this meta-analysis must , however , be interpreted with some caution because of the significant heterogeneity between studies . To describe current enteral nutrition-prescribing practices for critically ill patients , and to identify factors associated with initiation of , and tolerance to , enteral nutrition . A prospective , cohort study . Two tertiary care medical-surgical intensive care units -LRB- ICU -RRB- in Ontario , Canada . We enrolled 99 consecutive patients who were expected to stay in the ICU for > 3 days and who were unable to tolerate oral nutrition . We followed patients for 21 days or until they tolerated enteral nutrition , tolerated oral nutrition , were discharged from the ICU , or died . We recorded time elapsed from ICU admission to initiation and tolerance of enteral feedings , and examined factors associated with these events . We defined tolerance as receiving 90 % of estimated daily energy requirements for > 48 hrs without gastrointestinal dysfunction -LRB- i.e. , high gastric residuals , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal distention -RRB- . Seventy-three -LRB- 74 % -RRB- of 99 patients were started on enteral feedings an average 3.1 days -LRB- range 1 to 18 -RRB- after ICU admission . Of 26 patients never started on enteral nutrition , three -LRB- 12.5 % -RRB- patients eventually tolerated oral nutrition , 14 -LRB- 54.0 % -RRB- patients were discharged from the ICU , and seven -LRB- 27.0 % -RRB- patients died . Reasons for not initiating enteral nutrition included absence of bowel sounds -LRB- 27.0 % -RRB- , high nasogastric drainage -LRB- 16.9 % -RRB- , contraindication to enteral nutrition -LRB- 16.7 % -RRB- , tolerance of oral nutrition -LRB- 6.8 % -RRB- , and no apparent reason -LRB- 5.1 % -RRB- . Abdominal surgery , use of vasoactive drugs , and admission to one hospital made initiation of enteral nutrition less likely , whereas presence of bowel sounds and admission to the other hospital made initiation of enteral nutrition more likely . Thirty-five -LRB- 42.9 % -RRB- of 73 patients started on enteral nutrition achieved tolerance of the regimen . The average time from ICU admission to tolerance of feedings was 5.8 days -LRB- range 1 to 14 -RRB- . Once started on enteral nutrition , the most common reasons for decreasing or discontinuing feedings included high gastric residuals -LRB- 51.0 % -RRB- , mechanical feeding tube problems -LRB- 15.4 % -RRB- , medical or surgical procedures -LRB- 5.4 % -RRB- , and vomiting -LRB- 5.1 % -RRB- . Use of paralytic agents and the presence of high gastric residuals were associated with intolerance . Of 38 patients who did not achieve tolerance , 20 -LRB- 52.6 % -RRB- patients were discharged from the ICU , eight -LRB- 21.0 % -RRB- patients died , and eight -LRB- 21.0 % -RRB- patients eventually tolerated oral nutrition . Enteral nutrition is not started in all eligible ICU patients . Approximately half of those patients receiving enteral nutrition achieved tolerance of the regimen . Gastrointestinal dysfunction causing intolerance to enteral nutrition is a common reason for not starting , or discontinuing , feedings . Malnutrition has been identified as affecting patient outcome . The purpose of this study was to correlate the nutritional status of hospitalized patients with their morbidity , mortality , length of hospital stay and costs . The patients were nutritionally assessed within the first 72 h of hospital admission . The patients ' charts were surveyed on the incidence of complications and mortality . Hospital costs were calculated based on economic tables used by insurance companies . Multivariate logistic regression analysis and the Cox regression model were used to identify possible confounding factors . A P < 0.05 was considered statistically significant . The mean age was 50.6 + / -17.3 years with 50.2 % being male . The incidence of complications in the malnourished was 27.0 % -LSB- Relative risk -LRB- RR -RRB- = 1.60 -RSB- . Mortality in the malnourished patients was 12.4 % vs 4.7 % in the well nourished -LRB- RR = 2.63 -RRB- . Malnourished patients stayed in the hospital for 16.7 + / -24.5 days vs 10.1 + / -11.7 days in the nourished . Hospital costs in malnourished patients were increased up to 308.9 % . It was concluded that malnutrition , as analyzed
We included 108 consecutive , retrospective CHC patients and 44 consecutive , prospective CHC patients who were treated with peginterferon and ribavirin with or without protease inhibitors according to the guidelines in the period of November 2012 to June 2015 . 33 healthy volunteers served as controls . Infection data were evaluated in all patients . Neutrophil phagocytosis , oxidative burst , elastase and diamine oxidase levels during 12 weeks of triple -LRB- n = 23 -RRB- or dual therapy -LRB- n = 21 -RRB- were studied in the prospective part . In the retro - and prospective cohorts patients experiencing clinically relevant infections were significantly more frequent during protease inhibitor therapy -LRB- 31 % and 26 % -RRB- than during therapy with peginterferon and ribavirin -LRB- 13 % and 0 % -RRB- . Protease inhibitors also seemed to reduce serum elastase levels but did not impact on gut permeability .
Six - to eight-week-old male wild-type rats were divided into seven groups . To establish the acute alcohol liver disease model , rats received three doses of corn starch dissolved in PBS/40 % alcohol administered intra-gastrically every 12 hours . Treatment groups received an intra-gastric dose of VSL # 3 , Glutamine , heat-killed VSL # 3 , or VSL # 3 + Glutamine 30 minutes prior to alcohol administration . TNFα and endotoxin in plasma was measured by ELISA and Tachypleus Ameboctye Lysate assays , and electron microscopy , Western blotting , and reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction were used to identify the mechanisms of VSL # 3 in the regulation of epithelial permeability . First , compared with control group , endotoxin and TNFα in alcohol group was obviously high . At the same time , in VSL # 3 group , the expression of endotoxin and TNFα obviously lower than the alcohol group . And the trends of the expression of tight junction proteins in these groups were reversed with the change of endotoxin and TNFα . Second , compared the groups of VSL # 3 with glutamine , VSL # 3 + glutamine and heat-killed VSL # 3 , we found that both VSL # 3 and heat-killed VSL # 3 , glutamine were as effective as VSL # 3 + glutamine in the treatment of acute alcohol liver disease , the expression of endotoxin and TNFα were lower than the alcohol group , and tight junction proteins were higher than the alcohol group whereas the expression of tight junction proteins were higher in VSL # 3 + glutamine group than either agent alone , but have no significant difference . We conclude that VSL # 3 treatment can regulate the ecological balance of the gut microflora , preventing passage of endotoxin and other bacterial products from the gut lumen into the portal circulation and down-regulating the expression of TNFα , which could otherwise down-regulate the expression of tight junction proteins and increase epithelial permeability . To evaluate the effects of probiotic -LRB- VSL # 3 -RRB- and omega-3 fatty acid on insulin sensitivity , blood lipids , and inflammation , we conducted a clinical trial in 60 overweight -LRB- BMI > 25 -RRB- , healthy adults , aged 40-60 years . After initial screening the subjects were randomized into four groups with 15 per group . Blood and fecal samples were collected at baseline and after 6 weeks . The probiotic -LRB- VSL # 3 -RRB- supplemented group had significant reduction in total cholesterol , triglyceride , LDL , and VLDL and had increased HDL -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- value . VSL # 3 improved insulin sensitivity -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- , decreased hsCRP , and favorably affected the composition of gut microbiota . Omega-3 had significant effect on insulin sensitivity and hsCRP but had no effect on gut microbiota . Addition of omega-3 fatty acid with VSL # 3 had more pronounced effect on HDL , insulin sensitivity and hsCRP . Subjects with low HDL , insulin resistance , and high hsCRP had significantly lower total lactobacilli and bifidobacteria count and higher E. coli and bacteroides count . Structural disruption of gut microbiota and associated inflammation are considered important etiological factors in high fat diet -LRB- HFD -RRB- - induced metabolic syndrome -LRB- MS -RRB- . Three candidate probiotic strains , Lactobacillus paracasei CNCM I-4270 -LRB- LC -RRB- , L. rhamnosus I-3690 -LRB- LR -RRB- and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis I-2494 -LRB- BA -RRB- , were individually administered to HFD-fed mice -LRB- 10 -LRB- 8 -RRB- cells day -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- for 12 weeks . Each strain attenuated weight gain and macrophage infiltration into epididymal adipose tissue and markedly improved glucose-insulin homeostasis and hepatic steatosis . Weighted UniFrac principal coordinate analysis based on 454 pyrosequencing of fecal bacterial 16S rRNA genes showed that the probiotic strains shifted the overall structure of the HFD-disrupted gut microbiota toward that of lean mice fed a normal -LRB- chow -RRB- diet . Redundancy analysis revealed that abundances of 83 operational taxonomic units -LRB- OTUs -RRB- were altered by probiotics . Forty-nine altered OTUs were significantly correlated with one or more host MS parameters and were designated ` functionally relevant phylotypes ' . Thirteen of the 15 functionally relevant OTUs that were negatively correlated with MS phenotypes were promoted , and 26 of the 34 functionally relevant OTUs that were positively correlated with MS were reduced by at least one of the probiotics , but each strain changed a distinct set of functionally relevant OTUs . LC and LR increased cecal acetate but did not affect circulating lipopolysaccharide-binding protein ; in contrast , BA did not increase acetate but significantly decreased adipose and hepatic tumor necrosis factor-α gene expression . These results suggest that Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium differentially attenuate obesity comorbidities in part through strain-specific impacts on MS-associated phylotypes of gut microbiota in mice .
Abnormal synchronization of neuronal activity in dopaminergic circuits is related to motor impairment in Parkinson 's disease -LRB- PD -RRB- . Vibrotactile coordinated reset -LRB- vCR -RRB- fingertip stimulation aims to counteract excessive synchronization and induce sustained unlearning of pathologic synaptic connectivity and neuronal synchrony . Here , we report two clinical feasibility studies that examine the effect of regular and noisy vCR stimulation on PD motor symptoms . Additionally , in one clinical study -LRB- study 1 -RRB- , we examine cortical beta band power changes in the sensorimotor cortex . Lastly , we compare these clinical results in relation to our computational findings . <i> Study 1 </i> examines six PD patients receiving noisy vCR stimulation and their cortical beta power changes after 3 months of daily therapy . Motor evaluations and at-rest electroencephalographic -LRB- EEG -RRB- recordings were assessed off medication pre - and post-noisy vCR . <i> Study 2 </i> follows three patients for 6 + months , two of whom received daily regular vCR and one patient from study 1 who received daily noisy vCR . Motor evaluations were taken at baseline , and follow-up visits were done approximately every 3 months . <i> Computationally </i> , in a network of leaky integrate-and-fire -LRB- LIF -RRB- neurons with spike timing-dependent plasticity , we study the differences between regular and noisy vCR by using a stimulus model that reproduces experimentally observed central neuronal phase locking . <i> Clinically </i> , in both studies , we observed significantly improved motor ability . EEG recordings observed from study 1 indicated a significant decrease in off-medication cortical sensorimotor high beta power -LRB- 21-30 Hz -RRB- at rest after 3 months of daily noisy vCR therapy . <i> Computationally </i> , vCR and noisy vCR cause comparable parameter-robust long-lasting synaptic decoupling and neuronal desynchronization .
Respiratory depression limits the use of opioid analgesia . Although well described clinically , the specific mechanisms of opioid action on respiratory control centres in the brain have , until recently , been less well understood . This article reviews the mechanisms of opioid-induced respiratory depression , from the cellular to the systems level , to highlight gaps in our current understanding , and to suggest avenues for further research . The ultimate aim of combating opioid-induced respiratory depression would benefit patients in pain and potentially reduce deaths from opioid overdose . Opioid usage is associated with adverse effects on respiration which are often attributed to depression of the central nervous system . Recent data indicate that opioid use has increased over the last two decades . There is also increasing evidence that opioids have a variety of effects on the lungs besides suppression of respiration . Opioids can affect immune cells function , increase histamine release causing bronchospasm , vaso-constriction and hypersensitivity reactions . Together , these actions have a variety of effects on lung function . Here , we provide a comprehensive review of the effects of opioids on the lungs including the respiratory centre , immune function , airways and pulmonary vasculature .
A benefit of temozolomide -LRB- TMZ -RRB- is that myelotoxicity is uncommon . Recently , several small series have reported significant myelotoxicity resulting in treatment delays or death . The ability to predict risk of myelotoxicity may influence patient care . We retrospectively reviewed 680 malignant glioma patients and developed a clinical risk formula for myelotoxicity for each gender by logistic regression . The variables that remained were assigned a score of 1 and added together for a final risk score . Women experienced more myelotoxicity than did men -LRB- p = 0.015 -RRB- . For males , risk factors included body surface area -LRB- BSA -RRB- > or = 2 m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- = 2.712 , p = 0.04 -RRB- , not on steroids -LRB- OR = 2.214 , p = 0.06 -RRB- , and on bowel medication -LRB- OR = 3.955 , p = 0.008 -RRB- . For females , final factors included no prior chemotherapy -LRB- OR = 3.727 , p = 0.001 -RRB- , creatinine > or = 1 mg/dl -LRB- OR = 6.08 , p = 0.002 -RRB- , platelets < 270,000 / mm -LRB- 3 -RRB- -LRB- OR = 2.438 , p = 0.03 -RRB- , BSA < 2 m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- OR = 4.178 , p = 0.04 -RRB- , not on medication for gastroesophageal reflux disease -LRB- OR = 2.942 , p = 0.01 -RRB- , and on analgesics -LRB- OR = 2.169 , p = 0.05 -RRB- . Age was included because of observable trends . Risk of developing myelotoxicity ranged from 0 % to 33 % -LRB- male -RRB- and from 0 % to 100 % -LRB- females -RRB- . Polymorphisms in NQO1 -LRB- NAD -LRB- P -RRB- H dehydrogenase , quinone 1 -RRB- , MGMT -LRB- O -LRB- 6 -RRB- - methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase -RRB- , and GSTP1 -LRB- glutathione S-transferase pi 1 -RRB- were related to risk of developing myelotoxicity in a subset of patients . Myelotoxicity with TMZ is a significant clinical issue for those at risk . Use of a clinical model to predict risk and evaluation of identified genetic polymorphisms related to myelotoxicity may allow for individualized dosing , optimizing patient management . Romiplostim , a thrombopoietin mimetic , increases platelet counts in patients with immune thrombocytopenia , with few adverse effects . In this open-label , 52-week study , we randomly assigned 234 adult patients with immune thrombocytopenia , who had not undergone splenectomy , to receive the standard of care -LRB- 77 patients -RRB- or weekly subcutaneous injections of romiplostim -LRB- 157 patients -RRB- . Primary end points were incidences of treatment failure and splenectomy . The rate of a platelet response in the romiplostim group was 2.3 times that in the standard-of-care group -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 2.0 to 2.6 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . Patients receiving romiplostim had a significantly lower incidence of treatment failure -LRB- 18 of 157 patients -LSB- 11 % -RSB- -RRB- than those receiving the standard of care -LRB- 23 of 77 patients -LSB- 30 % -RSB- , P < 0.001 -RRB- -LRB- odds ratio with romiplostim , 0.31 ; 95 % CI , 0.15 to 0.61 -RRB- . Splenectomy also was performed less frequently in patients receiving romiplostim -LRB- 14 of 157 patients -LSB- 9 % -RSB- -RRB- than in those receiving the standard of care -LRB- 28 of 77 patients -LSB- 36 % -RSB- , P < 0.001 -RRB- -LRB- odds ratio , 0.17 ; 95 % CI , 0.08 to 0.35 -RRB- . The romiplostim group had a lower rate of bleeding events , fewer blood transfusions , and greater improvements in the quality of life than the standard-of-care group . Patients treated with romiplostim had a higher rate of a platelet response , lower incidence of treatment failure and splenectomy , less bleeding and fewer blood transfusions , and a higher quality of life than patients treated with the standard of care . -LRB- ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00415532 . -RRB- . Comprised of peptide and carrier components in an overall structure superficially resembling an antibody , romiplostim is the prototype of a new class of protein therapeutics called peptibodies . Romiplostim -LRB- AMG 531 , Nplate -RRB- was designed to evade the immune response to recombinant thrombopoietin and offer a new method of treatment for patients with immune thrombocytopenia -LRB- ITP -RRB- , an `` orphan '' disease . In contrast with agents designed to suppress immune function or hinder the processes of platelet destruction , romiplostim works by stimulating the production of new platelets . It was proven to increase platelet counts , reduce the need for other ITP therapies and emergency treatments , and demonstrate an acceptable safety profile . In addition , romiplostim improves patient-reported outcomes and quality of life in those suffering from this rare disease . Thrombocytopenia related intracerebral hemorrhage -LRB- ICH -RRB- secondary to chemotherapy induced myelosuppression can be very difficult to manage and may result in the death of the patient . We present the case of a 26-year-old male suffering a fatal ICH in the context of treatment of a high grade glioma with temozolomide . The clinician should be aware that a dose dependent severe and possible irreversible myelotoxicity can occur with temozolomide treatment resulting in substantial morbidity . Temozolomide -LRB- Temodal , Temodar -RRB- , an imidazol derivative , is a second-generation alkylating agent . The orally available prodrug with the capacity of crossing the blood-brain barrier received accelerated US FDA approval in 1999 . Three pivotal Phase II trials showed modest activity in the treatment of recurrent anaplastic astrocytoma glioblastoma . In 2005 , the FDA and the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products approved temozolomide for use in newly diagnosed glioblastoma , in conjunction with radiotherapy , based on an European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer/National Cancer Institute of Canada Phase III trial
The combined use of anticoagulants , antiplatelet agents , and invasive coronary procedures reduces ischemic coronary events but also increases bleeding in patients with acute coronary syndromes . We therefore assessed whether fondaparinux would preserve the anti-ischemic benefits of enoxaparin while reducing bleeding . We randomly assigned 20,078 patients with acute coronary syndromes to receive either fondaparinux -LRB- 2.5 mg daily -RRB- or enoxaparin -LRB- 1 mg per kilogram of body weight twice daily -RRB- for a mean of six days and evaluated death , myocardial infarction , or refractory ischemia at nine days -LRB- the primary outcome -RRB- ; major bleeding ; and their combination . Patients were followed for up to six months . The number of patients with primary-outcome events was similar in the two groups -LRB- 579 with fondaparinux -LSB- 5.8 percent -RSB- vs. 573 with enoxaparin -LSB- 5.7 percent -RSB- ; hazard ratio in the fondaparinux group , 1.01 ; 95 percent confidence interval , 0.90 to 1.13 -RRB- , satisfying the noninferiority criteria . The rate of major bleeding at nine days was markedly lower with fondaparinux than with enoxaparin -LRB- 217 events -LSB- 2.2 percent -RSB- vs. 412 events -LSB- 4.1 percent -RSB- ; hazard ratio , 0.52 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . Fondaparinux was associated with a significantly reduced number of deaths at 30 days -LRB- 295 vs. 352 , P = 0.02 -RRB- and at 180 days -LRB- 574 vs. 638 , P = 0.05 -RRB- . Fondaparinux is similar to enoxaparin in reducing the risk of ischemic events at nine days , but it substantially reduces major bleeding and improves long term mortality and morbidity . -LRB- ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00139815 . -RRB- .
Thirty-one nonobese adolescent girls -LRB- age 13-21 years -RRB- , 15 with PCOS diagnosed using the National Institutes of Health -LRB- NIH -RRB- criteria and 16 healthy control subjects . Subjects and controls were comparable for body mass index z-score , age and ethnicity . AMH in PCOS subjects and control groups , correlation of AMH with hormonal parameters . AMH was higher in PCOS subjects -LRB- 4.4 ± 3.4 ng/mL -RRB- than in controls -LRB- 2.4 ± 1.3 ng/mL -RRB- , when adjusted for menstrual age . In the entire group -LRB- PCOS and controls -RRB- , AMH correlated with androgens , ovarian size and the presence of polycystic ovary -LRB- PCO -RRB- appearance . There was no difference in average ovarian size between PCOS -LRB- 7.1 ± 2.6 cm ³ -RRB- and controls -LRB- 6.7 ± 1.8 cm ³ -RRB- . PCOS subjects were 1.49 times more likely to have AMH > 3.4 ng/mL -LRB- confidence interval 0.98-2.26 ng/mL -RRB- . Our data suggest that AMH may be a useful adjunct in the diagnosis of PCOS in adolescents .
We re-analysed prospective data collected by anaesthetists in the Anaesthesia Sprint Audit of Practice -LRB- ASAP-1 -RRB- to describe associations with linked outcome data . Mortality was 165/11 ,085 -LRB- 1.5 % -RRB- 5 days and 563/11 ,085 -LRB- 5.1 % -RRB- 30 days after surgery and was not associated with anaesthetic technique -LRB- general vs. spinal , with or without peripheral nerve blockade -RRB- . The risk of death increased as blood pressure fell : the odds ratio -LRB- 95 % CI -RRB- for mortality within five days after surgery was 0.983 -LRB- 0.973-0.994 -RRB- for each 5 mmHg intra-operative increment in systolic blood pressure , p = 0.0016 , and 0.980 -LRB- 0.967-0.993 -RRB- for each mmHg increment in mean pressure , p = 0.0039 . The equivalent odds ratios -LRB- 95 % CI -RRB- for 30-day mortality were 0.968 -LRB- 0.951-0.985 -RRB- , p = 0.0003 and 0.976 -LRB- 0.964-0.988 -RRB- , p = 0.0001 , respectively . The lowest systolic blood pressure after intrathecal local anaesthetic relative to before induction was weakly correlated with a higher volume of subarachnoid bupivacaine : r -LRB- 2 -RRB- -0.10 and -0.16 for hyperbaric and isobaric bupivacaine , respectively . A mean 20 % relative fall in systolic blood pressure correlated with an administered volume of 1.44 ml hyperbaric bupivacaine . Future research should focus on refining standardised anaesthesia towards administering lower doses of spinal -LRB- and general -RRB- anaesthesia and maintaining normotension . The majority of people with hip fracture are treated surgically , requiring anaesthesia . The main focus of this review is the comparison of regional versus general anaesthesia for hip -LRB- proximal femoral -RRB- fracture repair in adults . We did not consider supplementary regional blocks in this review as they have been studied in another review . We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials -LRB- CENTRAL ; the Cochrane Library ; 2014 , Issue 3 -RRB- , MEDLINE -LRB- Ovid SP , 2003 to March 2014 -RRB- and EMBASE -LRB- Ovid SP , 2003 to March 2014 -RRB- . We included randomized trials comparing different methods of anaesthesia for hip fracture surgery in adults . The primary focus of this review was the comparison of regional anaesthesia versus general anaesthesia . The use of nerve blocks preoperatively or in conjunction with general anaesthesia is evaluated in another review . The main outcomes were mortality , pneumonia , myocardial infarction , cerebrovascular accident , acute confusional state , deep vein thrombosis and return of patient to their own home . Two reviewers independently assessed trial quality and extracted data . We analysed data with fixed-effect -LRB- I -LRB- 2 -RRB- < 25 % -RRB- or random-effects models . We assessed the quality of the evidence according to the criteria developed by the GRADE working group . In total , we included 31 studies -LRB- with 3231 participants -RRB- in our review . Of those 31 studies , 28 -LRB- 2976 participants -RRB- provided data for the meta-analyses . For the 28 studies , 24 were used for the comparison of neuraxial block versus general anaesthesia . Based on 11 studies that included 2152 participants , we did not find a difference between the two anaesthetic techniques for mortality at one month : risk ratio -LRB- RR -RRB- 0.78 , 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- 0.57 to 1.06 ; I -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 24 % -LRB- fixed-effect model -RRB- . Based on six studies that included 761 participants , we did not find a difference in the risk of pneumonia : RR 0.77 , 95 % CI 0.45 to 1.31 ; I -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0 % . Based on four studies that included 559 participants , we did not find a difference in the risk of myocardial infarction : RR 0.89 , 95 % CI 0.22 to 3.65 ; I -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0 % . Based on laboratory tests , the risk of deep vein thrombosis was decreased when no specific precautions or just early mobilization was used : RR 0.57 , 95 % CI 0.41 to 0.78 ; I -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0 % ; -LRB- number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome -LRB- NNTB -RRB- = 3 , 95 % CI 2 to 7 , based on a basal risk of 76 % -RRB- but not when low molecular weight heparin was administered : RR 0.98 , 95 % CI 0.52 to 1.84 ; I -LRB- 2 -RRB- for heterogeneity between the two subgroups = 58 % . For neuraxial blocks compared to general anaesthesia , we rated the quality of evidence as very low for mortality -LRB- at 0 to 30 days -RRB- , pneumonia , myocardial infarction , cerebrovascular accident , acute confusional state , decreased rate of deep venous thrombosis in the absence of potent thromboprophylaxis , and return of patient to their own home . The number of studies comparing other anaesthetic techniques was limited . We did not find a difference between the two techniques , except for deep venous thrombosis in the absence of potent thromboprophylaxis . The studies included a wide variety of clinical practices . The number of participants included in the review is insufficient to eliminate a difference between the two techniques in the majority of outcomes studied . Therefore , large randomized trials reflecting actual clinical practice are required before drawing final conclusions . Typically obturator nerve blockade is used to relieve hip pain . It sometimes only has a minor effect in resolving symptoms . This clinical observation led us to examine comprehensively the sensory nerve innervation of formalin-fixed hip joint capsules . Following macroscopic preparation , the area of the hip joint capsule was inspected with the aid of an operating microscope . We discovered a separation between the anterior and posterior sensory innervation of the hip joint capsule . The anteromedial innervation was determined by the articular branches of the
Endoluminal treatment of superficial femoral artery lesions is a matter of controversy . The present study was designed to investigate the impact of nitinol stenting of superficial femoral artery lesions with a maximum length of 10 cm on restenosis and clinical outcomes at 1 year . Two hundred forty-four patients -LRB- 168 men ; 66 + / -9 years -RRB- with a single superficial femoral artery lesion and chronic limb ischemia were randomized to implantation of a single Bard Luminexx 3 stent -LRB- 123 patients -RRB- or stand-alone percutaneous transluminal angioplasty -LRB- PTA -RRB- -LRB- 121 patients -RRB- . Mean lesion length was 45 mm . Technical success -LRB- residual stenosis < 50 % for PTA , < 30 % for stenting -RRB- was achieved in 96 patients assigned to PTA -LRB- 79 % -RRB- and 117 patients assigned to stenting -LRB- 95 % -RRB- ; 13 PTA group patients -LRB- 11 % -RRB- `` crossed over '' to stenting . At 1 year , the primary end point of ultrasound-assessed binary restenosis was reached in 39 of 101 PTA group patients -LRB- 38.6 % -RRB- and 32 of 101 stent group patients -LRB- 31.7 % ; absolute treatment difference , -6.9 % ; 95 % CI , -19.7 % to 6.2 % ; P = 0.377 -RRB- . Target lesion revascularization rates at 1 year were 18.3 % and 14.9 % , respectively -LRB- absolute treatment difference , -3.3 % ; 95 % CI , -13.0 % to 6.4 % ; P = 0.595 -RRB- . No statistically significant difference between treatment groups was observed at 12 months in the improvement by at least 1 Rutherford category of peripheral arterial disease . A smaller difference requiring a larger trial might have been missed . Because stent implantation for disease of the superficial femoral artery has been associated with high rates of late clinical failure , percutaneous transluminal angioplasty is preferred for endovascular treatment , and stenting is recommended only in the event of suboptimal technical results . We evaluated whether primary implantation of a self-expanding nitinol -LRB- nickel-titanium -RRB- stent yielded anatomical and clinical benefits superior to those afforded by percutaneous transluminal angioplasty with optional secondary stenting . We randomly assigned 104 patients who had severe claudication or chronic limb ischemia due to stenosis or occlusion of the superficial femoral artery to undergo primary stent implantation -LRB- 51 patients -RRB- or angioplasty -LRB- 53 patients -RRB- . Restenosis and clinical outcomes were assessed at 6 and 12 months . The mean -LRB- + / - SD -RRB- length of the treated segment was 132 + / -71 mm in the stent group and 127 + / -55 mm in the angioplasty group . Secondary stenting was performed in 17 of 53 patients -LRB- 32 percent -RRB- in the angioplasty group , in most cases because of a suboptimal result after angioplasty . At 6 months , the rate of restenosis on angiography was 24 percent in the stent group and 43 percent in the angioplasty group -LRB- P = 0.05 -RRB- ; at 12 months the rates on duplex ultrasonography were 37 percent and 63 percent , respectively -LRB- P = 0.01 -RRB- . Patients in the stent group were able to walk significantly farther on a treadmill at 6 and 12 months than those in the angioplasty group . In the intermediate term , treatment of superficial-femoral-artery disease by primary implantation of a self-expanding nitinol stent yielded results that were superior to those with the currently recommended approach of balloon angioplasty with optional secondary stenting . -LRB- ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00281060 . -RRB- . The purpose of this study is to compare post-dilation strategies of nitinol self-expanding stents implanted in the superficial femoral artery of diabetic patients with peripheral arterial disease . Endovascular treatment of superficial femoral artery disease with nitinol self-expanding stents is associated with high rates of in-stent restenosis in patients with diabetes mellitus . Inclusion criteria included diabetes mellitus , symptomatic peripheral arterial disease , and superficial femoral artery lesions requiring implantation of stents > 5 mm in diameter and > 60 mm in length . Primary endpoint was binary restenosis at 12 months , defined as ≥ 2.5-fold increase in peak systolic velocity by duplex ultrasonography . Seventy-four patients , with 90 stented superficial femoral artery lesions , were randomly assigned to post-dilation using cryoplasty -LRB- n = 45 lesions -RRB- or conventional balloons -LRB- n = 45 lesions -RRB- . Mean lesion length was 148 ± 98 mm , mean stented length was 190 ± 116 mm , mean stent diameter was 6.1 ± 0.4 mm , and 50 % of the lesions were total occlusions . Post-dilation balloon diameters were 5.23 ± 0.51 mm versus 5.51 ± 0.72 mm in the cryoplasty and conventional balloon angioplasty groups , respectively -LRB- p = 0.02 -RRB- . At 12 months , binary restenosis was significantly lower in the cryoplasty group -LRB- 29.3 % vs. 55.8 % , p = 0.01 ; odds ratio : 0.36 , 95 % confidence interval : 0.15 to 0.89 -RRB- . Among diabetic patients undergoing implantation of nitinol self-expanding stents in the superficial femoral artery , post-dilation with cryoplasty balloon reduced binary restenosis compared to conventional balloon angioplasty . -LRB- Study Comparing Two Methods of Expanding Stents Placed in Legs of Diabetics With Peripheral Vascular Disease -LSB- COBRA -RSB- ; NCT00827853 -RRB- .
In December 2019 , novel coronavirus -LRB- 2019-nCoV -RRB- - infected pneumonia -LRB- NCIP -RRB- occurred in Wuhan , China . The number of cases has increased rapidly but information on the clinical characteristics of affected patients is limited . To describe the epidemiological and clinical characteristics of NCIP . Retrospective , single-center case series of the 138 consecutive hospitalized patients with confirmed NCIP at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University in Wuhan , China , from January 1 to January 28 , 2020 ; final date of follow-up was February 3 , 2020 . Documented NCIP . Epidemiological , demographic , clinical , laboratory , radiological , and treatment data were collected and analyzed . Outcomes of critically ill patients and noncritically ill patients were compared . Presumed hospital-related transmission was suspected if a cluster of health professionals or hospitalized patients in the same wards became infected and a possible source of infection could be tracked . Of 138 hospitalized patients with NCIP , the median age was 56 years -LRB- interquartile range , 42-68 ; range , 22-92 years -RRB- and 75 -LRB- 54.3 % -RRB- were men . Hospital-associated transmission was suspected as the presumed mechanism of infection for affected health professionals -LRB- 40 -LSB- 29 % -RSB- -RRB- and hospitalized patients -LRB- 17 -LSB- 12.3 % -RSB- -RRB- . Lymphopenia -LRB- lymphocyte count , 0.8 × 109/L -LSB- interquartile range -LCB- IQR -RCB- , 0.6-1.1 -RSB- -RRB- occurred in 97 patients -LRB- 70.3 % -RRB- , prolonged prothrombin time -LRB- 13.0 seconds -LSB- IQR , 12.3-13.7 -RSB- -RRB- in 80 patients -LRB- 58 % -RRB- , and elevated lactate dehydrogenase -LRB- 261 U/L -LSB- IQR , 182-403 -RSB- -RRB- in 55 patients -LRB- 39.9 % -RRB- . Chest computed tomographic scans showed bilateral patchy shadows or ground glass opacity in the lungs of all patients . Most patients received antiviral therapy -LRB- oseltamivir , 124 -LSB- 89.9 % -RSB- -RRB- , and many received antibacterial therapy -LRB- moxifloxacin , 89 -LSB- 64.4 % -RSB- ; ceftriaxone , 34 -LSB- 24.6 % -RSB- ; azithromycin , 25 -LSB- 18.1 % -RSB- -RRB- and glucocorticoid therapy -LRB- 62 -LSB- 44.9 % -RSB- -RRB- . Thirty-six patients -LRB- 26.1 % -RRB- were transferred to the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- because of complications , including acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- 22 -LSB- 61.1 % -RSB- -RRB- , arrhythmia -LRB- 16 -LSB- 44.4 % -RSB- -RRB- , and shock -LRB- 11 -LSB- 30.6 % -RSB- -RRB- . The median time from first symptom to dyspnea was 5.0 days , to hospital admission was 7.0 days , and to ARDS was 8.0 days . Patients treated in the ICU -LRB- n = 36 -RRB- , compared with patients not treated in the ICU -LRB- n = 102 -RRB- , were older -LRB- median age , 66 years vs 51 years -RRB- , were more likely to have underlying comorbidities -LRB- 26 -LSB- 72.2 % -RSB- vs 38 -LSB- 37.3 % -RSB- -RRB- , and were more likely to have dyspnea -LRB- 23 -LSB- 63.9 % -RSB- vs 20 -LSB- 19.6 % -RSB- -RRB- , and anorexia -LRB- 24 -LSB- 66.7 % -RSB- vs 31 -LSB- 30.4 % -RSB- -RRB- . Of the 36 cases in the ICU , 4 -LRB- 11.1 % -RRB- received high-flow oxygen therapy , 15 -LRB- 41.7 % -RRB- received noninvasive ventilation , and 17 -LRB- 47.2 % -RRB- received invasive ventilation -LRB- 4 were switched to extracorporeal membrane oxygenation -RRB- . As of February 3 , 47 patients -LRB- 34.1 % -RRB- were discharged and 6 died -LRB- overall mortality , 4.3 % -RRB- , but the remaining patients are still hospitalized . Among those discharged alive -LRB- n = 47 -RRB- , the median hospital stay was 10 days -LRB- IQR , 7.0-14.0 -RRB- . In this single-center case series of 138 hospitalized patients with confirmed NCIP in Wuhan , China , presumed hospital-related transmission of 2019-nCoV was suspected in 41 % of patients , 26 % of patients received ICU care , and mortality was 4.3 % . Since early January 2020 , after the outbreak of coronavirus infection in Wuhan , China , ≈ 365 confirmed cases have been reported in Shenzhen , China . The mode of community and intrafamily transmission is threatening residents in Shenzhen . Receptor recognition by viruses is the first and essential step of viral infections of host cells . It is an important determinant of viral host range and cross-species infection and a primary target for antiviral intervention . Coronaviruses recognize a variety of host receptors , infect many hosts , and are health threats to humans and animals . The receptor-binding S1 subunit of coronavirus spike proteins contains two distinctive domains , the N-terminal domain -LRB- S1-NTD -RRB- and the C-terminal domain -LRB- S1-CTD -RRB- , both of which can function as receptor-binding domains -LRB- RBDs -RRB- . S1-NTDs and S1-CTDs from three major coronavirus genera recognize at least four protein receptors and three sugar receptors and demonstrate a complex receptor recognition pattern . For example , highly similar coronavirus S1-CTDs within the same genus can recognize different receptors , whereas very different coronavirus S1-CTDs from different genera can recognize the same receptor . Moreover , coronavirus S1-NTDs can recognize either protein or sugar receptors . Structural studies in the past decade have elucidated many of the puzzles associated with coronavirus-receptor interactions . This article reviews the latest knowledge on the receptor recognition mechanisms of coronaviruses and discusses how coronaviruses have evolved their complex receptor recognition pattern . It also summarizes important principles that govern receptor recognition by viruses in general . Coronaviruses are the causative agents of respiratory disease in humans and animals , including severe acute respiratory syndrome . Fusion of coronaviruses is generally thought to occur at neutral pH , although there is also evidence for a role of acidic endosomes during entry of a variety of coronaviruses . Therefore , the molecular
To discover if the neuropathology differs in head-injured patients who were in a vegetative state -LRB- VS -RRB- or were severely disabled at time of death . Review of 35 VS cases and 30 severely disabled cases treated in this institute in the acute stage , surviving at least a month ; all brains were fixed for 3 weeks before full neuropathologic examination . The severely disabled cases were older , had a higher incidence of skull fracture and of evacuated intracranial hematoma , and they had more cortical contusions . Diffuse axonal injury -LRB- DAI -RRB- was less common in the severely disabled cases , particularly its most severe grade . Structural damage in the thalamus was much less common in severely disabled cases . Half of the severely disabled patients had neither grade 2 or 3 DAI nor thalamic damage and 10 of these 15 cases did not have ischemic brain damage either . These combinations did not occur in a single VS case . However , some severely disabled cases had similar lesions to VS cases , and this included some patients who were in a minimally conscious state as well as some who were out of bed and mobile . Half the severely disabled cases had only focal brain damage , a feature not found in any VS cases . In the severely disabled patients with lesions similar to those of VS cases it is likely that a greater quantitative amount of damage occurred in the VS cases . The long term efficacy of zolpidem in the permanent vegetative state is described in three patients . Two motor vehicle accident patients and one near drowning patient , all of them in the permanent vegetative state for at least three years , were rated according to the Glasgow Coma and Rancho Los Amigos scale before and after zolpidem application . Long term response to daily application of this drug was monitored for 3-6 years . All patients were aroused transiently every morning after zolpidem . Glasgow Coma Scale scores ranged from 6-9/15 before to 10-15/15 after zolpidem . Rancho Los Amigos Cognitive scores ranged from I-II before to V-VII afterward .
We compared the accuracy , bias and trending ability of LiDCO ™ , PiCCO ™ and FloTrac ™ with PACs -LRB- COtd , CCO -RRB- to simultaneously track CO in a prospective observational study in 17 postoperative cardiac surgery patients for the first 4 hours following intensive care unit admission . Fifty-five paired simultaneous quadruple CO measurements were made before and after therapeutic interventions -LRB- volume , vasopressor/dilator , and inotrope -RRB- . The mean CO bias by each paired method was -0.18 -LRB- PAC-LiDCO -RRB- , 0.24 -LRB- PAC-PiCCO -RRB- , -0.43 -LRB- PAC-FloTrac -RRB- , 0.06 -LRB- LiDCO-PiCCO -RRB- , -0.63 -LRB- LiDCO-FloTrac -RRB- and -0.67 L/min -LRB- PiCCO-FloTrac -RRB- , with limits of agreement -LRB- 1.96 standard deviation , 95 % confidence interval -RRB- of ± 1.56 , ± 2.22 , ± 3.37 , ± 2.03 , ± 2.97 and ± 3.44 L/min , respectively . The instantaneous directional changes between any paired CO measurements displayed 74 % -LRB- PAC-LiDCO -RRB- , 72 % -LRB- PAC-PiCCO -RRB- , 59 % -LRB- PAC-FloTrac -RRB- , 70 % -LRB- LiDCO-PiCCO -RRB- , 71 % -LRB- LiDCO-FloTrac -RRB- and 63 % -LRB- PiCCO-FloTrac -RRB- concordance , but poor correlation -LRB- r -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0.36 , 0.11 , 0.08 , 0.20 , 0.23 and 0.11 , respectively -RRB- . For mean CO < 5 L/min measured by each paired devices , the bias decreased slightly . In the clinically relevant low CO range -LRB- < 5 L/min -RRB- , agreement improved slightly .
We wished to test if this effect is specific for the Kv1 .5 gene , if it is mediated by activation of glucocorticoid receptors , and whether it occurs in normal pituitary cells . Here we report that dexamethasone treatment of GH3 cells for 3 hours increases Kv1 .5 mRNA without affecting Kv1 .4 or Kv2 .1 K + channel mRNAs or D Ca2 + channel mRNA . Treatment with sex steroids fails to alter Kv1 .5 mRNA levels , while natural glucocorticoids increase expression of the channel mRNA . RU38486 , a competitive inhibitor of glucocorticoid receptors , inhibits the response to dexamethasone . We then tested whether Kv1 .5 mRNA is induced by dexamethasone in normal rat pituitary cells . To study in vivo effects , channel mRNA levels in pituitaries from adrenalectomized rats were measured with RNAse protection assays . One day following dexamethasone injection Kv1 .5 mRNA was increased 8-fold . Dexamethasone induction of Kv1 .5 mRNA was also found in primary cultured anterior pituitary cells . We conclude that activated glucocorticoid receptors specifically induce Kv1 .5 K + channel mRNA expression in normal and clonal anterior pituitary cells . In this prospective , randomized , blinded study , we assessed the analgesic efficacy of interscalene brachial plexus block -LRB- ISB -RRB- , suprascapular nerve block -LRB- SSB -RRB- , and intraarticular local anesthetic -LRB- IA -RRB- after arthroscopic acromioplasty . One-hundred-twenty patients were divided into 4 groups of 30 . In Group SSB , the block was performed with 10 mL of 0.25 % bupivacaine . In Group IA , 20 mL of 0.25 % bupivacaine was administered intraarticularly at the end of surgery . In Group ISB , the block was performed with 20 mL of 0.25 % bupivacaine . A control group was included for comparison . General anesthesia was administered to all patients . Patients were observed during the first 24 h. Pain scores , supplemental analgesia , satisfaction scores , and side effects were recorded at 4 and 24 h. No significant difference was observed between the IA and control groups . When compared with these groups , Groups SSB and ISB had significantly lower pain scores . At 4-h follow-up , better pain relief on movement was noted in Group ISB than in Group SSB . When compared with controls , a significant reduction in morphine consumption and a better satisfaction score were noted only in Group ISB . We conclude that ISB is the most efficient analgesic technique after arthroscopic acromioplasty . SSN block would be a clinically appropriate alternative . To employ a national database of Medicare patients to evaluate the association of ipsilateral intra-articular knee corticosteroid injections at the time of knee arthroscopy with the incidence of postoperative infection . A national Medicare insurance database was queried for patients who underwent ipsilateral intra-articular corticosteroid injection of the knee at the time of knee arthroscopy from 2005 to 2012 . Patients who underwent arthroscopically assisted open procedures , those who underwent more complex arthroscopic procedures , and those for whom laterality were not coded were excluded . This study group was compared to a control cohort of patients without intraoperative steroid injections that was matched to the study group for age , gender , obesity , diabetes mellitus , and smoking status . Infection rates within 3 and 6 months postoperatively were assessed using International Classification of Diseases , 9th Revision , and Current Procedural Terminology codes . The incidence of postoperative infection rates after knee arthroscopy was significantly higher at 3 months -LRB- 0.66 % ; odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- , 2.6 ; P < .0001 -RRB- and 6 months -LRB- 1.92 % ; OR , 3.6 ; P < .0001 -RRB- in patients who underwent ipsilateral intra-articular knee steroid injection at the time of knee arthroscopy -LRB- n = 2,866 -RRB- compared with matched controls without intraoperative injections -LRB- n = 170,350 -RRB- at 3 months -LRB- 0.25 % -RRB- and 6 months -LRB- 0.54 % -RRB- . The present study demonstrates a significant increase in postoperative infection in Medicare patients who underwent ipsilateral intra-articular knee corticosteroid injections at the time of knee arthroscopy compared with a matched control group without intraoperative injection . Therapeutic Level III , retrospective comparative study . To determine the efficacy of intra-articular corticosteroid injections for osteoarthritis of the knee and to identify numbers needed to treat . Cochrane controlled trials register , Medline -LRB- 1966 to 2003 -RRB- , Embase -LRB- 1980 to 2003 -RRB- , hand searches , and contact with authors . Randomised controlled trial in which the efficacy of intra-articular corticosteroid injections for osteoarthritis of the knee could be ascertained . In high quality studies , the pooled relative risk for improvement in symptoms of osteoarthritis of the knee at 16-24 weeks after intra-articular corticosteroid injections was 2.09 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval 1.2 to 3.7 -RRB- and the number needed to treat was 4.4 . The pooled relative risk for improvement up to two weeks after injections was 1.66 -LRB- 1.37 to 2.0 -RRB- . The numbers needed to treat to get one improvement in the statistically significant studies was 1.3 to 3.5 patients . Evidence supports short term -LRB- up to two weeks -RRB- improvement in symptoms of osteoarthritis of the knee after intra-articular corticosteroid injection . Significant improvement was also shown in the only methodologically sound studies addressing longer term response -LRB- 16-24 weeks -RRB- . A dose equivalent to 50 mg of prednisone may be needed to show benefit at 16-24 weeks . Patients with osteoarthritis of the knee are at risk for poorer outcomes after arthroscopic meniscectomy . Intra-articular corticosteroid injections have been shown to be efficacious both in patients with osteoarthritis and postarthroscopy patients . A postoperative , intra-articular methylprednisolone and lidocaine injection in patients with chondromalacia undergoing meniscectomy will improve patient-rated pain and function compared with control patients . Randomized , controlled trial ; Level of evidence , 1
We report the biodistribution and radiation dosimetry of an integrin αvβ3 specific PET tracer -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-AlF-NOTA-E -LSB- PEG4-c -LRB- RGDfk -RRB- -RSB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- denoted as -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II -RRB- . We also assessed the value of -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II in patients with brain metastases . A series of torso -LRB- from the skull to the thigh -RRB- static images were acquired in five healthy volunteers -LRB- 3 M , 2 F -RRB- at 5 , 10 , 15 , 30 , 45 , and 60 min after injection of -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II -LRB- 257 ± 48 MBq -RRB- . Regions of interest -LRB- ROIs -RRB- were drawn manually , and the time-activity curves -LRB- TACs -RRB- were obtained for major organs . Nine patients with brain metastases were examined by static PET imaging with -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG -LRB- 5.55 MBq/kg -RRB- and -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II . Injection of -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II was well tolerated in all healthy volunteers , with no serious tracer-related adverse events found . -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II showed rapid clearance from the blood pool and kidneys . The total effective dose equivalent -LRB- EDE -RRB- and effective dose -LRB- ED -RRB- were 0.0277 ± 0.003 mSv/MBq and 0.0198 ± 0.002 mSv/MBq , respectively . The organs with the highest absorbed dose were the kidneys and the spleen . Nine patients with 20 brain metastatic lesions identified by MRI and/or CT were enrolled in this study . All 20 brain lesions were visualized by -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II PET , while only ten lesions were visualized by -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG , and 13 by CT. . F-Alfatide II is a safe PET tracer with a favorable dosimetry profile . The observed ED suggests that -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II is feasible for human studies . -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II has potential value in finding brain metastases of different cancers as a biomarker of angiogenesis . We estimated the dosimetry of -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-alfatide II with the method established by MIRD based on biodistribution data of mice . Six mice -LRB- three females and three males -RRB- were scanned for 160 min on an Inveon MicroPET/CT scanner after injection of -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-alfatide II via tail vein . Eight source organs were delineated on the CT images and their residence times calculated . The data was then converted to human using scaling factors based on organ and body weight . The highest absorbed doses was observed in urinary bladder wall -LRB- male 0.102 mGy/MBq , female 0.147 mGy/MBq -RRB- ; and the lowest one was detected in brain -LRB- male 0.0030 mGy/MBq , female 0.0036 -RRB- . A 370-MBq injection of -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-alfatide II led to an estimated effective dose of 4.70 mSv for male and 6.14 mSv for female . The potential radiation burden associated with -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-alfatide II/PET imaging therefore is comparable to other PET examinations . This pilot prospective evaluation study is to verify the efficiency of -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II , a specific PET imaging agent for integrin αvβ3 , in detecting bone metastasis in human , with comparison to -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG PET . Thirty recruited patients underwent -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG and -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-alfatide II PET/CT successively within days . The final diagnosis of bone lesions was established based on the comprehensive assessment of all available data and clinical follow-up , which fall into four groups : osteolytic , osteoblastic , mixed and bone marrow . Visual analysis and quantification of SUVmax were performed to compare the detection sensitivity of -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II and -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG PET . Eleven patients were found to have a total of 126 bone metastasis lesions . -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II PET can detect the bone metastatic lesions with good contrast and higher sensitivity -LRB- positive rate of 92 % -RRB- than -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG PET -LRB- 77 % -RRB- . Especially , -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II PET showed superiority to -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG PET in detecting osteoblastic -LRB- 70 % vs. 53 % -RRB- and bone marrow metastatic lesions -LRB- 98 % vs. 77 % -RRB- . In conclusion , -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II PET/CT can be used to detect skeletal and bone marrow metastases , with nearly 100 % sensitivity in osteolytic , mixed and bone marrow lesions . The sensitivity of -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II PET/CT in osteoblastic metastases is relatively low but still significantly higher than that of -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG PET/CT . This pilot clinical study warrants the further application of -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-Alfatide II PET/CT in metastatic lesion detection , patient management and drug therapy response monitoring . A single dynamic PET acquisition using multiple tracers administered closely in time could provide valuable complementary information about a tumor 's status under quasiconstant conditions . This study aimed to investigate the utility of dual-tracer dynamic PET imaging with -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-alfatide II -LRB- -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-AlF-NOTA-E -LSB- PEG4-c -LRB- RGDfk -RRB- -RSB- 2 -RRB- and -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG for parametric monitoring of tumor responses to therapy . We administered doxorubicin to one group of athymic nude mice with U87MG tumors and paclitaxel protein-bound particles to another group of mice with MDA-MB-435 tumors . To monitor therapeutic responses , we performed dual-tracer dynamic imaging , in sessions that lasted 90 min , starting with injection via the tail vein catheters with -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-alfatide II , followed 40 min later by -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG . To achieve signal separation of the 2 tracers , we fit a 3-compartment reversible model to the time-activity curve of -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-alfatide II for the 40 min before -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG injection and then extrapolated to 90 min . The -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG tumor time-activity curve was isolated
A Phase II trial was developed to determine the efficacy and toxicity of intravenous vinorelbine , a semi-synthetic vinca alkaloid , in children , adolescent , and young adults with recurrent or refractory solid malignancies . Fifty patients were enrolled among three strata : soft tissue sarcomas -LSB- rhabdomyosarcoma -LRB- RMS -RRB- , non-rhabdomyosarcoma , primitive neuroepithelial tumor -RSB- -LRB- 20 patients -RRB- ; brain tumors -LSB- astrocytoma -LRB- 4 patients -RRB- , medulloblastoma -LRB- 2 patients -RRB- , other -LRB- 16 patients -RRB- -RSB- -LRB- 22 patients -RRB- ; neuroblastoma -LRB- 8 patients -RRB- . The response rate and toxicity profile was assessed . Among the first 35 patients treated at 33.75 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- / dose , 25 experienced grades 3-4 neutropenia -LRB- 75 % -RRB- . The dose was decreased to 30 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- / dose in the remaining 15 patients . The median age was 10 years -LRB- range , 1-25 -RRB- . Four responses -LRB- one complete , three partial -RRB- occurred within the soft tissue sarcoma strata -LRB- all with RMS -RRB- and two occurred in the brain tumor group -LRB- medulloblastoma and astrocytoma -RRB- . The most common toxicities were hematological and neurological .
Over 50 % of colorectal cancer -LRB- CRC -RRB- patients develop metastases . The aim of this study was to evaluate efficacy and tolerance of first-line FOLFIRI ® + bevacizumab -LRB- B -RRB- treatment for metastatic CRC , and to assess genetic polymorphisms as potential markers . Adult patients with histologically-proven , non-resectable metastatic CRC and ECOG ≤ 2 were included . 14-day cycles consisted of bevacizumab -LRB- 5 mg/kg -RRB- , irinotecan -LRB- 180 mg/m2 -RRB- , bolus FU -LRB- 400 mg/m2 -RRB- and leucovorin -LRB- 400 mg/m2 -RRB- , followed by 46-hour FU infusions -LRB- 2400 mg/m2 -RRB- . Primary endpoint was response rate according to RECIST criteria . Secondary endpoints were overall -LRB- OS -RRB- and progression-free -LRB- PFS -RRB- survivals , response duration , and toxicity . Associations between clinical data , UGT1A1 , thymidylate synthase , VEGFA polymorphisms and PFS , OS and toxicity were analyzed . Sixty-two patients were enrolled -LRB- median age 68y -RRB- . Grade 3/4 toxicities were as follows : neutropenia 16.1 % ; diarrhea 11.3 % ; nausea-vomiting 1.6 % . 11/59 initially unresectable patients were resectable after treatment . VEGFA polymorphism -LRB- rs25648 -RRB- was associated with better OS -LRB- HR : 3.61 ; 95 % CI : 1.57-8.30 -RRB- . FOLFIRI ® + bevacizumab is active with good response rate , long median OS , and a good safety profile . A VEGFA polymorphism might have a prognostic value in this malignancy . Clinicaltrials.gov : NCT00467142 -LRB- registration date : April 25 , 2007 -RRB- .
Women with breast cancer were randomized to receive coenzyme Q10 -LRB- CoQ10 -RRB- plus Vitamin E or placebo in a clinical trial . The objective of this evaluation is to examine the association between participant self-reported adherence to the study supplements and changes in plasma biomarker levels . Correlation coefficients quantified the association between changes in alpha-tocopherol and CoQ10 levels and the association between self-reported adherence and changes in biomarkers . Participants were categorized by self-reported adherence ; Kruskal - Wallis tests compared changes in alpha-tocopherol and CoQ10 levels between self-reported adherence groups . Women -LRB- N = 155 -RRB- provided baseline and post-treatment biomarkers ; 147 completed at least one diary . While changes in alpha-tocopherol and CoQ10 levels were moderately correlated , correlations ranged from 0.40 to 0.48 , association between self-reported adherence and plasma alpha-tocopherol or CoQ10 levels was weak ; correlations ranged from 0.10 to 0.29 at weeks 8 , 16 , and 24 . Some participants with high self-reported adherence actually had decreases in their biomarker levels . These findings support that self-reported adherence is likely to be overestimated . We performed a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled study of oral CoQ10 in female breast cancer patients with the primary objective of determining CoQ10 's effects on self-reported fatigue , depression , and quality of life -LRB- QOL -RRB- . Methods Eligible women with newly diagnosed breast cancer and planned adjuvant chemotherapy were randomized to oral supplements of 300 mg CoQ10 or placebo , each combined with 300 IU vitamin E , divided into 3 daily doses . Treatment was continued for 24 weeks . Blood tests , QOL measures , and levels of plasma CoQ10 and vitamin E were obtained at baseline and at 8 , 16 , and 24 weeks . Mixed-effects models were used to assess treatment differences in outcomes over time . Between September 2004 and March 2009 , 236 women were enrolled . Treatment arms were well balanced with respect to age -LRB- range , 28-85 years -RRB- , pathologic stage -LRB- stage 0 , 91 % ; stage 1 , 8 % ; stage II , 1 % -RRB- , ethnicity -LRB- white , 87 % ; black , 11 % ; Hispanic , 2 % -RRB- , and planned therapy . Baseline CoQ10 levels in the CoQ10 and placebo arms were 0.70 and 0.73 microg/mL , respectively ; the 24-week CoQ10 levels were 1.83 and 0.79 microg/mL , respectively . There were no significant differences between the CoQ10 and placebo arms at 24 weeks for scores on the Profile of Mood States-Fatigue questionnaire -LRB- least squares means , 7.08 vs 8.24 , P = .257 -RRB- , the Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy-Fatigue tool -LRB- 37.6 vs 37.6 , P = .965 -RRB- , the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-Breast Cancer instrument -LRB- 111.9 vs 110.4 , P = .577 -RRB- , or the Center for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression scale -LRB- 11.6 vs 12.3 , P = .632 -RRB- . Supplementation with conventional doses of CoQ10 led to sustained increases in plasma CoQ10 levels but did not result in improved self-reported fatigue or QOL after 24 weeks of treatment .
To calculate costs for the management of deep foot infections and to identify the most important factors related to treatment costs . Costs for in-hospital care , surgery , investigations , antibacterials , visits to the foot-care team , orthopaedic appliances and topical treatment were calculated retrospectively from diagnosis until healing or death . Multiple regression analysis was used to identify factors that independently affect costs . A multidisciplinary foot-care team . 220 prospectively followed patients with diabetes mellitus and deep foot infections who were referred to the team from 1986 to 1995 . Total cost for healing without amputation was Swedish kronor -LRB- SEK -RRB- 136,600 per patient , while the corresponding cost for healing with minor amputation was SEK260 ,000 and with major amputation was SEK234 ,500 . All costs were quoted in SEK at 1997 price levels -LRB- 1 Pound sterling and $ US1 equalled approximately SEK12 .50 and SEK7 .64 , respectively -RRB- . The cost of antibacterials was 4 % of total costs . The cost of topical treatment was 51 % of total costs and related to wound healing time . Number of weeks between diagnosis of deep foot infection and healing , and number of surgical procedures were variables that explained 95 % of costs in the multiple regression analysis . It was not possible to find any parameters present at diagnosis that could contribute to an explanation of total treatment costs . Topical treatment accounted for the largest proportion of total costs and the most important cost driving factors were wound healing duration and repeated surgery . Costs of antibacterials should not be used as an argument in the choice between early amputation and conservative treatment . Research has suggested that the additional impact of a diabetes-related amputation is associated with poorer physical functioning , poorer psychosocial outcome and greater body image disturbance . However , no study to date has compared patients with diabetes with and without amputation and adequately controlled for additional medical morbidity often found among individuals with an amputation . The aim of this study was to statistically control for any group differences on medical and demographic variables to examine the isolated psychosocial impact of diabetes-related amputation . Individuals with diabetes with an amputation -LRB- n = 50 -RRB- were compared to a control sample -LRB- individuals with diabetes without an amputation ; n = 240 -RRB- . All participants completed a demographic and medical questionnaire , as well as measures of psychological distress , quality of life and body image . The results indicated that , in univariate analyses , depression , physical quality of life and body image disturbance were all poorer in the amputee group . These differences remained for body image disturbance -LRB- P = 0.005 -RRB- , but were no longer significant for depression or physical quality of life in multivariate analyses controlling for important demographic and medical variables . The present study found that the impact of diabetes-related amputation was significant for body image disturbance . However , it appears that other psychosocial outcomes are better accounted for by medical co-morbidities common in this group rather than the amputation itself . This research certainly highlights that clinicians must assess for and address all potential medical contributors to psychosocial outcomes , rather than assuming that people will experience poorer outcomes following amputation . Ulceration of the foot in diabetes is common and disabling and frequently leads to amputation of the leg . Mortality is high and healed ulcers often recur . The pathogenesis of foot ulceration is complex , clinical presentation variable , and management requires early expert assessment . Interventions should be directed at infection , peripheral ischaemia , and abnormal pressure loading caused by peripheral neuropathy and limited joint mobility . Despite treatment , ulcers readily become chronic wounds . Diabetic foot ulcers have been neglected in health-care research and planning , and clinical practice is based more on opinion than scientific fact . Furthermore , the pathological processes are poorly understood and poorly taught and communication between the many specialties involved is disjointed and insensitive to the needs of patients . <b> Significance : </b> Impaired cutaneous wound healing is a major health concern . Obesity has been shown in a number of studies to impair wound healing , and chronic nonhealing wounds in obesity and diabetes are a major cause of limb amputations in the United States . <b> Recent Advances : </b> Recent evidence indicates that aberrant wound site inflammation may be an underlying cause for delayed healing . Obesity , diabetes , and other conditions such as stress and aging can result in a chronic low-level inflammatory state , thereby potentially affecting wound healing negatively . <b> Critical Issues : </b> Interventions which can speed the healing rate in individuals with slowly healing or nonhealing wounds are of critical importance . Recently , physical exercise training has been shown to speed healing in both aged and obese mice and in older adults . Exercise is a relatively low-cost intervention strategy which may be able to be used clinically to prevent or treat impairments in the wound-healing process . <b> Future Directions : </b> Little is known about the mechanisms by which exercise speeds healing . Future translational studies should address potential mechanisms for these exercise effects . Additionally , clinical studies in obese humans are necessary to determine if findings in obese rodent models translate to the human population . Amputations were identified from the hospital administrative system , diabetes status by linkage with the Danish National Diabetes Register , and mortality and population data by extraction from Statistics Denmark . Amputation rates were analysed using proportional hazard models . We analysed the incidence of the first amputation at each level as well as the incidence of further amputations , subdivided by level of amputation . During the period 1996-2011 , a total of 2,832 amputations were performed , of which 1,285 were among patients with diabetes
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis -LRB- ALS -RRB- is a relentlessly progressive neurodegenerative disease of motor neurons , resulting in worsening weakness of voluntary muscles until death from respiratory failure occurs after about 3 years . Although great advances have been made in our understanding of the genetic causes of ALS , the contribution of environmental factors has been more difficult to assess . Large-scale studies of the clinical patterns of ALS , individual histories preceding the onset of ALS , and the rates of ALS in different populations and groups have led to improved patient care , but have not yet revealed a replicable , definitive environmental risk factor . In this Review , we outline what is currently known of the environmental and genetic epidemiology of ALS , describe the current state of the art with respect to the different types of ALS , and explore whether ALS should be considered a single disease or a syndrome . We examine the relationship between genetic and environmental risk factors , and propose a disease model in which ALS is considered to be the result of environmental risks and time acting on a pre-existing genetic load , followed by an automatic , self-perpetuating decline to death . Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis -LRB- ALS -RRB- is relatively rare , yet the economic and social burden is substantial . Having accurate incidence and prevalence estimates would facilitate efficient allocation of healthcare resources . To provide a comprehensive and critical review of the epidemiological literature on ALS . MEDLINE and EMBASE -LRB- 1995-2011 -RRB- databases of population-based studies on ALS incidence and prevalence reporting quantitative data were analyzed . Data extracted included study location and time , design and data sources , case ascertainment methods and incidence and/or prevalence rates . Medians and interquartile ranges -LRB- IQRs -RRB- were calculated , and ALS case estimates were derived using 2010 population estimates . In all , 37 articles met the inclusion criteria . In Europe , the median incidence rate -LRB- / 100,000 population -RRB- was 2.08 -LRB- IQR 1.47-2.43 -RRB- , corresponding to an estimated 15,355 -LRB- 10,852-17,938 -RRB- cases . Median prevalence -LRB- / 100,000 population -RRB- was 5.40 -LRB- IQR 4.06-7.89 -RRB- , or 39,863 -LRB- 29,971-58,244 -RRB- prevalent cases . Disparity in rates among ALS incidence and prevalence studies may be due to differences in study design or true variations in population demographics such as age and geography , including environmental factors and genetic predisposition . Additional large-scale studies that use standardized case ascertainment methods are needed to more accurately assess the true global burden of ALS . Riluzole is approved for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in most countries . Questions persist about its clinical utility because of high cost and modest efficacy . To examine the efficacy of riluzole in prolonging survival and in delaying the use of surrogates -LRB- tracheostomy and mechanical ventilation -RRB- to sustain survival , and to assess the effect of riluzole upon functional health . We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group Specialized Register -LRB- 20 April 2011 -RRB- , the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials -LRB- CENTRAL -RRB- -LRB- 2011 , Issue 2 -RRB- , MEDLINE -LRB- 1966 to April 2011 -RRB- , EMBASE -LRB- 1980 to May 2011 -RRB- and made enquiries of authors of trials , Aventis -LRB- manufacturer of riluzole -RRB- and other experts in the field . Types of studies : randomized controlled trials adults with a diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis Types of interventions : treatment with riluzole or placebo Types of outcome measures : Primary : pooled hazard ratio of tracheostomy-free survival over all time points with riluzole 100 mg . Secondary : per cent mortality with riluzole 50 mg , 100 mg and 200 mg ; neurologic function , muscle strength and adverse events . One author performed data extraction and two other authors checked them . One author checked the data and entered them into the computer . The other authors verified the data entry . We obtained missing data from the trial authors whenever possible . The four trials examining tracheostomy-free survival included a total of 974 riluzole-treated patients and 503 placebo-treated patients . No new randomized controlled trials were found when we updated the searches for this update in 2011 . The methodological quality was acceptable and three trials were easily comparable , although one trial -LRB- 169 participants -RRB- included older patients in more advanced stages of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and one -LRB- 195 participants -RRB- had multiple primary endpoints . Riluzole 100 mg per day provided a benefit for the homogeneous group of patients in the first two trials -LRB- hazard ratio -LRB- HR -RRB- 0.80 , 95 % confidence internal -LRB- CI -RRB- 0.64 to 0.99 , P = 0.042 -RRB- and there was no evidence of heterogeneity -LRB- P = 0.33 -RRB- . When the third trial -LRB- which included older and more seriously affected patients -RRB- was added , there was evidence of heterogeneity -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- and the overall treatment effect was reduced but still significant -LRB- HR 0.84 , 95 % CI 0.698 to 0.997 , P = 0.046 -RRB- . This represented a 9 % gain in the probability of surviving one year -LRB- 49 % in the placebo and 58 % in the riluzole group -RRB- , and increased median survival from 11.8 to 14.8 months . There was a small beneficial effect on both bulbar and limb function , but not on muscle strength . A three-fold increase in serum alanine transferase was more frequent in riluzole-treated patients than controls -LRB- mean difference 2.62 , 95 % CI 1.59 to 4.31 -RRB- . Riluzole 100 mg daily is reasonably safe and probably prolongs median survival by about two to three months in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . Dominant mutations in superoxide dismutase cause amyotrophic lateral sclerosis -LRB- ALS -RRB- , a progressive paralytic disease characterized by loss of motor neurons
Brief intervention programs are clinically beneficial , and cost efficient treatments for low back pain , when offered at 8-12 weeks , compared with treatment as usual . However , about 30 % of the patients do not return to work . The European Guidelines for treatment of chronic low back pain recommends Cognitive Behavioral Therapy -LRB- CBT -RRB- , but conclude that further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of CBT for chronic low back pain . The aim of the multicenter CINS trial -LRB- Cognitive Interventions and Nutritional Supplements -RRB- is to compare the effectiveness of 4 different interventions ; Brief Intervention , Brief Intervention and CBT , Brief Intervention and nutritional supplements of seal oil , and Brief Intervention and nutritional supplements of soy oil . All participants will be randomly assigned to the interventions . The nutritional supplements will be tested in a double blind design . 400 patients will be recruited from a population of chronic low back pain patients that have been sick listed for 2-10 months . Four outpatient clinics , located in different parts of Norway , will participate in recruitment and treatment of the patients.The Brief Intervention is a one session cognitive , clinical examination program based on a non-injury model , where return to normal activity and work is the main goal , and is followed by two booster sessions . The CBT is a tailored treatment involving 7 sessions , following a detailed manual . The nutritional supplements consist of a dosage of 10 grams of either soy or seal oil -LRB- capsules -RRB- per day for 3 months , administered in a double blind design . All patients will be followed up with questionnaires after 3 , 6 and 12 months , while sick leave data will be collected up to at least 24 months after randomization . The primary outcome of the study is sick leave and will be based on register data from the National Insurance Administration . Secondary outcomes include self-reported data on disability , pain , and psychological variables . To our knowledge , the CINS trial will be the largest , randomized trial of psychological and nutritional interventions for chronic low back pain patients to date . It will provide important information regarding the effectiveness of CBT and seal oil for chronic low back pain patients . http://www.clinicaltrials.gov , with registration number NCT00463970 . Dysregulation of hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal-activity has been associated with low back pain -LRB- LBP -RRB- . The underlying mechanisms are not fully explained , but psychological mechanisms are considered important . In this study we examine the association between psychiatric disorders/symptoms measured with different instruments , and cortisol in a population with LBP . Participants -LRB- n = 305 -RRB- sick-listed 2-10 months due to non-specific LBP were included in the study . The screening instruments were the MINI-interview , HADS and HSCL-25 . Saliva cortisol were measured on 2 consecutive days ; at awakening , 30 min later , at 15:00 h and 22:00 h. Results showed no associations between any of the main diagnostic categories from the MINI-interview , or anxiety/depression measured with HADS or HSCL-25 and cortisol . However , significant associations were found between low cortisol awakening response , low cortisol slope during the day and the somatization scale from HSCL-25 -LRB- dizziness or lack of energy , lack of sexual interest , the feeling that everything requires substantial efforts , difficulties to fall asleep , headache -RRB- . The results indicate that cortisol , may not be directly associated with psychopathology , such as anxiety and depression , but instead are associated with one dimension of the psychopathology , namely lack of energy . This could help explain the inconsistency in the literature , and it should be explored further . A randomized controlled trial . The aim of this study was to evaluate whether a tailored and manualized cognitive behavior therapy -LRB- CBT -RRB- or nutritional supplements of seal oil and soy oil had any additional benefits over a brief cognitive intervention -LRB- BI -RRB- on return to work -LRB- RTW -RRB- . Brief intervention programs are clinically beneficial and cost-effective for patients with low back pain -LRB- LBP -RRB- . CBT is recommended for LBP , but evidence on RTW is lacking . Seal oil has previously been shown to have a possible effect on muscle pain , but no randomized controlled trials have so far been carried out in LBP patients . Four hundred thirteen adults aged 18 to 60 years were included . Participants were sick-listed 2 to 10 months due to LBP . Main outcome was objectively ascertained work participation at 12-month follow-up . Participants were randomly assigned to BI -LRB- n = 100 -RRB- , BI and CBT -LRB- n = 103 -RRB- , BI and seal oil -LRB- n = 105 -RRB- , or BI and soy oil -LRB- n = 105 -RRB- . BI is a two-session cognitive , clinical examination program followed by two booster sessions , while the CBT program is a tailored , individual , seven-session manual-based treatment . There were no significant differences between the treatment groups at any of the other follow-up assessments either , except for a significantly lower sick leave rate in the BI group than the other groups during the first 3 months of follow-up -LRB- χ = 9.50 , P = 0.02 -RRB- . CBT and seal oil had no additional benefits over a brief cognitive intervention on sick leave . The brief cognitive intervention alone was superior in facilitating a fast RTW . 2 .
Data on the effect of initial combination therapy with ambrisentan and tadalafil on long-term outcomes in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension are scarce . In this event-driven , double-blind study , we randomly assigned , in a 2:1:1 ratio , participants with World Health Organization functional class II or III symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension who had not previously received treatment to receive initial combination therapy with 10 mg of ambrisentan plus 40 mg of tadalafil -LRB- combination-therapy group -RRB- , 10 mg of ambrisentan plus placebo -LRB- ambrisentan-monotherapy group -RRB- , or 40 mg of tadalafil plus placebo -LRB- tadalafil-monotherapy group -RRB- , all administered once daily . The primary end point in a time-to-event analysis was the first event of clinical failure , which was defined as the first occurrence of a composite of death , hospitalization for worsening pulmonary arterial hypertension , disease progression , or unsatisfactory long-term clinical response . The primary analysis included 500 participants ; 253 were assigned to the combination-therapy group , 126 to the ambrisentan-monotherapy group , and 121 to the tadalafil-monotherapy group . A primary end-point event occurred in 18 % , 34 % , and 28 % of the participants in these groups , respectively , and in 31 % of the pooled-monotherapy group -LRB- the two monotherapy groups combined -RRB- . The hazard ratio for the primary end point in the combination-therapy group versus the pooled-monotherapy group was 0.50 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 0.35 to 0.72 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . Among participants with pulmonary arterial hypertension who had not received previous treatment , initial combination therapy with ambrisentan and tadalafil resulted in a significantly lower risk of clinical-failure events than the risk with ambrisentan or tadalafil monotherapy . -LRB- Funded by Gilead Sciences and GlaxoSmithKline ; AMBITION ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT01178073 . -RRB- . The safety and efficacy of adding bosentan to sildenafil in pulmonary arterial hypertension -LRB- PAH -RRB- patients was investigated.In this prospective , double-blind , event-driven trial , symptomatic PAH patients receiving stable sildenafil -LRB- ≥ 20 mg three times daily -RRB- for ≥ 3 months were randomised -LRB- 1:1 -RRB- to placebo or bosentan -LRB- 125 mg twice daily -RRB- . The composite primary end-point was the time to the first morbidity/mortality event , defined as all-cause death , hospitalisation for PAH worsening or intravenous prostanoid initiation , atrial septostomy , lung transplant , or PAH worsening . Secondary/exploratory end-points included change in 6-min walk distance and World Health Organization functional class at 16 weeks , change in N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide -LRB- NT-proBNP -RRB- over time , and all-cause death.Overall , 334 PAH patients were randomised to placebo -LRB- n = 175 -RRB- or bosentan -LRB- n = 159 -RRB- . A primary end-point event occurred in 51.4 % of patients randomised to placebo and 42.8 % to bosentan -LRB- hazard ratio 0.83 , 97.31 % CI 0.58-1.19 ; p = 0.2508 -RRB- . The mean between-treatment difference in 6-min walk distance at 16 weeks was +21.8 m -LRB- 95 % CI +5.9-37.8 m ; p = 0.0106 -RRB- . Except for NT-proBNP , no difference was observed for any other end-point . The safety profile of bosentan added to sildenafil was consistent with the known bosentan safety profile.In COMPASS-2 , adding bosentan to stable sildenafil therapy was not superior to sildenafil monotherapy in delaying the time to the first morbidity/mortality event .
Enhancer of zeste homolog 2 -LRB- EZH2 -RRB- activity is dysregulated in many cancers . This phase I study determined the safety , maximum-tolerated dose -LRB- MTD -RRB- , pharmacokinetics , and pharmacodynamics of the intravenously administered , highly selective EZH2 inhibitor , GSK2816126 , -LRB- NCT02082977 -RRB- . Doses of GSK2816126 ranged from 50 to 3,000 mg twice weekly , and GSK2816126 was given 3-weeks-on/1-week-off in 28-day cycles . Eligible patients had solid tumors or B-cell lymphomas with no available standard treatment regimen . Forty-one patients -LRB- 21 solid tumors , 20 lymphoma -RRB- received treatment . All patients experienced ≥ 1 adverse event -LRB- AE -RRB- . Fatigue -LSB- 22 of 41 -LRB- 53.7 % -RRB- -RSB- and nausea -LSB- 20 of 41 -LRB- 48.8 % -RRB- -RSB- were the most common toxicity . Twelve -LRB- 32 % -RRB- patients experienced a serious AE . Dose-limiting elevated liver transaminases occurred in 2 of 7 patients receiving 3,000 mg of GSK2816126 ; 2,400 mg was therefore established as the MTD . No change from baseline in H3K27me3 was seen in peripheral blood mononuclear cells . Fourteen of 41 -LRB- 34 % -RRB- patients had radiological best response of stable disease , 1 patient with lymphoma achieved a partial response , 21 of 41 -LRB- 51 % -RRB- patients had progressive disease , and 5 patients were unevaluable for antitumor response . The MTD of GSK2816126 was established at 2,400 mg , but the dosing method and relatively short half-life limited effective exposure , and modest anticancer activity was observed at tolerable doses .
The aim of this study was to determine whether glutamine supplementation affects blood glucose by enhancing S <sub> I </sub> in adolescents with T1D . Thirteen adolescents with T1D -LRB- HbA1C 8.2 ± 0.1 % -RRB- were admitted to perform afternoon exercise -LRB- four 15-min treadmill/5-min rest cycles of exercise -RRB- on two occasions within a 4-wk period . They were randomized to receive a drink containing either glutamine -LRB- 0.25 g/kg -RRB- or placebo before exercise , at bedtime , and early morning in a double-blind , crossover design . Blood glucose was monitored overnight , and a hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp was performed the following morning . During clamp , glucose infusion rate was not affected by glutamine supplementation -LRB- 7.7 ± 1 mg • kg <sup> -1 </sup> • min <sup> -1 </sup> versus 7.0 ± 1 ; glutamine versus placebo ; P = 0.4 -RRB- . Oral glutamine supplementation decreases blood glucose in adolescents with T1D after exercise . Insulin sensitivity , however , was unaltered during the euglycemic clamp . Although the mechanisms involved remain to be elucidated , studies to explore the potential use of glutamine to improve blood glucose control are needed .
Seventy-four MFS patients and thirty-six healthy controls were examined . In the MFS group , grades 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 were present in 15 , 24 , 17 , and 7 patients , respectively , whereas 11 patients in this group did not present ectopia lentis . In the control group , grades 0 and 1 were observed in 30 and 6 individuals , respectively . Sensitivity to ectopia lentis of at least grade 2 was 64.9 % , with 100 % specificity , whereas sensitivity to ectopia lentis of at least grade 1 was 85.1 % , with 83.3 % specificity . The positive predictive value of ectopia lentis that was greater than or equal to grade 2 was 100 % , whereas that of ectopia lentis greater than or equal to grade 1 was 91.3 % . High positive predictive values s were found to be associated with grades 2 and higher of the five-grade classification of ectopia lentis .
Development of safe and effective therapies for paediatric abdominal pain-related functional gastrointestinal disorders is needed . A non-invasive , US Food and Drug Administration-cleared device -LRB- Neuro-Stim , Innovative Health Solutions , IN , USA -RRB- delivers percutaneous electrical nerve field stimulation -LRB- PENFS -RRB- in the external ear to modulate central pain pathways . In this study , we evaluated the efficacy of PENFS in adolescents with abdominal pain-related functional gastrointestinal disorders . In this randomised , sham-controlled trial , we enrolled adolescents -LRB- aged 11-18 years -RRB- who met Rome III criteria for abdominal pain-related functional gastrointestinal disorders from a single US outpatient gastroenterology clinic . Patients were randomly assigned -LRB- 1:1 -RRB- with a computer-generated randomisation scheme to active treatment or sham -LRB- no electrical charge -RRB- for 4 weeks . Patients were stratified by sex and presence or absence of nausea . Allocation was concealed from participants , caregivers , and the research team . We measured improvement in worst abdominal pain and composite pain score using the Pain Frequency-Severity-Duration -LRB- PFSD -RRB- scale . Participants with less than 1 week of data and those with organic disease identified after enrolment were excluded from the modified intention-to-treat population . This trial has been completed and is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT02367729 . Between June 18 , 2015 , and Nov 17 , 2016 , 115 children with abdominal pain-related functional gastrointestinal disorders were enrolled and assigned to either PENFS -LRB- n = 60 -RRB- with an active device or sham -LRB- n = 55 -RRB- . After exclusion of patients who discontinued treatment -LRB- n = 1 in the PENFS group ; n = 7 in the sham group -RRB- and those who were excluded after randomisation because they had organic disease -LRB- n = 2 in the PENFS group ; n = 1 in the sham group -RRB- , 57 patients in the PENFS group and 47 patients in the sham group were included in the primary analysis . Effects were sustained for an extended period -LRB- median follow-up 9 · 2 weeks -LSB- IQR 6 · 4-13 · 4 -RSB- -RRB- in the PENFS group : median 8 · 0 -LRB- IQR 7 · 0-9 · 0 -RRB- at baseline to 6 · 0 -LRB- 5 · 0-8 · 0 -RRB- at follow-up versus sham : 7 · 5 -LRB- 6 · 0-9 · 0 -RRB- at baseline to 7 · 0 -LRB- 5 · 0-8 · 0 -RRB- at follow-up -LRB- p < 0 · 0001 -RRB- . Median PFSD composite scores also decreased significantly in the PENFS group -LRB- from 24 · 5 -LSB- IQR 16 · 8-33.3 -RSB- to 8 · 4 -LSB- 3 · 2-16 · 2 -RSB- -RRB- compared with sham -LRB- from 22 · 8 -LSB- IQR 8 · 4-38 · 2 -RSB- to 15 · 2 -LSB- 4 · 4-36 · 8 -RSB- -RRB- with a mean decrease of 11 · 48 -LRB- 95 % CI 6 · 63-16 · 32 ; p < 0 · 0001 -RRB- after 3 weeks . These effects were sustained at extended follow-up in the PENFS group : median 24 · 5 -LRB- IQR 16 · 8-33 · 3 -RRB- at baseline to 12 -LRB- 3 · 6-22 · 5 -RRB- at follow-up , compared with sham : 22 · 8 -LRB- 8 · 4-38 · 2 -RRB- at baseline to 16 · 8 -LRB- 4 · 8-33 · 6 -RRB- at follow-up -LRB- p = 0 · 018 -RRB- . Ten patients reported side-effects -LRB- three of whom discontinued the study -RRB- : ear discomfort -LRB- n = 6 ; three in the PENFS group , three in the sham group -RRB- , adhesive allergy -LRB- n = 3 ; one in the PENFS group , two in the sham group -RRB- , and syncope due to needle phobia -LRB- n = 1 ; in the sham group -RRB- . There were no serious adverse events . Our results show that PENFS with Neuro-Stim has sustained efficacy for abdominal pain-related functional gastrointestinal disorders in adolescents . This safe and effective approach expands treatment options and should be considered as a non-pharmacological alternative for these disorders . American Neurogastroenterology and Motility Society .
The doubly labeled water method is the first method that accurately measures total daily energy expenditure in free-living subjects over periods of days to weeks . Validations have indicated that the method can be performed with a coefficient of variation of between 3 % and 5 % . This precision , however , is dependent on the quality of the isotopic analyses . A recent interlaboratory comparison has indicated that there is a wide variation in the accuracy and precision with which deuterium and 18O enrichments are measured . This reduces the accuracy and precision with which a laboratory will perform the doubly labeled water method and in some cases may limit the application of this technique . Herein we review the analytical requirements for optimal use of the method and some of the potential sources of error in the stable isotope analysis . This paper reviews the assumptions involved in calculating rates of carbohydrate and fat oxidation from measurements of O2 consumption , CO2 production , and urinary nitrogen excretion . It is shown that erroneous results are obtained in the presence of metabolic processes such as lipogenesis and gluconeogenesis . The apparent rates calculated under these conditions can , however , be interpreted as net rates of `` utilization . '' Thus the apparent rate of carbohydrate oxidation is the sum of the rates of utilization for oxidation and for lipogenesis minus the rate at which carbohydrate is formed from amino acids . The apparent rate of fat oxidation is the difference between the rates of oxidation and synthesis from carbohydrate , so that the apparently negative rates encountered in patients infused with glucose do quantitatively represent net rates of synthesis . Other processes such as synthesis of ketone bodies or lactate at rates greater than their utilization can also disturb the calculations , but the magnitude of the effect can be estimated from appropriate measurements . Methods of correcting the observed gaseous exchange in these circumstances are given . An alternative form of nutrition therapy for patients with short bowel syndrome -LRB- SBS -RRB- who do not have home parenteral nutrition -LRB- PN -RRB- available is the administration of the PN cycle during regular hospital admissions and oral vitamin supplement at home . The aim of this study was to evaluate serum levels of folic acid and vitamins A , B -LRB- 12 -RRB- , C , and E before and after the PN cycle in patients with SBS . This research was conducted with 10 patients with SBS -LRB- less than 15 minutes of total barium transit time -RRB- who were receiving the PN cycle and oral vitamin supplement at home . Patients were evaluated regarding total food ingestion and oral vitamin supplement intake . Serum levels of vitamins were evaluated immediately after the end of each PN cycle -LRB- phase 1 -RRB- and before the beginning of the next PN cycle -LRB- phase 2 -RRB- . Patients ' nutrient ingestion was in accordance with recommendations for healthy individuals . Regarding the oral vitamin supplement intake , 20 % of the patients presented low adherence . Although all patients had a normal serum level of folic acid and vitamin B -LRB- 12 -RRB- , PN vitamin infusion during hospitalization and home oral vitamin supplement were not enough to make the serum levels of vitamins A , C , and E achieve normal values . This study documented that patients did not receive an adequate administration of oral vitamin supplements of vitamins A , C , and E through PN . More studies need to be conducted investigating higher doses of vitamin administration -LRB- oral or intravenous administration -RRB- , assessing differences between water and liposoluble supplements . As is the case in all areas of gastroenterology and hepatology , in 2009 and 2010 there were many advances in our knowledge and understanding of small intestinal diseases . Over 1000 publications were reviewed , and the important advances in basic science as well as clinical applications were considered . In Part II we review six topics : absorption , short bowel syndrome , smooth muscle function and intestinal motility , tumors , diagnostic imaging , and cystic fibrosis . Intestinal failure defined by the minimal energy and wet weight absorption required to avoid home parenteral nutrition -LRB- HPN -RRB- is not well described . In the non-HPN patients , the lower 5 % confidence interval of the absorption of energy was 84 % of the basal metabolic rate -LRB- BMR , the Harris-Benedict equations -RRB- , equivalent to 4.9 MJ/day . Wet weight absorption was 1.4 kg/day . The HPN patients absorbed less of either or both . The non-HPN patients absorbed 24-86 % -LRB- range -RRB- of the energy and 23-95 % of the wet weight . Absorption in the HPN patients ranged from below 0 % -LRB- net secretion -RRB- in patients with very short bowels to 100 % absorption of an insufficient oral intake in patients with pseudo-obstruction . Non-HPN patients who absorbed less than half of their intake avoided HPN by hyperphagia -LRB- 200-400 % of BMR equivalent to 10-24 MJ/day , and 3-7 kg/day of wet weight -RRB- . Intestinal failure was accurately measured as absorption below 1.4 kg/day of wet weight and 84 % of the calculated BMR -LRB- depending on weight , sex and age -RRB- , which is equal to 4.9 MJ/day . Intestinal absorption , expressed as a percentage of intake , did not discriminate between patients with and without intestinal failure , except for patients who absorbed less than 25 % of their intake . The doubly labeled water method is a form of indirect calorimetry that has been developed only recently to the stage of application to human studies . The method measures integral CO2 production for up to 3 wk from the difference in elimination rates of deuterium and 18O from labeled body water . Validations against near-continuous respiratory gas exchange have demonstrated that the
Temozolomide 's inhibition of AGT may sensitize leukemia cells to the novel alkylator laromustine . We conducted a phase I translational study to evaluate the toxicities and estimate the maximum tolerated dose -LRB- MTD -RRB- of laromustine when administered with temozolomide -LRB- TMZ -RRB- in patients with hematologic malignancies . Once the target TMZ dose was identified , the laromustine dose was escalated . A total of 35 patients with relapsed/refractory leukemia were treated . Treatment with TMZ 300 mg for 5 doses resulted in > 90 % depletion of AGT levels in 5 of 6 patients . The MTD of the combination was established at TMZ 1500 mg and laromustine 300 mg/m2 . Three of the 7 patients assayed from cohort 1 achieved > 90 % depletion of AGT activity -LRB- range , 77 % -100 % depletion ; median , 88 % -RRB- . Five of 6 patients enrolled in cohort 2 achieved > 90 % depletion of AGT activity -LRB- range , 92 % -100 % depletion ; median , 93.5 % -RRB- . This established that the 300-mg dose of TMZ -LRB- 1500 mg total -RRB- would be maintained in subsequent cohorts . The majority of adverse events were primarily hematologic , with infectious and pulmonary complications also noted . Three -LRB- 9 % -RRB- of the patients with previous refractory disease achieved a complete remission , and 5 -LRB- 14 % -RRB- of the patients achieved a morphologic , leukemia-free , but persistent hypocellular bone marrow status . Laromustine in combination with TMZ is tolerable and manageable at doses that predictably suppress AGT . Reliable TMZ-induced inhibition of AGT was observed in doses that are clinically tolerable . Evidence of antitumor effect was observed with this combination , suggesting that further efficacy studies should be performed .
Vancomycin-resistant enterococci -LRB- VRE -RRB- are endemic in health care settings . These organisms colonize the gastrointestinal tract and can lead to infection which is associated with increased mortality . There is no treatment for VRE colonization . We conducted a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled clinical trial to examine the safety and efficacy of administration of the probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG -LRB- LGG -RRB- for the reduction or elimination of intestinal colonization by VRE . Colonized adults were randomized to receive LGG or placebo for 14 days . Quantitative stool cultures for LGG and VRE were collected at baseline and days 7 , 14 , 21 , 28 , and 56 . Patients were closely monitored for adverse events . Eleven subjects , of whom 5 received LGG and 6 received placebo , were analyzed . No differences in VRE colony counts were seen at any time points between groups . No decline in colony counts was seen over time in subjects who received LGG . LGG was detected by PCR in all samples tested from subjects who received LGG but was only isolated in culture from 2 of 5 subjects in the LGG group . No treatment-related adverse events were seen . We demonstrated that LGG could be administered safely to patients with comorbidities and is recoverable in some patients ' stool cultures . Concomitant administration of antibiotics may have resulted in an inability to recover viable organisms from stool samples , but LGG DNA could still be detected by qPCR . -LRB- This study was registered at Clinicaltrials.gov under registration no . NCT00756262 . -RRB- .
We judged it unlikely that patient preferences were driving the decision to obtain stress testing . The Chest Pain Choice trial was a prospective randomized evaluation involving 204 patients who were randomized to a decision aid or usual care and were followed for 30 days . The decision aid included a 100-person pictograph depicting the pretest probability of acute coronary syndrome and available management options -LRB- observation unit admission and stress testing or 24-72 hours outpatient follow-up -RRB- . The primary outcome was patient knowledge measured by an immediate postvisit survey . Compared with usual care patients -LRB- n = 103 -RRB- , decision aid patients -LRB- n = 101 -RRB- had significantly greater knowledge -LRB- 3.6 versus 3.0 questions correct ; mean difference , 0.67 ; 95 % CI , 0.34-1.0 -RRB- , were more engaged in decision making as indicated by higher OPTION -LRB- observing patient involvement -RRB- scores -LRB- 26.6 versus 7.0 ; mean difference , 19.6 ; 95 % CI , 1.6-21.6 -RRB- , and decided less frequently to be admitted to the observation unit for stress testing -LRB- 58 % versus 77 % ; absolute difference , 19 % ; 95 % CI , 6 % -31 % -RRB- . There were no major adverse cardiac events after discharge in either group . Use of a decision aid in patients with chest pain increased knowledge and engagement in decision making and decreased the rate of observation unit admission for stress testing . Chest pain is the second most common reason patients visit emergency departments -LRB- EDs -RRB- and often results in very low-risk patients being admitted for prolonged observation and advanced cardiac testing . Shared decision-making , including educating patients regarding their 45-day risk for acute coronary syndrome -LRB- ACS -RRB- and management options , might safely decrease healthcare utilization . Adults presenting to five geographically and ethnically diverse EDs who are being considered for admission for observation and advanced cardiac testing will be eligible for enrollment . We will measure the effect of CPC on -LRB- 1 -RRB- patient knowledge regarding their 45-day risk for ACS and the available management options -LRB- primary outcome -RRB- ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- patient engagement in the decision-making process ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the degree of conflict patients experience related to feeling uninformed -LRB- decisional conflict -RRB- ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- patient and clinician satisfaction with the decision made ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- the rate of major adverse cardiac events at 30 days ; -LRB- 6 -RRB- the proportion of patients admitted for advanced cardiac testing ; and -LRB- 7 -RRB- healthcare utilization . To assess these outcomes , we will administer patient and clinician surveys immediately after each clinical encounter , obtain video recordings of the patient-clinician discussion , administer a patient healthcare utilization diary , analyze hospital billing records , review the electronic medical record , and conduct telephone follow-up . This multicenter trial will robustly assess the effectiveness of a decision aid on patient-centered outcomes , safety , and healthcare utilization in low-risk chest pain patients from a variety of geographically and ethnically diverse EDs . NCT01969240 .
Most cases of hepatocellular carcinoma occur in the Asia-Pacific region , where chronic hepatitis B infection is an important aetiological factor . Assessing the efficacy and safety of new therapeutic options in an Asia-Pacific population is thus important . We did a multinational phase III , randomised , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial to assess the efficacy and safety of sorafenib in patients from the Asia-Pacific region with advanced -LRB- unresectable or metastatic -RRB- hepatocellular carcinoma . Between Sept 20 , 2005 , and Jan 31 , 2007 , patients with hepatocellular carcinoma who had not received previous systemic therapy and had Child-Pugh liver function class A , were randomly assigned to receive either oral sorafenib -LRB- 400 mg -RRB- or placebo twice daily in 6-week cycles , with efficacy measured at the end of each 6-week period . Eligible patients were stratified by the presence or absence of macroscopic vascular invasion or extrahepatic spread -LRB- or both -RRB- , Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status , and geographical region . Randomisation was done centrally and in a 2:1 ratio by means of an interactive voice-response system . There was no predefined primary endpoint ; overall survival , time to progression -LRB- TTP -RRB- , time to symptomatic progression -LRB- TTSP -RRB- , disease control rate -LRB- DCR -RRB- , and safety were assessed . Efficacy analyses were done by intention to treat . This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT00492752 . 271 patients from 23 centres in China , South Korea , and Taiwan were enrolled in the study . Of these , 226 patients were randomly assigned to the experimental group -LRB- n = 150 -RRB- or to the placebo group -LRB- n = 76 -RRB- . Median overall survival was 6.5 months -LRB- 95 % CI 5.56-7.56 -RRB- in patients treated with sorafenib , compared with 4.2 months -LRB- 3.75-5.46 -RRB- in those who received placebo -LRB- hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- 0.68 -LSB- 95 % CI 0.50-0.93 -RSB- ; p = 0.014 -RRB- . Median TTP was 2.8 months -LRB- 2.63-3.58 -RRB- in the sorafenib group compared with 1.4 months -LRB- 1.35-1.55 -RRB- in the placebo group -LRB- HR 0.57 -LSB- 0.42-0.79 -RSB- ; p = 0.0005 -RRB- . The most frequently reported grade 3/4 drug-related adverse events in the 149 assessable patients treated with sorafenib were hand-foot skin reaction -LRB- HFSR ; 16 patients -LSB- 10.7 % -RSB- -RRB- , diarrhoea -LRB- nine patients -LSB- 6.0 % -RSB- -RRB- , and fatigue -LRB- five patients -LSB- 3.4 % -RSB- -RRB- . The most common adverse events resulting in dose reductions were HFSR -LRB- 17 patients -LSB- 11.4 % -RSB- -RRB- and diarrhoea -LRB- 11 patients -LSB- 7.4 % -RSB- -RRB- ; these adverse events rarely led to discontinuation . Sorafenib is effective for the treatment of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma in patients from the Asia-Pacific region , and is well tolerated . Taken together with data from the Sorafenib Hepatocellular Carcinoma Assessment Randomised Protocol -LRB- SHARP -RRB- trial , sorafenib seems to be an appropriate option for the treatment of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma . This article provides a status report on the global burden of cancer worldwide using the GLOBOCAN 2018 estimates of cancer incidence and mortality produced by the International Agency for Research on Cancer , with a focus on geographic variability across 20 world regions . There will be an estimated 18.1 million new cancer cases -LRB- 17.0 million excluding nonmelanoma skin cancer -RRB- and 9.6 million cancer deaths -LRB- 9.5 million excluding nonmelanoma skin cancer -RRB- in 2018 . In both sexes combined , lung cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer -LRB- 11.6 % of the total cases -RRB- and the leading cause of cancer death -LRB- 18.4 % of the total cancer deaths -RRB- , closely followed by female breast cancer -LRB- 11.6 % -RRB- , prostate cancer -LRB- 7.1 % -RRB- , and colorectal cancer -LRB- 6.1 % -RRB- for incidence and colorectal cancer -LRB- 9.2 % -RRB- , stomach cancer -LRB- 8.2 % -RRB- , and liver cancer -LRB- 8.2 % -RRB- for mortality . Lung cancer is the most frequent cancer and the leading cause of cancer death among males , followed by prostate and colorectal cancer -LRB- for incidence -RRB- and liver and stomach cancer -LRB- for mortality -RRB- . Among females , breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer and the leading cause of cancer death , followed by colorectal and lung cancer -LRB- for incidence -RRB- , and vice versa -LRB- for mortality -RRB- ; cervical cancer ranks fourth for both incidence and mortality . The most frequently diagnosed cancer and the leading cause of cancer death , however , substantially vary across countries and within each country depending on the degree of economic development and associated social and life style factors . It is noteworthy that high-quality cancer registry data , the basis for planning and implementing evidence-based cancer control programs , are not available in most low - and middle-income countries . The Global Initiative for Cancer Registry Development is an international partnership that supports better estimation , as well as the collection and use of local data , to prioritize and evaluate national cancer control efforts . CA : A Cancer Journal for Clinicians 2018 ; 0:1-31 . © 2018 American Cancer Society . No effective systemic therapy exists for patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma . A preliminary study suggested that sorafenib , an oral multikinase inhibitor of the vascular endothelial growth factor receptor , the platelet-derived growth factor receptor , and Raf may be effective in hepatocellular carcinoma . In this multicenter , phase 3 , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial , we randomly assigned 602 patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma who had not received previous systemic treatment to receive either sorafenib -LRB- at a dose of 400 mg twice daily -RRB- or placebo . Primary outcomes were overall survival and the time to symptomatic progression . Secondary outcomes included
The epidermal growth factor receptor -LRB- EGFR -RRB- is detected on many non-haematopoietic tissues and is frequently overexpressed in human tumors . With its ligand , TGF-alpha , it forms a well-defined autocrine growth loop . Several clinical approaches , using EGFR as a therapeutic target , are being investigated , particularly monoclonal antibodies combined with chemotherapy , and pharmacological inhibition of downstream components of the EGFR signaling pathway . We formally reviewed the literature at medline and embase . Additional searches were conducted using Internet search engines . The random effects method was used to pool differences in incident rash rates . Sixteen studies met the initial inclusion criteria of randomized controlled trials comparing egfri with non-egfri therapy . Seven publications that provided information on all severity grades of rash were found to have an overall difference in incident rash rate of 0.74 -LRB- 95 % ci : 0.68 to 0.81 ; p < 0.01 -RRB- . Thirteen studies that reported the incidence of grades 3 and 4 rash showed an overall difference in the incident rash rate of 0.12 -LRB- 95 % ci : 0.09 to 0.14 ; p < 0.01 -RRB- between egfri and non-egfri therapy . Sensitivity analyses showed that the results were generally robust , but sensitive to small samples . Results quantify the difference in rash rates between egfri and non-egfri therapy .
Effects of human glucagon-like peptide I -LRB- GLP-I -RRB- -LRB- 7-36 -RRB- amide were examined in volunteers having insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus -LRB- IDDM -RRB- with residual C-peptide -LRB- CP -RRB- secretion -LRB- n = 8 , 7 men and 1 woman ; age , 31 + / - 1.4 years ; body mass index , 24.7 + / - 0.7 kg/m2 ; duration of diabetes , 3.2 + / - 0.8 years ; insulin dose , 0.41 + / - 0.05 U.kg-1 . day-1 ; meal-stimulated CP , 1.0 + / - 0.2 nmol/l -LSB- means + / - SE -RSB- -RRB- . After a mixed meal -LRB- Sustacal , 30 kJ/kg body wt -RRB- , intravenous injection of GLP-I , 1.2 pmol.kg-1 . min-1 through 120 min , virtually abolished increments of plasma glucose , CP , pancreatic polypeptide -LRB- PP -RRB- , and glucagon concentrations , with no significant effect on plasma gastrin levels during the infusions . At reduced dosage -LRB- 0.75 pmol.kg-1 . min-1 -RRB- , GLP-I had lesser effects on plasma glucose and CP levels . On cessation of intravenous GLP-I infusions after the meals , plasma glucose , CP , PP , and glucagon concentrations rebounded toward control levels by 180 min , and the response of plasma gastrin was prolonged . These rebound responses are consistent with intestinal delivery of food retained in the stomach on escape from inhibition of gastric emptying by GLP-I . Infusion of 1.2 pmol.kg-1 . min-1 GLP-I with 20 g glucose -LRB- 10 % dextrose in water -RRB- injected intravenously over 60 min enhanced plasma responses of immunoreactive CP ; the mean incremental areas under concentration curves -LRB- 0-60 min -RRB- increased sixfold , but the glycemic excursion was not affected . Thus , in CP-positive IDDM , pharmacological doses of GLP-I reduce glycemic excursions after meals by a mechanism -LRB- s -RRB- not dependent on stimulation of insulin secretion , presumably involving delayed gastric emptying . -LRB- ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS -RRB- BACKGROUND : Glucagon-like peptide-1 -LRB- GLP-1 -RRB- and its agonists are under assessment in treatment of type 2 diabetes , by virtue of their antidiabetic actions , which include stimulation of insulin secretion , inhibition of glucagon release , and delay of gastric emptying . We examined the potential of GLP-1 to improve glycemic control in type 1 diabetes with no endogenous insulin secretion . METHODS : Dose-finding studies were carried out to establish mid range doses for delay of gastric emptying indicated by postponement of pancreatic polypeptide responses after meals . The selected dose of 0.63 micrograms/kg GLP-1 was administered before breakfast and lunch in 8-hour studies in hospital to establish the efficacy and safety of GLP-1 . In outside-hospital studies , GLP-1 or vehicle was self-administered double-blind before meals with usual insulin for five consecutive days by five males and three females with well-controlled C-peptide-negative type 1 diabetes . Capillary blood glucose values were self-monitored before meals , at 30 and 60 min after breakfast and supper , and at bedtime . Breakfast tests with GLP-1 were conducted on the day before and on the day after 5-day studies . Paired t-tests and ANOVA were used for statistical analysis . RESULTS : In 8-hour studies time-averaged incremental -LRB- delta -RRB- areas under the curves -LRB- AUC -RRB- for plasma glucose through 8 hours were decreased by GLP-1 compared to vehicle -LRB- 3.2 PlusMinus ; 0.9 , mean PlusMinus ; se , vs 5.4 PlusMinus ; 0.8 mmol/l , p < .05 -RRB- , and for pancreatic polypeptide , an indicator of gastric emptying , through 30 min after meals -LRB- 4.0 PlusMinus ; 3.1 vs 37 PlusMinus ; 9.6 pmol/l , p < .05 -RRB- with no adverse effects . Incremental glucagon levels through 60 min after meals were depressed by GLP-1 compared to vehicle -LRB- -3.7 PlusMinus ; 2.5 vs 3.1 PlusMinus ; 1.9 ng/l , p < .04 -RRB- . In 5-day studies , AUC for capillary blood glucose levels were lower with GLP-1 than with vehicle -LRB- -0.64 PlusMinus ; 0.33 vs 0.34 PlusMinus ; 0.26 mmol/l , p < .05 -RRB- . No assisted episode of hypoglycaemia or change in insulin dosage occurred . Breakfast tests on the days immediately before and after 5-day trials showed no change in the effects of GLP-1 . CONCLUSION : We have demonstrated that subcutaneous GLP-1 can improve glucose control in type 1 diabetes without adverse effects when self-administered before meals with usual insulin during established intensive insulin treatment programs . Glucagon-like peptide I -LRB- 7-36 -RRB- amide -LRB- GLP-1 -RRB- is a physiological incretin hormone that , in slightly supraphysiological doses , stimulates insulin secretion , lowers glucagon concentrations , and thereby normalizes elevated fasting plasma glucose concentrations in type II diabetic patients . It is not known whether GLP-1 has effects also in fasting type I diabetic patients . In 11 type I diabetic patients -LRB- HbA1c 9.1 + / - 2.1 % ; normal , 4.2-6.3 % -RRB- , fasting hyperglycemia was provoked by halving their usual evening NPH insulin dose . In random order on two occasions , 1.2 pmol . kg-1 . min-1 GLP-1 or placebo was infused intravenously in the morning -LRB- plasma glucose 13.7 + / - 0.9 mmol/l ; plasma insulin 26 + / - 4 pmol/l -RRB- . Glucose -LRB- glucose oxidase method -RRB- , insulin , C-peptide , glucagon , GLP-1 , cortisol , growth hormone -LRB- immunoassays -RRB- , triglycerides , cholesterol , and nonesterified fatty acids -LRB- enzymatic tests -RRB- were measured . Glucagon was reduced from approximately 8 to 4 pmol/l , and plasma glucose was lowered from 13.4 + / - 1.0 to 10.0 + / - 1.2 mmol/l with GLP-1 administration -LRB- plasma concentrations approximately 100 pmol , P < 0.0001 -RRB- , but not with placebo -LRB- 14.2 + / - 0.7 to 13.2 + / - 1.0 -RRB- . Transiently , C-peptide was stimulated from
The use and complications of totally implantable vascular access devices -LRB- TIVADs -RRB- were examined during multiple courses of antibiotics in cystic fibrosis -LRB- CF -RRB- patients . This retrospective study involved 36 CF centres . Risk factors for removal and septicaemia were sought by survival analysis of censored data . Multivariate Cox models were constructed with removal or septicaemia as the event and the characteristics of TIVADs as explanatory variables . TIVADs -LRB- n = 452 -RRB- were implanted in 315 patients . The mean functional time per device was 32 + / - 25 months . Long-term complications occurred with 188 devices -LRB- 42 % -RRB- ; they consisted mainly of occlusion -LRB- 21 % , requiring removal in 77 % -RRB- , infection -LRB- 9.3 % , requiring removal in 851 % ; septicaemia in 7.3 % ; rate 0.3 per 1,000 days , Candida in 66 % -RRB- , and vascular thrombosis -LRB- 4.7 % , removal in 58 % -RRB- . Multivariate survival analysis showed that removal , whatever the reason , was associated with polyurethane -LRB- versus silicone -RRB- and routine use of the device for blood sampling -LRB- versus never -RRB- . Totally implantable venous access devices appear to be safe and reliable for long-term intermittent venous access . Cystic fibrosis -LRB- CF -RRB- is a common fatal genetic disorder characterized by chronic pulmonary infections , some of which require intravenous -LRB- i.v. -RRB- antibiotics . Peripherally inserted central catheters -LRB- PICCs -RRB- have proven to be an effective means of i.v. delivery in a variety of populations . An evaluation of the effectiveness of the use of PICCs for patients at a CF center in New England was conducted over a 25-consecutive month period . During this time , 61 PICCs were placed in 32 patients with CF requiring i.v. antibiotics . The catheters were in place for a median of 15 days -LRB- range 1-155 days -RRB- . The total number of catheter days in this series was 1,139 . Although no serious complications were encountered , minor complications or technical problems occurred in 18 -LRB- 29.5 % -RRB- of the 61 catheters . Complications included external breaks in the catheters , shoulder pain , phlebitis , catheter occlusion , accidental dislodgement , local irritation at the insertion site , and yeast infection at the insertion site . No long-term sequelae resulted , and the rate of i.v. antibiotic completion with this mode of i.v. access was high . As a result of the evaluation , PICC access remains the standard of care at this institution for patients with CF requiring i.v. antibiotics for pulmonary exacerbations . Improved cannula survival with peripheral long lines has been reported for patients requiring multiple courses of intravenous -LRB- i.v. -RRB- antibiotics , allowing a more normal and mobile pattern of life -LRB- 1 , 2 -RRB- . Since June 1992 we have used both the neonatal silastic long line -LRB- Epicutaneo-cava-catheter , Vygon , Aachen -RRB- and the Landmark catheter -LRB- Menlo Care , California -RRB- for administration of i.v. antibiotics to our cystic fibrosis -LRB- CF -RRB- patients . Information was collected prospectively on the performance of both types of cannulae over 18 months . Cannula survival time was the same and longer than with conventional short cannulae -LRB- 1 , 3 -RRB- . Patient preference for the neonatal line and a trend towards more phlebitis with the Landmark catheter resulted in the selection of the neonatal line for routine use . A randomised comparison of percutaneous Silastic catheters and conventional intravenous cannulae for giving intravenous antibiotics in patients with cystic fibrosis showed that Silastic catheters were favoured by the patient , lasted longer , and had fewer complications . To obtain information which might guide vascular specialists and their patients in the choice of site for implantation of central venous access devices -LRB- CVADs -RRB- . Questionnaire study . Questionnaires were sent to 69 patients with cystic fibrosis and 54 -LRB- 78 % -RRB- responded -LRB- 39 females : age 5-63 , median 24 years -RRB- . They had received a total of 79 CVADs placed in the upper chest -LRB- 60 -RRB- , lower chest -LRB- 13 -RRB- , thigh -LRB- 3 -RRB- and arm -LRB- 3 -RRB- . Only 46 % patients had been offered a choice of site . Questions about 14 specific areas of disability or concern found problems most frequently with discomfort -LRB- 54 % -RRB- , wearing a seatbelt -LRB- 51 % -RRB- , cosmetic appearance -LRB- 44 % -RRB- , scarring -LRB- 44 % -RRB- , choice of clothing -LRB- 42 % -RRB- and lying in bed or sleeping -LRB- 42 % -RRB- . There were no significant differences between upper and lower chest CVADs . Patients with upper chest CVADs seldom had any problems with use of their arm -LRB- 12 % -RRB- . 81 % CVADs could not be accessed by the patients , and in 39 % of these cases patients would have liked to do so . Many patients complain of few problems with their CVADs , regardless of site , but half have some persistent discomfort . Cosmetic considerations frequently cause concern and patients should be given choice in the site of their CVADs . Peripherally inserted central catheters -LRB- PICCs -RRB- are widely used in the management of cystic fibrosis -LRB- CF -RRB- in children and adults . The authors present a collection of eight case reports of patients with CF in whom removal of PICCs was difficult , including two PICCs that required surgical removal . The cases were observed in a regional pediatric CF unit in the United Kingdom . Possible etiology and strategies that can be used to achieve catheter removal are discussed . Totally implantable vascular access devices -LRB- TIVADs -RRB- are accepted as a safe and effective method of facilitating long term intravenous therapy . We report our experience of the use of these
The hypothesis that quiescent CD4 + T lymphocytes carrying proviral DNA provide a reservoir for human immunodeficiency virus-type 1 -LRB- HIV-1 -RRB- in patients on highly active antiretroviral therapy -LRB- HAART -RRB- was examined . In a study of 22 patients successfully treated with HAART for up to 30 months , replication-competent virus was routinely recovered from resting CD4 + T lymphocytes . The frequency of resting CD4 + T cells harboring latent HIV-1 was low , 0.2 to 16.4 per 10 -LRB- 6 -RRB- cells , and , in cross-sectional analysis , did not decrease with increasing time on therapy . The recovered viruses generally did not show mutations associated with resistance to the relevant antiretroviral drugs . This reservoir of nonevolving latent virus in resting CD4 + T cells should be considered in deciding whether to terminate treatment in patients who respond to HAART . Combination therapy for HIV-1 infection can reduce plasma virus to undetectable levels , indicating that prolonged treatment might eradicate the infection . However , HIV-1 can persist in a latent form in resting CD4 + T cells . We measured the decay rate of this latent reservoir in 34 treated adults whose plasma virus levels were undetectable . The mean half-life of the latent reservoir was very long -LRB- 43.9 months -RRB- . If the latent reservoir consists of only 1 x 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- cells , eradication could take as long as 60 years . Thus , latent infection of resting CD4 + T cells provides a mechanism for lifelong persistence of HIV-1 , even in patients on effective anti-retroviral therapy . Although highly active antiretroviral therapy -LRB- HAART -RRB- in the form of triple combinations of drugs including protease inhibitors can reduce the plasma viral load of some HIV-1-infected individuals to undetectable levels , it is unclear what the effects of these regimens are on latently infected CD4 + T cells and what role these cells play in the persistence of HIV-1 infection in individuals receiving such treatment . The present study demonstrates that highly purified CD4 + T cells from 13 of 13 patients receiving HAART with an average treatment time of 10 months and with undetectable -LRB- < 500 copies HIV RNA/ml -RRB- plasma viremia by a commonly used bDNA assay carried integrated proviral DNA and were capable of producing infectious virus upon cellular activation in vitro . Phenotypic analysis of HIV-1 produced by activation of latently infected CD4 + T cells revealed the presence in some patients of syncytium-inducing virus . In addition , the presence of unintegrated HIV-1 DNA in infected resting CD4 + T cells from patients receiving HAART , even those with undetectable plasma viremia , suggests persistent active virus replication in vivo . Clinical evidence suggests that cellular immunity is involved in controlling human immunodeficiency virus-1 -LRB- HIV-1 -RRB- replication . An animal model of acquired immune deficiency syndrome -LRB- AIDS -RRB- , the simian immunodeficiency virus -LRB- SIV -RRB- - infected rhesus monkey , was used to show that virus replication is not controlled in monkeys depleted of CD8 + lymphocytes during primary SIV infection . Eliminating CD8 + lymphocytes from monkeys during chronic SIV infection resulted in a rapid and marked increase in viremia that was again suppressed coincident with the reappearance of SIV-specific CD8 + T cells . These results confirm the importance of cell-mediated immunity in controlling HIV-1 infection and support the exploration of vaccination approaches for preventing infection that will elicit these immune responses . CD8 + T cells impact control of viral infections by direct elimination of infected cells and secretion of a number of soluble factors . In HIV-1 infection , persistent HIV-1 specific IFN-gamma + CD8 + T cell responses are detected in the setting of disease progression , consistent with functional impairment in vivo . Recent data suggest that impaired maturation , as defined by the lineage markers CD45RA and CCR7 , may contribute to a lack of immune control by these responses . We investigated the maturation phenotype of epitope-specific CD8 + T cell responses directed against HIV-1 in 42 chronically infected , untreated individuals , 22 of whom were `` Controllers '' -LRB- median 1140 RNA copies/ml plasma , range < 50 to 2520 -RRB- , and 20 `` progressors '' of whom had advanced disease and high viral loads -LRB- median 135,500 RNA copies/ml plasma , range 12100 to > 750000 -RRB- . Evaluation of a mean of 5 epitopes per person revealed that terminally differentiated CD8 + T cells directed against HIV-1 are more often seen in HIV-1 Controllers -LRB- 16/22 ; 73 % -RRB- compared to HIV-1 progressors -LRB- 7/20 ; 35 % -RRB- -LRB- p = 0.015 -RRB- , but the maturation state of epitope-specific responses within a given individual was quite variable . Maturation phenotype was independent of the HLA restriction or the specificity of a given CD8 + T cell response and individual epitopes associated with slow disease progression were not more likely to be terminally differentiated . These data indicate that although full maturation of epitope-specific CD8 + T cell responses is associated with viral control , the maturation status of HIV-1 specific CD8 + T cell responses within a given individual are quite heterogeneous , suggesting epitope-specific influences on CD8 + T cell function . Potent virus-specific cytotoxic T lymphocyte -LRB- CTL -RRB- responses elicited by candidate AIDS vaccines have recently been shown to control viral replication and prevent clinical disease progression after pathogenic viral challenges in rhesus monkeys . Here we show that viral escape from CTL recognition can result in the eventual failure of this partial immune protection . Viral mutations that escape from CTL recognition have been previously described in humans infected with human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- and monkeys infected with simian immunodeficiency virus -LRB- SIV -RRB- . In a cohort of rhesus monkeys that were vaccinated and subsequently infected with a pathogenic hybrid simian-human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- SHIV
The clinical significance of Candida cultured from peritoneal fluid specimens remains a matter of debate . None of the studies that have addressed this issue have clearly distinguished between community-acquired peritonitis and nosocomial peritonitis . The current study tried to differentiate the pathogenic role of Candida in these two clinical settings and assess its importance on outcome . A multiple-center , retrospective , case-control study was conducted in intensive care unit patients . The interaction between mortality rates and type of patients was assessed . In the case of a significant interaction , a separate analysis of mortality and morbidity was planned . Seventeen intensive care units in teaching and nonteaching hospitals . Cases were patients operated on for peritonitis with Candida cultured from the peritoneal fluid , whereas controls were operated patients free from yeast . Cases and controls were matched for type of infection , Simplified Acute Physiology Score II , age , and time period of hospitalization . None . The following characteristics were collected : demographic variables , underlying disease , severity score , site of infection , microbiological features , and anti-infective treatments . Survival was defined as the main outcome criterion and morbidity variables as secondary criteria . Odds ratios of mortality were calculated . Matching was achieved in 91 cases and 168 controls . Matching criteria , clinical characteristics , and mortality rate were not statistically different between cases and controls . A significant interaction was demonstrated between mortality rates and type of infection , leading to separate analysis of patients with community-acquired peritonitis and nosocomial peritonitis . The subgroup analysis demonstrated an increased mortality rate only in nosocomial peritonitis with fungal isolates -LRB- 48 % vs. 28 % in controls , p < .01 -RRB- . Isolation of Candida species appears to be an independent risk factor of mortality in nosocomial peritonitis but not in community-acquired peritonitis . Thirty to forty percent of patients with recurrent gastrointestinal perforation/anastomotic leakage or acute necrotizing pancreatitis develop intra-abdominal invasive candidiasis -LRB- IC -RRB- . A corrected Candida colonization index -LRB- CCI -RRB- > or = 0.4 is a powerful predictor of IC . Fluconazole prevents intra-abdominal IC in this setting , but azole-resistant Candida species are emerging . The aim of this study was to explore the efficacy and safety of caspofungin for prevention of intra-abdominal IC in high-risk surgical patients . Prospective non-comparative single-center study in consecutive adult surgical patients with recurrent gastrointestinal perforation/anastomotic leakage or acute necrotizing pancreatitis . Candida colonization index and CCI , occurrence of intra-abdominal IC and adverse events were monitored . Nineteen patients were studied : 16 -LRB- 84 % -RRB- had recurrent gastrointestinal perforation/anastomotic leakage and 3 -LRB- 16 % -RRB- acute necrotizing pancreatitis . The median duration of preventive caspofungin therapy was 16 days -LRB- range 4-46 -RRB- . The colonization index decreased significantly during study therapy , and the CCI remained < 0.4 in all patients . Caspofungin was successful for prevention of intra-abdominal IC in 18/19 patients -LRB- 95 % , 1 breakthrough IC 5 days after inclusion -RRB- . No drug-related adverse event requiring caspofungin discontinuation occurred . Caspofungin may be efficacious and safe for prevention of intra-abdominal candidiasis in high-risk surgical patients . This needs to be further investigated in randomized trials .
The development of an adequate assessment instrument is a necessary prerequisite for social psychological research on loneliness . Two studies provide methodological refinement in the measurement of loneliness . Study 1 presents a revised version of the self-report UCLA -LRB- University of California , Los Angeles -RRB- Loneliness Scale , designed to counter the possible effects of response bias in the original scale , and reports concurrent validity evidence for the revised measure . Study 2 demonstrates that although loneliness is correlated with measures of negative affect , social risk taking , and affiliative tendencies , it is nonetheless a distinct psychological experience . We conducted several tests of the idea that an inclination toward thought suppression is associated with obsessive thinking and emotional reactivity . Initially , we developed a self-report measure of thought suppression through successive factor-analytic procedures and found that it exhibited acceptable internal consistency and temporal stability . This measure , the White Bear Suppression Inventory -LRB- WBSI -RRB- , was found to correlate with measures of obsessional thinking and depressive and anxious affect , to predict signs of clinical obsession among individuals prone toward obsessional thinking , to predict depression among individuals motivated to dislike negative thoughts , and to predict failure of electrodermal responses to habituate among people having emotional thoughts . The WBSI was inversely correlated with repression as assessed by the Repression-Sensitization Scale , and so taps a trait that is quite unlike repression as traditionally conceived . This study was conducted to investigate the hypothesis that exposure to `` job strain '' is related to increased ambulatory blood pressure -LRB- ABP -RRB- . Participants were 195 men who wore an ABP monitor for 24 hours on two occasions 3 years apart . Job strain status , evaluated at each assessment , was used to identify four groups : those not having job strain at either assessment -LRB- N = 138 -RRB- , those having job strain at both times -LRB- N = 15 -RRB- , and two crossover groups . Regression analysis was used to examine the cross-sectional associations of ABP with job strain , controlling for other known risk factors . Repeated-measures analysis of variance was used to examine the association of ABP change with the category of job strain change . The cross-sectional analysis of the Time 2 data yielded almost identical , highly significant effects of job strain on ABP as was shown in our previously published Time 1 analysis . Those in high strain jobs at both times had systolic/diastolic ABPs at work and at home that were , on average , 11/7 mm Hg higher than those with no job strain at both times ; the crossover groups had intermediate levels of ABP . The previously reported cross-sectional association between job strain and ABP was replicated at follow-up . Furthermore , change in job strain status partially predicted change in ABP . These results provide new evidence supporting the hypothesis that job strain is an occupational risk factor in the etiology of essential hypertension . To identify molecular mechanisms by which early life social conditions might influence adult risk of disease in rhesus macaques -LRB- Macaca mulatta -RRB- , we analyze changes in basal leukocyte gene expression profiles in 4-mo-old animals reared under adverse social conditions . Compared with the basal condition of maternal rearing -LRB- MR -RRB- , leukocytes from peer-reared -LRB- PR -RRB- animals and PR animals provided with an inanimate surrogate mother -LRB- surrogate/peer reared , SPR -RRB- show enhanced expression of genes involved in inflammation , cytokine signaling , and T-lymphocyte activation , and suppression of genes involved in several innate antimicrobial defenses including type I interferon -LRB- IFN -RRB- antiviral responses . Promoter-based bioinformatic analyses implicate increased activity of CREB and NF-κB transcription factors and decreased activity of IFN response factors -LRB- IRFs -RRB- in structuring the observed differences in gene expression . Transcript origin analyses identify monocytes and CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T lymphocytes as primary cellular mediators of transcriptional up-regulation and B lymphocytes as major sources of down-regulated genes . These findings show that adverse social conditions can become embedded within the basal transcriptome of primate immune cells within the first 4 mo of life , and they implicate sympathetic nervous system-linked transcription control pathways as candidate mediators of those effects and potential targets for health-protective intervention . Mindfulness is an attribute of consciousness long believed to promote well-being . This research provides a theoretical and empirical examination of the role of mindfulness in psychological well-being . The development and psychometric properties of the dispositional Mindful Attention Awareness Scale -LRB- MAAS -RRB- are described . Correlational , quasi-experimental , and laboratory studies then show that the MAAS measures a unique quality of consciousness that is related to a variety of well-being constructs , that differentiates mindfulness practitioners from others , and that is associated with enhanced self-awareness . An experience-sampling study shows that both dispositional and state mindfulness predict self-regulated behavior and positive emotional states . Finally , a clinical intervention study with cancer patients demonstrates that increases in mindfulness over time relate to declines in mood disturbance and stress . Regression methods were used to select and score 12 items from the Medical Outcomes Study 36-Item Short-Form Health Survey -LRB- SF-36 -RRB- to reproduce the Physical Component Summary and Mental Component Summary scales in the general US population -LRB- n = 2,333 -RRB- . The resulting 12-item short-form -LRB- SF-12 -RRB- achieved multiple R squares of 0.911 and 0.918 in predictions of the SF-36 Physical Component Summary and SF-36 Mental Component Summary scores , respectively . Scoring algorithms from the general population used to score 12-item versions of the two components -LRB- Physical Components Summary and Mental Component Summary -RRB- achieved R squares of 0.905 with the SF-36 Physical Component Summary and 0.938 with SF-36 Mental Component Summary when cross-validated in the Medical Outcomes Study . Test-retest -LRB- 2-week -RRB- correlations of 0.89 and 0.76 were observed for
From 1975 to 1993 , a population-based series of 60 patients with distant metastases -LRB- relapse -RRB- from high grade , extremity-localized osteosarcoma was treated at The Norwegian Radium Hospital . Lung metastases were present in 88 % of the patients , 52 % had bilateral lesions , and the median number of lesions was three -LRB- range , 1-25 lesions -RRB- . Adequate chemotherapy included further dose escalations of methotrexate in approximately half of the patients , usually from 8 to 12 g . The rest were exposed to novel agents such as cisplatin , etoposide , and ifosfamide . Of the operated patients , 43 % had additional thoracotomies after subsequent relapses . The projected 5-year survival rate from the first metastatic event was 24 % for all patients and 50 % for patients who underwent complete metastasectomy . In a multivariate analysis , the factors with independent predictive value for improved overall survival were the presence of a solitary metastasis , the accomplishment of complete metastasectomy , and the administration of adequate salvage chemotherapy . Complete metastasectomy is mandatory for long term survival of patients with metastatic osteosarcoma , and repeated lung resections are necessary in nearly half the patients . Second line chemotherapy and following primary treatment with modern intensive chemotherapy protocols may improve survival further .
In this descriptive cross-sectional study , we investigated the incidence , determinants , and consequences of subclinical noncompliance with immunosuppressive therapy in 150 adult renal transplant recipients with more than one year posttransplant status . Symptom frequency and symptom distress , and self-care agency were measured by the Transplant Symptom Frequency and Symptom Distress Scale , and the Appraisal for Self-Care Agency Scale , respectively . The Long-Term Medication Behavior Self-Efficacy Scale and a renal transplant knowledge questionnaire were developed as part of this study to measure perceived self-efficacy and knowledge of the therapeutic regimen . Demographic variables were also measured . The incidence of subclinical noncompliance with immunosuppressive therapy as assessed by interview was 22.3 % . Compliers and noncompliers differed significantly on the variables of marital status -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- , situational-operational knowledge -LRB- P = 0.02 -RRB- , self-care agency -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- , and perceived self-efficacy related to long-term medication intake -LRB- P = 0.048 -RRB- . A logistic regression model using gender , marital status , perceived self-efficacy , self-care agency , knowledge about medication administration and signs of infection , and situational operational knowledge as predictor variables , revealed a 78.6 % correct classification of compliers versus noncompliers and a sensitivity ratio of 95.9 % . There were significantly more acute late rejection episodes -LRB- P = 0.003 -RRB- in the noncompliant group . Graft survival at 5 years in this group was also significantly lower -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- than the compliant patients . No significant difference was found in terms of the occurrence of chronic rejection episodes or in terms of patient survival at 5 years . Because noncompliance is a risk factor for negative clinical outcome in renal transplant recipients , it is of utmost importance to develop intervention strategies to enhance compliance in this population by using determinants identified in exploratory studies . A single center experience of 514 ciclosporin-treated renal allografts which survived longer than 1 year was reviewed in order to analyze the causes of renal allograft loss beyond the 1st year post-transplantation and the contribution of selected parameters to long-term survival . 83 grafts were lost between 1 and 5 years with the most common causes of graft loss being chronic rejection -LRB- 54 % -RRB- , death -LRB- 14 % -RRB- , noncompliance -LRB- 13 % -RRB- and sepsis -LRB- 11 % -RRB- . Actuarial 5-year graft survival rates , decaying from 100 % at 1 year , of living related and cadaveric grafts were 88.6 and 79.5 % , respectively . Parameters with a substantial influence on long-term survival included the quality of early graft function and incidence of acute rejection in the 1st year post-transplantation . A marker for long-term survival -LRB- > 5 years -RRB- was a significantly lower serum creatinine -LRB- 177 mumol/l ; < or = 2 mg/dl -RRB- at 1 year . We conclude that chronic rejection is responsible for the majority of late graft losses in the ciclosporin era as in the earlier azathioprine period . Successful renal transplantation requires long-term adherence to complex medical regimens , yet knowledge of post-transplant medication compliance is still inadequate . The natural history of medication compliance was quantitatively documented using electronic medicine bottle monitors . Azathioprine use was recorded with medication monitors beginning at hospital discharge in a prospective cohort of 180 renal transplant recipients . These patients and 87 other eligible patients , declining study participation , were followed up to five years . Compliance rates were associated with discrete clinical outcomes : acute rejection , allograft loss , and death . During the first six months , only 8 % of all azathioprine doses were missed . However , individual compliance rates varied widely , ranging from 16 to 100 % , and each month , on average , 18 % of patients skipped medication for four or more days . Outcome events were not different between study participants and those refusing study . However , lower compliance rates during the first six months were associated in a `` dose-response '' fashion with acute rejection -LRB- P = 0.006 -RRB- and allograft loss -LRB- P = 0.002 -RRB- . Declining compliance during the first 90 days was a strong risk factor both for later acute rejection -LRB- odds ratio = 13.9 , 95 % CI , 2.9 to 68 , P = 0.001 -RRB- , and allograft loss -LRB- odds ratio = 4.3 , 95 % CI , 1.1 to 16 , P = 0.032 -RRB- . Electronic monitoring provides a temporal description and quantitation of medication compliance . Reduced azathioprine compliance was highly associated with acute rejection and allograft loss . Trends in early compliance behavior predict later outcomes , thus providing unique opportunities for intervention . Approximately 5 % to 18 % of kidney transplant recipients do not comply with their posttransplant medical treatment . This study examined the relationship between pretransplant noncompliance and posttransplant outcomes . Using a longitudinal retrospective chart audit , pretransplant and posttransplant data were collected for 126 kidney transplant recipients over a 3-year period . Sixty-one percent of those identified as noncompliant before transplant lost their graft or died after transplant . Significant relationships between pretransplant noncompliance and graft loss and between pre - and posttransplant noncompliance were found . Clinicians must identify those with pretransplant noncompliance , as they are at risk for poor outcomes and might benefit from an intensive posttransplant follow-up regimen . Medication adherence is essential for the survival of kidney grafts , however , the complexity of the medication-taking regimen makes adherence difficult . Little is known about barriers to medication-taking and strategies to foster medication-taking . This cross-sectional study involved semi-structured interviews with 82 kidney transplant recipients approximately 2 months post-transplant on medication-related adherence , barriers to medication-taking , and strategies to foster medication-taking . Although self-reported adherence was high -LRB- 88 % -RRB- , qualitative analysis revealed that half of the
Hereditary angioedema is a rare disease . In case of laryngeal edema or chronic abdominal pains , diagnosis is difficult in childhood because numerous differential diagnoses possibilities are to be considered . The diagnosis of hereditary angioedema with normal C1Inh -LRB- type III -RRB- is also a challenge because it is based only on clinical features . Important school absenteeism can be due to recurrent abdominal attacks . Early diagnosis , specific management , and therapeutic education are necessary for improvement of quality of life . Actually , subcutaneous treatment is not yet available for children . Studies are going on . In the meantime , C1Inh concentrate intravenous administration must be available for children quickly and safely . Hereditary angioedema -LRB- HAE -RRB- is the autosomal dominant deficiency of C1-esterase inhibitor . There have hitherto been no reports on the US appearances of HAE . The unique case of a 12-year-old girl with recurrent abdominal pain is reported , in whom HAE was diagnosed by US and family history of paroxysmal dyspnoea , cutaneous swelling and attacks of abdominal pain . Pertinent US features were intestinal oedema and ascites . Sonographic evidence of intestinal swelling was only seen on the initial day of an episode of abdominal pain . Oedema , as demonstrated by MRI the following day , regressed rapidly , whereas ascites persisted for at least 3 days . It is therefore important to perform imaging in the acute phase to demonstrate the massive intestinal oedema , which is characteristic for the disease . Hereditary angio-oedema -LRB- HAE -RRB- is a rare disease caused by deficiency of complement C1 inhibitor -LRB- C1 inhibitor -RRB- . The diagnosis is challenging as the disease can have a variety of clinical manifestations . In 2001 a national HAE comprehensive care centre was established and a search for these patients was initiated . To identify and characterize all patients with HAE in Denmark and increase awareness of the disease . Patients were recruited from hospital departments , dermatologists in private practice , Centres for Rare Diseases , the Danish patient organization and the national reference laboratory . Family interviews were conducted and medical records were evaluated . Information was spread through lectures , articles in popular magazines and via television . National guidelines for diagnosis and treatment were published . Eighty-two patients were identified . The mean diagnostic delay was 16.3 years . Five patients had HAE type II . Forty-five patients reported a characteristic serpiginous rash -LRB- erythema marginatum -RRB- . More than 90 % of patients had noticed precipitating factors before skin and mucosal swellings . Four patients underwent a total of eight tracheotomies and five families recalled 11 relatives who died of HAE . The minimal prevalence of HAE in Denmark is approximately 1.41 per 100 000 inhabitants . The risk of upper airway obstruction underlines the importance of diagnosing these patients . Precipitating factors , a preceding or concomitant serpiginous erythema and cutaneous swelling and/or abdominal pain attack and/or laryngeal oedema are clues to the diagnosis . As a consequence of this survey , information has been spread to patients , families and physicians . Hereditary angioedema -LRB- HAE -RRB- resulting from the deficiency of the C1 inhibitor -LRB- C1-INH -RRB- is a rare , life-threatening disorder . It is characterized by attacks of angioedema involving the skin and/or the mucosa of the upper airways , as well as the intestinal mucosa . In approximately 50 per cent of cases , clinical manifestations may appear during childhood . The complex management of HAE in pediatric patients is in many respects different from the management of adults . Establishing the diagnosis early , preferably before the onset of clinical symptoms , is essential in cases with a positive family history . Complement studies usually afford accurate diagnosis , whereas molecular genetics tests may prove helpful in uncertain cases . Appropriate therapy , supported by counselling , suitable modification of lifestyle , and avoidance of triggering factors -LRB- which primarily include mechanical trauma , mental stress and airway infections in children -RRB- may spare the patient unnecessary surgery and may prevent mortality . Prompt control of edematous attacks , short-term prophylaxis and intermittent therapy are recommended as the primary means for the management of pediatric cases . Medicinal products currently used for the treatment of children with hereditary angioedema include antifibrinolytics , attenuated androgens , and C1-INH replacement therapy . Current guidelines favour antifibrinolytics for long-term prophylaxis because of their favorable safety profile but efficacy may be lacking . Attenuated androgens administered in the lowest effective dose are another option . C1-INH replacement therapy is also an effective and safe agent for children . Regular monitoring and follow-up of patients are necessary . Hereditary angioedema is a rare disorder with a genetic background involving mutations in the genes encoding C1-INH and of factor XII . Its etiology is unknown in a proportion of cases . Recurrent edema formation may involve the subcutis and the submucosa - the latter can produce obstruction in the upper airways and thereby lead to life-threatening asphyxia . This is the reason for the high , 30-to 50-per-cent mortality of undiagnosed or improperly managed cases . Airway obstruction can be prevented through early diagnosis , meaningful patient information , timely recognition of initial symptoms , state-of-the-art emergency therapy , and close monitoring of the patient . Prophylaxis can substantially mitigate the risk of upper airway edema and also improve the patients ' quality of life . Notwithstanding the foregoing , any form of upper airway edema should be regarded as a potentially life-threatening condition . None of the currently available prophylactic modalities is capable of preventing UAE with absolute certainty . Hereditary angioedema -LRB- HAE -RRB- due to C1 esterase inhibitor -LRB- HAE-C1-INH -RRB- deficiency is a rare genetic disorder presenting with recurrent episodes of skin swellings , abdominal pain attacks , and potentially fatal laryngeal edema . This study was designed to review the
To assess family satisfaction in the ICU and to identify parameters for improvement . Multicenter study in Swiss ICUs . Families were given a questionnaire covering overall satisfaction , satisfaction with care and satisfaction with information/decision-making . Demographic , medical and institutional data were gathered from patients , visitors and ICUs . A total of 996 questionnaires from family members were analyzed . Individual questions were assessed , and summary measures -LRB- range 0-100 -RRB- were calculated , with higher scores indicating greater satisfaction . Using performance-importance plots , items with high impact on overall satisfaction but low satisfaction were identified . They included : emotional support , providing understandable , complete , consistent information and coordination of care . Overall , proxies were satisfied with care and with information/decision-making . Still , several factors , such as emotional support , coordination of care and communication , are associated with poor satisfaction , suggesting the need for improvement . The online version of this article -LRB- doi : 10.1007 / s00134-009-1611-4 -RRB- contains supplementary material , which is available to authorized users .
We evaluated the accuracy of a noninvasive method for estimating right ventricular systolic pressures in patients with tricuspid regurgitation detected by Doppler ultrasound . Of 62 patients with clinical signs of elevated right-sided pressures , 54 -LRB- 87 % -RRB- had jets of tricuspid regurgitation clearly recorded by continuous-wave Doppler ultrasound . By use of the maximum velocity -LRB- V -RRB- of the regurgitant jet , the systolic pressure gradient -LRB- delta P -RRB- between right ventricle and right atrium was calculated by the modified Bernoulli equation -LRB- delta P = 4V2 -RRB- . Adding the transtricuspid gradient to the mean right atrial pressure -LRB- estimated clinically from the jugular veins -RRB- gave predictions of right ventricular systolic pressure that correlated well with catheterization values -LRB- r = .93 , SEE = 8 mm Hg -RRB- . The tricuspid gradient method provides an accurate and widely applicable method for noninvasive estimation of elevated right ventricular systolic pressures . We assessed an air-blood-saline mixture for Doppler measurement of pulmonary artery systolic pressure -LRB- PASP -RRB- and the mechanism of enhancement of the Doppler signal by this mixture . Underestimation of PASP by Doppler echocardiography occurs with inadequate continuous wave -LRB- CW -RRB- signals of tricuspid regurgitation -LRB- TR -RRB- . We assessed in vitro the diameter and concentration of microbubbles of agitated air-saline mixture , air-blood-saline mixture and 10 % air-10 % plasma-80 % saline mixture immediately , 5 , 10 and 20 s after agitation . In 20 patients , PASP was estimated by Swan-Ganz catheter and CW Doppler of TR : 1 -RRB- without contrast injection ; 2 -RRB- with intravenous injection of 10 % air-90 % saline ; and 3 -RRB- 10 % blood-10 % air-80 % saline mixture . Compared to air-saline , addition of blood or plasma to the air-saline solution significantly increased the concentration of microbubbles -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . The air-blood-saline -LRB- 26.7 + / - 7.2 microm -RRB- and air-plasma-saline mixture -LRB- 25.3 + / - 7.4 microm -RRB- had smaller microbubbles than air-saline mixture -LRB- 31.6 + / - 8.2 microm -RRB- -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . The correlation between Doppler - and catheter-measured PASP at baseline -LRB- r = 0.64 -RRB- improved with agitated air-saline -LRB- r = 0.86 -RRB- . With the air-blood-saline mixture , the correlation further improved -LRB- r = 0.92 -RRB- and the best limits of agreement were obtained . The combination of the patient 's own blood is a method of making a sterile solution of numerous small microbubbles for injection into the right-sided cardiac chambers . Clinically , the air-blood-saline mixture is easily prepared at bedside and is superior to the air-saline mixture in assessing PASP in patients with inadequate CW Doppler signals . Evaluation of pulmonary arterial pressure is essential for the diagnosis and management of patients with congenital heart disease ; it is usually done by cardiac catheterization . An alternative , noninvasive method may be clinically more useful . We selected 30 pediatric patients -LRB- 28 with trivial or nonsignificant tricuspid regurgitant Doppler signals and 2 with significant tricuspid regurgitant Doppler signals -RRB- aged 2 months to 21 years . The systolic pressure of the pulmonary artery was assessed as the estimated right ventricular systolic pressure -LRB- albumin method -RRB- minus the peak pressure gradient across the pulmonary valve -LRB- nonenhanced Doppler method -RRB- . After injection of hand-agitated 5 % glucose and sonicated albumin , trivial tricuspid regurgitation signals were enhanced in 25 of 28 patients -LRB- 89 % -RRB- . In two patients , spectral envelopes were well defined enough to obtain the peak systolic velocity of the tricuspid regurgitation jet without contrast medium injection . Peak velocity was not altered by injection of contrast medium in these patients . There was significant correlation between the estimation by contrast-enhanced Doppler using hand-agitated 5 % glucose and the cardiac catheterization measurement of the transtricuspid pressure gradient -LRB- r = 0.88 -RRB- . The transtricuspid pressure gradients obtained by continuous-wave Doppler during sonicated albumin enhancement corresponded closely to those measured by cardiac catheterization -LRB- r = 0.95 -RRB- . Pulmonary arterial and right ventricular systolic pressures measured by Doppler using sonicated albumin and those obtained by cardiac catheterization were highly correlated -LRB- right ventricle , r = 0.96 ; pulmonary artery , r = 0.95 -RRB- . In conclusion , this technique may be a valuable noninvasive method for determining accurate right ventricular and pulmonary arterial systolic pressures . The aim of this study was to assess the value of echocardiographic contrast in measuring systolic pulmonary artery pressures . Thirty-four patients with an average age of 61 + / - 15 years undergoing right heart catheterisation had a simultaneous measurement of systolic pulmonary artery pressures by catheter and colour-coded Doppler echocardiography under basal conditions and after injection of 5 % dextrose agitated with 1 cm3 of air to form microcavitations . The Doppler echocardiographic measurements were performed after withdrawal of the catheter into the inferior vena cava before and after injection of contrast . Patients were divided into two groups according to the pulmonary artery pressures at catheterisation : Group I , comprising 11 patients with systolic pulmonary artery pressures of less than 35 mmHg ; Group II , comprising 23 patients with systolic pulmonary artery pressures of over 35 mmHg ; The injection of contrast significantly increased the number of patients in whom systolic pulmonary artery pressures could be calculated from the Doppler signal of tricuspid regurgitation -LRB- TR -RRB- in Group I -LRB- control : 18 % ; contrast : 100 % , p < 0.01 -RRB- and Group II -LRB- control : 65 % ; contrast : 96 % , p < 0.05 -RRB- . There was a close correlation between the catheter and Doppler measurements of the trans-tricuspid valve pressure gradients before and after injection of contrast in Group I -LRB- n = 11 , r = 0.85 , p = 0.001 , with an
The primary cause of traumatic injury in older adults is fall . Recent reports suggest that cognitive function contributes significantly to fall risk . Therefore , by targeting cognitive function for intervention , we could potentially reduce the incidence of fall and injury . To explore the effectiveness of a 16-week cognitive training -LRB- CT -RRB- intervention to reduce risk and incidence of fall in community-dwelling older adults at risk for fall . Primary outcome is number of falls over a 16-week period -LRB- ascertained by fall calendar method -RRB- . Secondary outcomes include : change fall risk as indicated by improvement in 10 m walk and 90 s balance tests . Following completion of 1-week run-in phase , participants are randomly allocated -LRB- 1:2 -RRB- to either a group that is assigned to attention control or to the group that receives CT intervention for a total of 16 weeks . Participants are followed for an additional 4 weeks after intervention . Mann-Whitney U test and Student 's t-test will be used to examine between-group differences using intention-to-treat analyses . Limited evidence supports the potential of CT to improve cognition and gait , but no published study has evaluated whether such an intervention would reduce incidence of fall . The present trial is designed to provide initial answers to this question . CT may also improve functioning important in other activities -LRB- eg , driving -RRB- , reducing overall risk of injury in elders . NCT03190460 .
Post mastectomy pain syndrome is a condition which can occur following breast surgery and has until recently been regarded as uncommon . Recent reports have suggested that it may affect 20 % or more of women following mastectomy . The symptoms are distressing and may be difficult to treat however treatment for neuropathic pain can be successful . This paper reports a retrospective cohort of consecutive mastectomy cases over a six year period in one region of whom 511 survivors were traced and eligible for survey . A total of 408 completed a questionnaire survey which revealed that 175 -LRB- 43 % -RRB- had ever suffered from postmastectomy pain syndrome and 119 -LRB- 29 % -RRB- reported current symptoms although the majority were decreasing in intensity . A striking finding was the very high cumulative prevalence in younger women -LRB- 65 % -RRB- decreasing to 26 % in the over 70 year group . The details of the onset , frequency and intensity of symptoms are described along with their natural history . The age effect on the frequency of the syndrome influences the marital status , employment status , housing , and educational status of those who report typical symptoms . Body weight and height are also associated with the frequency of post mastectomy pain syndrome . Relationship between the frequency of post mastectomy pain syndrome and radiotherapy , chemotherapy and the use of tamoxifen are difficult to unravel because of the combinations of pre and post operative treatments received confounded by age . The implications of a much higher frequency of post mastectomy pain are discussed with regard to management and counselling . The high frequency of the syndrome in the younger women is important and possible explanations are explored . Chronic pain after breast cancer treatment is a major clinical problem , affecting 25 to 60 % of patients . Development of chronic pain after breast cancer treatment , as well as other surgical procedures , involves a complex pathophysiology that involves pre - , intra - and post-operative factors . This review is a systematic analysis on methodology and evidence in research into persistent pain after breast cancer treatment during the period 1995 to 2010 , in order to clarify the significance and relative role of potential risk factors . Literature was identified by a search in PubMed and OVID , as well as by obtaining relevant studies from a systematic review of reference lists . Sixty papers were identified , most of these being retrospective or questionnaires . Only 2 studies included quantitative sensory testing and only 26 studies were prospective . Furthermore , about a third of the studies did not apply modern principles of surgical and adjuvant therapy . In summary , the data show inconsistencies in definition of chronic pain and treatment groups , as well as in the collection of pre - intra - and post-operative data , precluding conclusions with regard to pathophysiologic mechanisms as well as rational strategies for prevention and treatment . However , nerve damage and radiotherapy appear to be significant risk factors for chronic pain . A proposal for the design of future prospective studies is presented . A comprehensive and systematic approach to research in chronic pain after breast cancer treatment is necessary in order to understand the pathophysiology and thus develop strategies for prevention and treatment . Persistent pain and sensory disturbances following surgical treatment for breast cancer is a significant clinical problem . The pathogenic mechanisms are complex and may be related to patient characteristics , surgical technique , and adjuvant therapy . To examine prevalence of and factors associated with persistent pain after surgical treatment for breast cancer . A nationwide cross-sectional questionnaire study of 3754 women aged 18 to 70 years who received surgery and adjuvant therapy -LRB- if indicated -RRB- for primary breast cancer in Denmark between January 1 , 2005 , and December 31 , 2006 . A study questionnaire was sent to the women between January and April 2008 . Prevalence , location , and severity of persistent pain and sensory disturbances in 12 well-defined treatment groups assessed an average of 26 months after surgery , and adjusted odds ratio -LRB- OR -RRB- of reported pain and sensory disturbances with respect to age , surgical technique , chemotherapy , and radiotherapy . By June 2008 , 3253 of 3754 eligible women -LRB- 87 % -RRB- returned the questionnaire . A total of 1543 patients -LRB- 47 % -RRB- reported pain , of whom 201 -LRB- 13 % -RRB- had severe pain , 595 -LRB- 39 % -RRB- had moderate pain , and 733 -LRB- 48 % -RRB- had light pain . Factors associated with chronic pain included young age -LRB- 18-39 years : OR , 3.62 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 2.25-5.82 ; P < .001 -RRB- and adjuvant radiotherapy -LRB- OR , 1.50 ; 95 % CI , 1.08-2.07 ; P = .03 -RRB- , but not chemotherapy -LRB- OR , 1.01 ; 95 % CI , 0.85-1.21 ; P = .91 -RRB- . Axillary lymph node dissection -LRB- ALND -RRB- was associated with increased likelihood of pain -LRB- OR , 1.77 ; 95 % CI , 1.43-2.19 ; P < .001 -RRB- compared with sentinel lymph node dissection . Risk of sensory disturbances was associated with young age -LRB- 18-39 years : OR , 5.00 ; 95 % CI , 2.87-8.69 ; P < .001 -RRB- and ALND -LRB- OR , 4.97 ; 95 % CI , 3.92-6.30 ; P < .001 -RRB- . Pain complaints from other parts of the body were associated with increased risk of pain in the surgical area -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . A total of 306 patients -LRB- 20 % -RRB- with pain had contacted a physician within the prior 3 months for pain complaints in the surgical area . Two to 3 years after breast cancer treatment , persistent pain and sensory disturbances remain
The authors conducted a multisite randomized controlled trial examining the strategy of switching from olanzapine , quetiapine , or risperidone to aripiprazole to ameliorate metabolic risk factors for cardiovascular disease . Patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder with a body mass index ≥ 27 and non-high-density lipoprotein -LRB- non-HDL -RRB- cholesterol ≥ 130 mg/dl who were on a stable treatment dosage of olanzapine , quetiapine , or risperidone were randomly assigned to switch to ari-piprazole -LRB- N = 109 -RRB- for 24 weeks or stay on their current medication -LRB- N = 106 -RRB- . All participants were enrolled in a behaviorally oriented diet and exercise program . Clinical raters were blinded to treatment assignment . The primary and key secondary outcomes were change in non-HDL cholesterol and efficacy failure , respectively . The prespecified primary analysis included 89 switchers and 98 stayers who had at least one postbaseline non-HDL cholesterol measurement . The least squares mean estimates of non-HDL cholesterol decreased more for the switch group than for the stay group -LRB- -20.2 mg/dl and -10.8 mg/dl , respectively -RRB- . Twenty-two switchers -LRB- 20.6 % -RRB- and 18 stayers -LRB- 17.0 % -RRB- experienced protocol-defined efficacy failure . Forty-seven switchers -LRB- 43.9 % -RRB- and 26 stayers -LRB- 24.5 % -RRB- discontinued the assigned antipsychotic medication before 24 weeks . Rates of efficacy failure were similar between groups , but switching to aripiprazole was associated with a higher rate of treatment discontinuation .
Numerous systematic reviews investigating the effects of mesenchymal stem cells -LRB- MSCs -RRB- in treating knee osteoarthritis -LRB- OA -RRB- have been published with controversial conclusion . The purpose of the overview was -LRB- 1 -RRB- to perform an overview of systematic reviews investigating MSCs for knee OA and -LRB- 2 -RRB- to synthesize evidence qualitatively to assess confidence in the review findings . A systematic search of systematic reviews published through Aug 2017 was conducted using the MEDLINE , EMBASE and Cochrane Library . The methodological quality and risk of bias of included systematic reviews was assessed by AMSTAR instrument and ROBIS tool , respectively . Best evidence choice procedure was conducted according to the Jadad decision algorithm . The systematic reviews with high methodological quality and low risk of bias were selected ultimately for further evidence synthesis based on the CERQual tool . Four systematic reviews were eligible for inclusion . According to the ROBIS tool , there was one systematic review with low risk of bias and three with high risk of bias . Thus , only one systematic review conducted by Pas et al. with highest AMSTAR score and low risk of bias was selected . For all outcomes after evidence synthesis via the CERQual tool , confidence for decision making was either low -LRB- self-reported measurement and MRI/histological outcome -RRB- or moderate -LRB- adverse events -RRB- . Further high-quality studies with high internal and external validity are still required . This review article outlines the recent advances , uses , and adverse effects of cell-based therapy for chronic pain management . Cell based therapies are gaining increasing ground as novel treatment modalities for a variety of pain pathologies that include , but are not limited to , neuropathic pain and degenerative disc disease . As these treatment modalities become more common practice , we have focused our review to provide pain practitioners and other practicing physicians an understanding of the technology and to summarize key clinical data and existing clinical trials that are being pursued by clinical investigators worldwide . Review of stem cell technology and applications in pain management . Narrative review . The Pubmed NCBI and EMBASE databases was utilized to review published reports of clinical studies reported from 2000 to 2015 , and ClinicalTrials.gov -LRB- www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/search -RRB- search function was used to document ongoing clinical trials -LSB- keywords : `` chronic pain , '' `` disc pain , '' `` cell therapy , '' `` osteoarthritis , '' `` neuropathic , '' `` stem cell '' -RSB- currently active and recruiting patients . Articles were screened by title , abstract , and full article review . They were then analyzed by specific clinical indications and appropriate data were presented based on critical analysis of those articles . More studies looking at the systematic use of stem cells in pain management will be required to draw conclusions about the benefits of the technology . Though the data from existing studies look promising for the use of stem cells as a novel therapeutic strategy for discogenic pain , neuropathic pain , and osteoarthritis , additional clinical studies will be needed to validate the benefit of the technology for clinical use . However , we hope that this narrative review will help guide pain physicians in making informed decisions for their patients about the potential of cell-based therapy for treating chronic pain conditions . To evaluate the efficacy of 3 commercially available systems : the Harvest SmartPReP 2 BMAC , Biomet BioCUE , and Arteriocyte Magellan systems . We compared the number and concentration of progenitor cells achieved both before and after centrifugation and the percentage of progenitor cells salvaged after centrifugation . Forty patients , mean age 47 ± 18 years -LRB- range : 18-92 years , 19 male/21 female -RRB- were prospectively consented for bilateral iliac crest aspiration . The first 20 aspirations compared the Harvest and Biomet systems , and based on those results , the second 20 compared the Harvest and Arteriocyte systems . One system was randomly assigned to each iliac crest . Each system 's unique marrow acquisition process and centrifugation mechanism was followed . Samples for analysis were taken both immediately before the marrow was put into the centrifugation system -LRB- after acquisition -RRB- , and after centrifugation . The number of progenitor cells in each sample was estimated by counting the connective tissue progenitors -LRB- CTPs -RRB- . The Harvest system achieved a significantly greater number and concentration of CTPs both before and after centrifugation when compared to the Biomet system . There was no difference in the percent yield of CTPs after centrifugation . There was no significant difference in the number and concentration of CTPs between the Harvest and Arteriocyte systems before centrifugation , but the Harvest system had a significantly greater number and concentration of CTPs after centrifugation . The Harvest system also had a significantly higher percent yield of CTPs after centrifugation compared with the Arteriocyte system . The Harvest system resulted in a greater CTP number and concentration after centrifugation when compared with the Biomet and Arteriocyte systems and may thus provide increased osteogenic and chondrogenic capacity . Bone marrow aspirate concentrate -LRB- BMAC -RRB- is increasingly used as a regenerative therapy for musculoskeletal pathological conditions despite limited evidence-based support . BMAC will prove feasible , safe , and efficacious for the treatment of pain due to mild to moderate degenerative joint disease of the knee . Randomized controlled trial ; Level of evidence , 2 . In this prospective , single-blind , placebo-controlled trial , 25 patients with bilateral knee pain from bilateral osteoarthritis were randomized to receive BMAC into one knee and saline placebo into the other . Fifty-two milliliters of bone marrow was aspirated from the iliac crests and concentrated in an automated centrifuge . The resulting BMAC was combined with platelet-poor plasma for an injection into the arthritic knee and was compared with a saline injection into the
Increasing evidence supporting the role of immune checkpoint blockade in cancer management has been bolstered by recent reports demonstrating significant and durable clinical responses across multiple tumour types , including metastatic urothelial carcinoma -LRB- mUC -RRB- . The majority of these results are achieved via blockade of the programmed death -LRB- PD -RRB- axis , which like CTLA-4 blockade permits T-cell activation and immune-mediated anti-tumour activity - essentially harnessing the patient 's own immune system to mount an anti-neoplastic response . However , while clinical responses can be striking , our understanding of the biology of immune checkpoint blockade is only beginning to shed light on how to maximize and even improve patient outcomes with immune checkpoint blockade , especially in UC . We performed a literature review for immune checkpoint blockade with a focus on rationale for checkpoint therapy and outcomes in UC . We also highlight the advances made in other tumour types , with a focus on the recent 2015 meeting of the American Society for Clinical Oncology . In heavily pre-treated UC , trials are suggesting objective response rates above 30 % . These impressive results are seen across multiple different tumour types , especially those with high burden of DNA level mutations . Identification of prognostic biomarkers is currently under investigation , in order to improve patient selection . Interestingly , response to PD-1 directed therapy is seen even in patients with no evidence of PD-1 positivity on immunohistochemistry . This has led to the development of enhanced biomarkers including assessing DNA mutation rates and immune gene signatures , to improve patient selection . Immune checkpoint blockade is an exciting cancer treatment modality which is demonstrating impressive clinical results across multiple tumour types . For UC , anti-PD directed therapy represents a much needed treatment in the metastatic , post chemotherapy context . Potential for these agents to have clinical utility in non-metastatic UC is still to be assessed . Bladder cancer remains the most immunogenic and expensive malignant tumor in the United States today . As the 4th leading cause of death from cancer in United States , Immunotherapy blocking immune checkpoints have been recently been applied to many aggressive cancers and changed interventions of urological cancers including advanced bladder cancer . The applied inhibition of PD-1-PD-L1 interactions can restore antitumor T-cell activity and enhance the cellular immune attack on antigens . Bladder urothelial cancers remain an important urologic cancer with limited treatment options in the locally advanced and metastatic setting . While neoadjuvant chemotherapy for locally advanced muscle-invasive cancers has shown overall survival benefit , clinical uptake in practice have lagged behind . Controversies surrounding adjuvant chemotherapy use are also ongoing . Systemic therapies for metastatic bladder cancer have largely used platinum-based therapies without effective standard second-line therapy options for those who fail , although vinflunine is approved in Europe as a second-line therapy based on a Phase III trial , and most recently , atezolizumab , a checkpoint inhibitor , was approved by the US FDA . Given increasing recognition of mutational signatures expressed in urothelial carcinomas , several promising agents with use of VEGF-targeted therapies , HER2-directed agents and immunotherapies with PD-1 / PD-L1 antibodies in various settings are discussed herein . Strategies to help improve the efficacy of the immune system against cancer represent an important innovation , with recent attention having focused on anti-programmed death -LRB- PD -RRB- -1 / PD-ligand 1 -LRB- L1 -RRB- monoclonal antibodies . Clinical trials have shown objective clinical activity of these agents -LRB- e.g. , nivolumab , pembrolizumab -RRB- in several malignancies , including melanoma , non-small-cell lung cancer , bladder cancer , squamous head and neck cancer , renal cell cancer , ovarian cancer , microsatellite-unstable colorectal cancer , and Hodgkin 's lymphoma . Expression of PD-L1 in the tumor microenvironment appears to be crucial for therapeutic activity , and initial trials suggested positive PD-L1 tumor expression was associated with higher response rates . However , subsequent observations have questioned the prospect of using PD-L1 expression as a biomarker for selecting patients for therapy , especially since many patients considered PD-L1-negative experience a benefit from treatment . Importantly , there is not yet a definitive test for determination of PD-L1 and a cut-off reference for PD-L1-positive status has not been established . Immunohistochemistry with different antibodies and different thresholds has been used to define PD-L1 positivity -LRB- 1-50 % -RRB- , with no clear superiority of one threshold over another for identifying which patients respond . Moreover , the type of cells on which PD-L1 expression is most relevant is not yet clear , with immune infiltrate cells and tumor cells both being used . In conclusion , while PD-L1 expression is often a predictive factor for treatment response , it must be complemented by other biomarkers or histopathologic features , such as the composition and amount of inflammatory cells in the tumor microenvironment and their functional status . Multi-parameter quantitative or semi-quantitative algorithms may become useful and reliable tools to guide patient selection . Systemic therapy for bladder cancer , both localized muscle-invasive disease and metastatic disease , has seen minimal progress over the past two decades . Current approaches rely upon cytotoxic chemotherapy combinations aimed at increasing cure rates or achieving palliation and disease control , but these regimens are fraught with short - and long-term toxicities and outcomes remain suboptimal . The emergence of systemic immunotherapies that can provide durable remissions in subsets of patients with other malignancies has the potential to transform the field , and early phase trials have begun to demonstrate activity in some patients with metastatic bladder cancer . In this article , we review the current state of systemic therapy for bladder cancer and discuss the current literature and ongoing trials utilizing various immunotherapies . We review the biological mechanisms of action , clinical safety and efficacy of immunotherapies for urothelial carcinoma . We also describe current areas of research in immunotherapy , and
1 . The number of heart transplant operations performed in the US has increased by 51 procedures between 1997 -LRB- 2,294 -RRB- and 1998 -LRB- 2,345 -RRB- . The number of lung transplants decreased by 67 in 1998 -LRB- 862 -RRB- . 2 . The most frequently reported indication for heart transplantation in the US is coronary artery disease -LRB- 44.6 % -RRB- . For other thoracic transplants , the most frequently reported indications include other/unknown -LRB- 43.9 % -RRB- for double lung , emphysema/COPD -LRB- 53.5 % -RRB- for single lung and other/unknown -LRB- 53.2 % -RRB- for heart-lung . The most frequently reported diagnoses for thoracic transplantation outside the US include cardiomyopathy -LRB- 50.5 % -RRB- for heart , cystic fibrosis -LRB- 32.0 % -RRB- for double lung , idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis -LRB- 32.7 % -RRB- for single lung and congenital heart disease -LRB- 24.7 % -RRB- for heart-lung . 3 . US heart transplant recipients were predominately male -LRB- 77 % -RRB- , between 50-64 years old -LRB- 51.4 % -RRB- and White -LRB- 81.7 % -RRB- . In contrast , US lung transplant recipients are predominantly female -LRB- 51.3 % -RRB- , between 50-64 years of age -LRB- 44.7 % -RRB- and White -LRB- 89.7 % -RRB- . No meaningful variance from the US recipient demographic profile was noted for the non-US recipients during the same time period . 4 . Pediatric recipients -LRB- < 18 years of age -RRB- received 10.9 % of the reported heart transplants and 6.5 % of reported lung transplants . 5 . One-year survival for thoracic transplants performed in the US was 83.2 % for heart , 70.6 % for lung and 62.5 % . Five-year survival for US thoracic transplants was 70 % for heart and 49.1 % for lung . 6 . Long-term patient survival rates were : 22.3 % at 18 years for heart , 20 % at 9 years for lung and 25 % at 12 years for heart-lung recipients . 7 . The most important risk factor for mortality of US heart recipients at one month , one and 5 years after transplantation was receipt of a previous heart transplant . Significant short-term risk factors included donor age , recipient age and ischemic time . Substantial long-term risk factors include older donor age , donor race and recipient race . 8 . The factors having the most significant impact on lung mortality at all time points were related to either the patient 's medical condition -LRB- e.g. , in the ICU prior to transplant , requiring mechanical ventilation -RRB- or diagnosis . 9 . Mechanical ventilation and previous transplant had the largest impact on heart-lung mortality . 10 . For heart and lung recipients , the major cause of hospitalization during the first posttransplant year was infection . Heart transplantation has become an acceptable treatment in pediatric patients with end-stage heart disease and complex congenital heart disease . The liberalization of recipient eligibility criteria , mainly age , along with the expansion of the donor pool has resulted in the acceptable transplantation of older recipients . Between July 1994 and June 1998 , 39 pediatric patients aged 16 days to 17.6 years -LRB- median 6.68 years -RRB- and 123 elderly patients aged 60 to 74.8 years -LRB- median 64.1 years -RRB- were transplanted at our institution . In the pediatric group , 19 had idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy -LRB- DCM -RRB- -LRB- 46 % -RRB- , 14 had congenital heart disease -LRB- 34 % -RRB- , 4 had other etiologies of cardiomyopathy -LRB- 10 % -RRB- , 2 had transplant coronary artery disease -LRB- TCAD -RRB- -LRB- 5 % -RRB- , and 1 each had acute rejection and graft failure . In the elderly group , 71 had ischemic cardiomyopathy -LRB- 58 % -RRB- , 38 had DCM -LRB- 31 % -RRB- , 9 had other forms of cardiomyopathy -LRB- 7 % -RRB- , and 5 had TCAD -LRB- 4 % -RRB- . Thirty-day , 1-year , and 4-year survival was 97.4 % , 87.2 % , and 70.9 % for the pediatric group and 92.7 % , 81.3 % , and 79.3 % for the elderly group . -LSB- emsp3 -RSB- Orthotopic heart transplantation is effective for the treatment of irreparable congenital and end-stage heart disease . It provides excellent long-term results in both the very young and elderly . Cardiac transplantation for children with endstage heart disease has become an accepted form of therapy and is being practiced with increasing frequency and improving short-term outcome . To assess the medium-term outcome of pediatric cardiac transplantation , we analyzed our experience with 72 patients under the age of 18 -LRB- range , 0.1 to 17.7 years ; mean , 9 + / - 6.4 -LSB- SD -RSB- -RRB- who underwent orthotopic cardiac transplantation at Stanford University between 1977 and 1993 . There were 38 male and 34 female patients . Preoperative diagnoses included congenital heart disease in 24 -LRB- 33 % -RRB- , idiopathic cardiomyopathy in 27 -LRB- 37 % -RRB- , viral cardiomyopathy in 12 -LRB- 17 % -RRB- , and familial cardiomyopathy in 7 -LRB- 10 % -RRB- patients . Immunosuppressive management has evolved over time and has included a tapering schedule of steroids , azathioprine , rabbit antithymocyte globulin , cyclosporine in all patients after 1980 , and induction with OKT3 since 1987 . Operative mortality rate was 12.5 + / - 4.0 % -LRB- mean + / - 70 % confidence intervals -RRB- . Causes of death included infection in 8 -LRB- 28 % of deaths -RRB- , rejection in 7 -LRB- 24 % -RRB- , graft coronary disease in 5 -LRB- 17 % -RRB- , pulmonary hypertension in 4 -LRB- 14 % -RRB- , and nonspecific graft failure in 2 -LRB- 7 % -RRB- patients . Survival rates were similar for patients over and those under age 10 years -LRB- including the infant cohort of 18 patients transplanted since 1986
The vast majority of undiagnosed unilateral pleural effusions have fluid sent for cytological analysis . Despite widespread use , there is uncertainty about its sensitivity to diagnose malignant pleural effusions -LRB- MPEs -RRB- . Our aim was to ascertain the utility of cytology using a large prospective cohort.Consecutive patients presenting with an undiagnosed unilateral pleural effusion were recruited to this UK-based study . All had pleural fluid sent for cytological analysis . Cytological sensitivity was based on the final diagnosis at 12 months , confirmed by two consultants.Over 8 years , 921 patients were recruited , of which 515 had a MPE . Overall sensitivity of fluid cytology to diagnose malignancy was 46 % -LRB- 95 % CI 42-58 % -RRB- . There was variation in sensitivity depending on cancer primary , with mesothelioma -LRB- 6 % -RRB- and haematological malignancies -LRB- 40 % -RRB- being significantly lower than adenocarcinomas -LRB- 79 % -RRB- . MPEs secondary to ovarian cancer had high pick-up rates -LRB- 95 % -RRB- . In asbestos-exposed males with exudative effusions , the risk of MPE was 60 % , but cytological sensitivity was 11 % . This is the largest prospective study of pleural fluid cytology and informs discussions with patients about the likely requirement for investigations following thoracentesis . In patients presenting with a clinical suspicion of mesothelioma , cytological sensitivity is low , so more definitive investigations could be performed sooner . To investigate the etiology of pleural effusions -LRB- PE -RRB- in adults and the accuracy of pleural fluid -LRB- PF -RRB- cytology and cultures in malignant and infectious PE , respectively . Retrospective analysis of all consecutive patients with PE undergoing diagnostic thoracentesis during the last 19 years in a university hospital . The leading causes of PE among the 3,077 patients were : cancer -LRB- 27 % -RRB- , heart failure -LRB- 21 % -RRB- , pneumonia -LRB- 19 % -RRB- , tuberculosis -LRB- 9 % -RRB- , abdominal surgery -LRB- 4 % -RRB- , pericardial diseases -LRB- 4 % -RRB- and cirrhosis -LRB- 3 % -RRB- . Tuberculosis was the most common etiology in patients < 34 years of age -LRB- 52 % -RRB- , whereas heart failure predominated in octogenarians -LRB- 45 % -RRB- . The most common primary tumors in malignant PE were lung -LRB- 37 % -RRB- and breast -LRB- 16 % -RRB- . The overall accuracy of PF cytology was 59 % , although it was significantly lower in mesotheliomas -LRB- 27 % -RRB- and squamous cell lung cancer -LRB- 25 % -RRB- . In infectious PE , only 30 % of cultures yielded positive results , a percentage which increased two-fold -LRB- 66 % -RRB- in purulent fluids -LRB- empyemas -RRB- . Viridans streptococci were the most commonly isolated pathogens -LRB- 25.5 % -RRB- . The sensitivity of solid media cultures of PF for Mycobacterium tuberculosis was low -LRB- 18.5 % -RRB- . Three-quarters of patients with PE in whom a diagnostic thoracentesis was indicated had cancer , heart failure , pneumonia or tuberculosis . PF cytology and cultures give false negative results in a significant number of cases . Pleural effusion may complicate various diseases . To facilitate the differential diagnosis of pleural effusion , the authors conducted an epidemiologic study of incidence and etiology of different types of pleural effusions in a well-defined region in central Bohemia . During a 1-year period , the authors worked with the general practitioners and other physicians from the local hospital to identify patients with pleural effusion either while the patient was alive or at autopsy . During this period , 142 individuals -LRB- 93 living and 49 at autopsy -RRB- with pleural effusion were identified among a population of 44,000 -LRB- incidence = 0.32 percent -RRB- . We conclude that pleural effusions are relatively common and if these figures are extrapolated to the United States and Czechoslovakia respectively , one could expect at least 800,000 cases in the United States and 48,000 in Czechoslovakia annually . Over 90 percent of the pleural effusions will be due to congestive heart failure , malignancy , pneumonia , or pulmonary emboli . The evidence base concerning the management of benign pleural effusions has lagged behind that of malignant pleural effusions in which recent randomised trials are now informing current clinical practice and international guidelines.The causes of benign pleural effusions are broad , heterogenous and patients may benefit from individualised management targeted at both treating the underlying disease process and direct management of the fluid . Pleural effusions are very common in a number of non-malignant pathologies , such as decompensated heart failure , and following coronary artery bypass grafting . Pleural fluid analysis forms an important basis of the diagnostic evaluation , and more specific assays and imaging modalities are helpful in specific subpopulations.Options for management beyond treatment of the underlying disorder , whenever possible , include therapeutically aspirating the fluid , talc pleurodesis and insertion of an indwelling pleural catheter . Randomised trials will inform clinicians in the future as to the risks and benefits of these options providing a guide as to how best to manage patient symptoms in this challenging clinical setting . The clinical relevance of pleural effusions in lung cancer has seldom been approached systematically . The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence , causes and natural history of lung cancer-associated pleural effusions , as well as their influence on survival . Retrospective review of clinical records and imaging of 556 consecutive patients with a newly diagnosed lung cancer over a 4-year period at our institution . Lung cancer comprised 490 non-small cell and 66 small cell types . About 40 % of patients with lung cancer developed pleural effusions at some time during the course of their disease . In half the patients , the effusions were too small to be tapped . These effusions did not progress to require a pleural intervention . Patients with minimal effusions had
The use of an ilioinguinal-hypogastric nerve block -LRB- IHNB -RRB- as part of a monitored anesthesia care -LRB- MAC -RRB- technique has been associated with a rapid recovery profile for outpatients undergoing inguinal herniorrhaphy procedures . This study was designed to compare the cost-effectiveness of an IHNB-MAC technique with standardized general and spinal anesthetics techniques for inguinal herniorrhaphy in the ambulatory setting . We randomly assigned 81 consenting outpatients to receive IHNB-MAC , general anesthesia , or spinal anesthesia . We evaluated recovery times , 24-h postoperative side effects and associated incremental costs . Compared with general and spinal anesthesia , patients receiving IHNB-MAC had the shortest time-to-home readiness -LRB- 133 + / -68 min vs. 171 + / -40 and 280 + / -83 min -RRB- , lowest pain score at discharge -LRB- 15 + / -14 mm vs. 39 + / -28 and 34 + / -32 mm -RRB- , and highest satisfaction at 24-h follow-up -LRB- 75 % vs. 36 % and 64 % -RRB- . The total anesthetic costs were also the least in the IHNB-MAC group -LRB- $ 132.73 + / -33.80 vs. $ 172.67 + / -29.82 and $ 164.97 + / -31.03 -RRB- . We concluded that IHNB-MAC is the most cost-effective anesthetic technique for outpatients undergoing unilateral inguinal herniorrhaphy with respect to speed of recovery , patient comfort , and associated incremental costs . Early in the 20th century , thyroid surgery was performed using local anesthetic techniques . When general anesthesia became safer , surgeons started performing thyroidectomy exclusively under general anesthesia . However , recent descriptions of thyroidectomy under local anesthesia claim similar results to thyroidectomy under general anesthesia . Surgery conducted under local anesthesia can result in early discharge , ie , a hospital stay of less than 8 hours . Thyroidectomy can be performed under local anesthesia with monitored anesthesia care -LRB- MAC -RRB- with results similar to general anesthesia in an outpatient or inpatient surgery setting . A prospective randomized study comparing local anesthesia with MAC vs general anesthesia in adult patients undergoing thyroidectomy in a potential outpatient setting , defined as same-day discharge . Patients were excluded if they were not able to receive local or general anesthesia . In addition , we performed an outcome evaluation of the use of local anesthesia with MAC for thyroidectomy and the use of outpatient surgery for thyroidectomy . We compared 58 consecutive thyroidectomies performed prior to the study with 58 consecutive thyroidectomies performed after the study . A 486-bed university-affiliated hospital . Fifty-eight patients undergoing thyroidectomy received random assignment : 29 to local anesthesia with MAC and 29 to general anesthesia under study protocol . Fifty-one surgical procedures -LRB- 88 % -RRB- were completed as outpatient surgery . No significant differences were found between the 2 study groups in demographics , postoperative adverse symptoms , complications , hospital admission , or patient satisfaction . Patients in the general anesthesia group spent , on average , more time postoperatively than patients in the group that received local anesthesia with MAC in the outpatient surgery center until same-day discharge -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- . When compared before the study , we found a significant increase after the randomized study in the use of local anesthesia with MAC -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- and outpatient thyroidectomies -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . Thyroidectomy can be performed in the studied patient population under either general anesthesia or local anesthesia with MAC , expecting similar operative results , clinical results , and patient satisfaction . In addition , local anesthesia with MAC can reduce the postoperative time spent in an outpatient surgery setting with potential health care cost savings . Conscious sedation using monitored anesthesia care can provide a clinical spectrum from relaxation to moderate anesthesia . This middle ground between general anesthesia and `` pure '' tumescent liposuction can help facilitate patient comfort and surgical proficiency during the procedure . To describe a method of liposuction surgery with monitored anesthesia care in which a designated licensed and qualified individual is responsible for administration of supplemental intravenous conscious sedation as well as continuous monitoring of the patient . Conscious sedation is induced with midazolam , and the patient is titrated to level II-V on the Ramsey sedation scale with propofol . The basic surgical technique is that of tumescent liposuction . However , the supplemental conscious sedation allows the tumescent fluid to be infiltrated at higher rates and fat extraction to be completed in a shorter period with minimal or no discomfort . In the authors ' experience with more than 5,000 cases of liposuction surgery using this method , safety and efficacy have been proved . No patients have experienced significant adverse effects . Tumescent liposuction surgery with monitored anesthesia care provides a middle ground between general anesthesia and purely tumescent liposuction . Breast augmentation is one of the leading esthetic surgeries , enjoying high satisfaction rates . Pain , nausea , and vomiting are frequent shortcomings of the immediate postoperative period . The aim of this study was to compare breast augmentation from the anesthetic point of view : general anesthesia -LRB- GA -RRB- versus monitored anesthesia care -LRB- MAC -RRB- . The charts of 115 patients were reviewed in this retrospective study performed over a period of 2 years . Sixty-nine women chose to have the surgery done under MAC , and 46 under GA. . Statistically significant differences were noted in both postoperative hospital stay -LRB- 16.1 + / - 6.78 hours vs. 11.7 + / - 6.10 hours -RRB- and frequency of vomiting -LRB- mean , 0.5 vs. 0.22 times per patient -RRB- after GA and MAC , respectively -LRB- Mann-Whitney , P < 0.01 -RRB- . Postoperative pain , assessed using the visual analog scale , was significantly higher -LRB- mean visual analog scale , 5 vs. 3.27 -RRB- when the prosthesis was placed in the submuscular plane compared with the subglandular plane -LRB- Mann-Whitney ,
Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome -LRB- OSAS -RRB- is an independent risk factor for the development of cardiovascular events and hypertension . The possible causes are oxygen desaturation due to hypopnea , increased cytokine levels and insulin resistance . All these risk factors also have a role in the progression of chronic kidney disease -LRB- CKD -RRB- . The aim of this study was to determine the relationship between OSAS and the severity of CKD . We retrospectively evaluated the medical records of 175 subjects who were admitted for the polysomnography study . OSAS was diagnosed by polysomnography if Apnea-Hypopnea Index -LRB- AHI -RRB- > 5 and glomerular filtration rate -LRB- GFR -RRB- was calculated with Cockcroft-Gault formula . According to AHI , individuals with AHI < 5 were recruited as group 1 -LRB- OSAS negative group -RRB- , those with AHI = 5-15 group 2 -LRB- mild OSAS group -RRB- , those with AHI = 15-30 group 3 -LRB- moderate OSAS group -RRB- , and those with AHI > 30 group 4 -LRB- severe OSAS group -RRB- . Of the subjects , 117 -LRB- 67 % -RRB- were men , 58 -LRB- 33 % -RRB- were women and the mean age was 54.0 ± 12.1 years . There were 28 -LRB- 14.3 % -RRB- , 18 -LRB- 10.3 % -RRB- , 35 -LRB- 20.0 % -RRB- and 97 -LRB- 55.4 % -RRB- patients in groups 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 respectively . The prevalence of diabetes mellitus and hypertension and body mass index was significantly higher in severe OSAS group -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . A significant decrease in GFR was detected when the severity of OSAS increased -LRB- group 1 = 50.0 ± 11.8 , group 2 = 44.8 ± 15.9 , group 3 = 40.8 ± 14.7 , group 4 = 38.8 ± 16.0 ; P for trend < 0.001 -RRB- . In the light of the present study , we speculate that OSAS is an independent risk factor for the progression of chronic kidney disease , which is a growing health problem . Further randomized-multicenter prospective studies are warranted to evaluate this relationship . Polysomnographic sleep studies in patients on dialysis who complain of day-time fatigue or sleepiness reveal significant apnea in up to 73 % of those studied . Abnormalities in respiratory controller mechanisms from chronic hypocarbia , metabolic acidosis , and uremic toxins have been blamed for the occurrence of apnea in this setting . Proteinuria and sometimes nephrotic syndrome have been recognized in morbidly obese patients with sleep apnea syndrome . Renal biopsies of such patients have shown glomerulomegaly and focal segmental sclerosis . It is postulated that these lesions may result from increased glomerular filtration and blood flow . Elevated urine output , sodium and chloride excretion , and atrial natriuretic peptide have been well demonstrated in obstructive apnea patients and correct to control levels with treatment of the apnea . Both acute -LRB- with each apnea -RRB- and chronic daytime blood pressure elevation are frequently observed in sleep apnea patients , and occult sleep apnea is postulated as one possible cause of `` primary '' hypertension in middle-aged men . In younger patients , such hypertension seems to be more reversible with the elimination of apnea . In older patients , however , the cure of systemic hypertension can not be guaranteed with the elimination of the apnea , and asymptomatic apnea patients tend not to tolerate the bother and discomfort of apnea treatment with nasal continuous positive airway pressure . Therefore , aside from a careful history regarding sleep symptomatology , polysomnographic studies of clinic populations with primary hypertension to search for apnea as a cause can not be recommended . Recent data in man provide evidence of decreased renal oxygenation in chronic kidney disease while more direct support for a causal role comes from data in rodent models showing that the decline in renal oxygenation precedes matrix accumulation , suggesting hypoxia may both initiate and promote the fibrotic response . Indeed , in vitro studies show that hypoxia can induce pro-fibrotic changes in tubulointerstitial cells . Additional postulated roles for hypoxia in chronic kidney disease are the sustaining of the inflammatory response , the recruitment , retention and differentiation towards a pro-fibrotic phenotype of circulating progenitor cells and the alteration of the function of intrinsic stem cell populations . Given that accumulating data suggests that chronic hypoxia is a final common pathway to end-stage renal disease , therapeutic strategies that target hypoxia may be of benefit in retarding progression . Normalisation of microvascular tone , administration of pro-angiogenic factors to restore microvasculature integrity , activation of hypoxia-inducible transcription factors and hypoxia-mediated targeting and mobilisation of progenitor cells are all potential targets for future therapy . The limited success of existing strategies in retarding chronic kidney disease mandates that these new avenues of treatment be explored . Sleep apnea is an important comorbidity in patients with chronic kidney disease -LRB- CKD -RRB- and end-stage renal disease -LRB- ESRD -RRB- . Although the increased prevalence of sleep apnea in patients with ESRD is well established , few studies have investigated the prevalence of sleep apnea in patients with nondialysis-dependent kidney disease , and no single study , to our knowledge , has examined the full spectrum of kidney function . We sought to determine the prevalence of sleep apnea and associated nocturnal hypoxia in patients with CKD and ESRD . We hypothesized that the prevalence of sleep apnea would increase progressively as kidney function declines . Two hundred fifty-four patients were recruited from outpatient nephrology clinics and hemodialysis units . All patients completed an overnight cardiopulmonary monitoring test to determine the prevalence of sleep apnea -LRB- respiratory disturbance index ≥ 15 -RRB- and nocturnal hypoxia -LRB- oxygen saturation < 90 % for ≥ 12 % of monitoring -RRB- . Patients were stratified into three groups based on estimated glomerular filtration rate -LRB- eGFR -RRB- as follows : eGFR ≥
Advanced carcinomas that involve the head and neck present a major therapeutic challenge because of their poor prognosis , the frequently associated medical problems of the patients , and the adverse effect of treatment on oral and pharyngeal function . Collaboration and communication of multidisciplinary teams have had a profound effect on the treatment of head and neck cancer . Optical spectroscopy can provide useful diagnostic information about the morphological and biochemical changes related to the progression of precancer in epithelial tissue . As precancerous lesions develop , the optical properties of both the superficial epithelium and underlying stroma are altered ; measuring spectral data as a function of depth has the potential to improve diagnostic performance . We describe a clinical spectroscopy system with a depth-sensitive , ball lens coupled fiber-optic probe for noninvasive in vivo measurement of oral autofluorescence and diffuse reflectance spectra . We report results of spectroscopic measurements from oral sites in normal volunteers and in patients with neoplastic lesions of the oral mucosa ; results indicate that the addition of depth selectivity can enhance the detection of optical changes associated with precancer . Laser-induced fluorescence at 337-nm excitation was used in vivo to differentiate neoplastic -LSB- cervical intraepithelial neoplasia -LRB- CIN -RRB- -RSB- , nonneoplastic abnormal -LRB- inflammation and human papilloma viral infection -RRB- , and normal cervical tissues . A colposcope -LRB- low-magnification microscope used to view the cervix with reflected light -RRB- was used to identify 66 normal and 49 abnormal -LRB- 5 inflammation , 21 human papilloma virus infection , and 23 CIN -RRB- sites on the cervix in 28 patients . These sites were then interrogated spectroscopically . A two-stage algorithm was developed to diagnose CIN . The first stage differentiated histologically abnormal tissues from colposcopically normal tissues with a sensitivity , specificity , and positive predictive value of 92 % , 90 % , and 88 % , respectively . The second stage differentiated preneoplastic and neoplastic tissues from nonneoplastic abnormal tissues with a sensitivity , specificity , and positive predictive value of 87 % , 73 % , and 74 % , respectively . Spectroscopic differences were consistent with a decrease in the absolute contribution of collagen fluorescence , an increase in the absolute contribution of oxyhemoglobin attenuation , and an increase in the relative contribution of reduced nicotinamide dinucleotide phosphate -LSB- NAD -LRB- P -RRB- H -RSB- fluorescence as tissue progresses from normal to abnormal in the same patient . These results suggest that in vivo fluorescence spectroscopy of the cervix can be used to diagnose CIN at colposcopy . Any innovation which facilitates the early detection of neoplastic changes in upper aerodigestive tract mucosa has potential to greatly improve survival and quality of life in persons prone to develop malignancies in this area . One technology that has shown great promise during initial investigations is fluorescence spectroscopy . Fluorescence spectroscopy evaluates the physical and chemical properties of tissue by analyzing the intensity and character of light emitted in the form of fluorescence . This technology has been investigated for the non-invasive detection of malignancy in various sites including the gastrointestinal tract , lung , breast , and cervix . This article reviews the recent work investigating the capabilities of fluorescence spectroscopy to discriminate between normal and neoplastic mucosa in the oral cavity . Also discussed are potential applications for the detection and diagnosis of premalignant and malignant lesions of the upper aerodigestive tract , and some of the obstacles to overcome to make this technology feasible . The aim of this prospective study was to determine the technical feasibility , safety , and efficacy of transoral robotic surgery -LRB- TORS -RRB- for a variety of malignant head and neck lesions . From April 2007 to November 2007 , 20 patients were enrolled in an institutional review board-approved prospective trial using the daVinci surgical robot . Inclusion criteria for the study consisted of adults with early head and neck cancer involving the oral cavity , oropharynx , hypopharynx , and larynx . Twenty patients were included in this study . In 2 cases , access to the tumor was inadequate and the procedure was terminated . In all 18 cases , negative resection margins were achieved . Intraoral reconstruction was performed in 8 patients . Fifteen of 18 patients underwent concomitant unilateral -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- or bilateral -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- selective neck dissections . None of the patients required tracheotomy and there were no intraoperative or postoperative complications . The average setup time was 54.6 minutes -LRB- range , 140-20 minutes -RRB- , with a precipitous decrease in the setup time as the study progressed . TORS is a safe , feasible , and minimally invasive alternative to classic open surgery or endoscopic transoral laser surgery in patients with early cancer of the head and neck . With increasing experience , surgical setup as well as operative time will continue to decrease . In State T3 carcinoma of the larynx -LRB- carcinoma restricted to the vocal cords , causing complete immobility of the cords but not extending to adjacent structures -RRB- , laryngectomy leads to a three-year survival rate of approximately 60 per cent and the loss of normal speech . Radiation therapy , on the other hand , leads to a lower survival -LRB- 30 to 40 per cent at three years -RRB- but preserves normal or nearly normal speech . We investigated attitudes toward the quantity and quality of life in 37 healthy volunteers , interviewing 12 firefighters and 25 middle and upper management executives to determine their preferences for longevity and voice preservation . We used the principles of expected utility theory to develop a method for sharpening decisions involving tradeoffs between quantity and quality of life . Our analysis indicates that to maintain their voices , approximately 20 per cent of volunteers would choose radiation instead of surgery . These results suggest that treatment choices should be made on the
The term osteoarthritis describes a common , age-related , heterogeneous group of disorders characterised pathologically by focal areas of loss of articular cartilage in synovial joints , associated with varying degrees of osteophyte formation , subchondral bone change , and synovitis . Joint damage is caused by a mixture of systemic factors that predispose to the disease , and local mechanical factors that dictate its distribution and severity . Various genetic abnormalities have been described , but most sporadic osteoarthritis probably depends on minor contributions from several genetic loci . Osteoarthritic joint damage may be associated with clinical problems , but the severity of joint disease is only weakly related to that of the clinical problem . For this reason the associations and pathogenesis of pain are in as much need of investigation as joint damage . Subchondral bone and synovium may be responsible for nociceptive stimuli , and peripheral neuronal sensitisation is an important feature , and can result in normal activities -LRB- such as walking -RRB- causing pain . Central pain sensitisation can also occur , and psychosocial factors are important determinants of pain severity . We present a stepwise approach to the management of osteoarthritis . To update the projected prevalence of self-reported , doctor-diagnosed arthritis and arthritis-attributable activity limitations among US adults ages 18 years and older from 2005 through 2030 . Baseline age - and sex-specific prevalence rates of arthritis and activity limitation , using the latest surveillance case definitions , were estimated from the 2003 National Health Interview Survey , which is an annual , cross-sectional , population-based health interview survey of approximately 31,000 adults . These estimates were used to calculate projected arthritis prevalence and activity limitations for 2005-2030 using future population projections obtained from the US Census Bureau . The prevalence of self-reported , doctor-diagnosed arthritis is projected to increase from 47.8 million in 2005 to nearly 67 million by 2030 -LRB- 25 % of the adult population -RRB- . By 2030 , 25 million -LRB- 9.3 % of the adult population -RRB- are projected to report arthritis-attributable activity limitations . In 2030 , > 50 % of arthritis cases will be among adults older than age 65 years . However , working-age adults -LRB- 45-64 years -RRB- will account for almost one-third of cases . By 2030 , the number of US adults with arthritis and its associated activity limitation is expected to increase substantially , resulting in a large impact on individuals , the health care system , and society in general . The growing epidemic of obesity may also significantly contribute to the future burden of arthritis . Improving access and availability of current clinical and public health interventions aimed at improving quality of life among persons with arthritis through lifestyle changes and disease self-management may help lessen the long-term impact . Treatment of Osteoarthritis of the Knee : Evidence-Based Guideline , 2nd Edition , is based on a systematic review of the current scientific and clinical research . This guideline contains 15 recommendations , replaces the 2008 AAOS clinical practice guideline , and was reevaluated earlier than the 5-year recommendation of the National Guideline Clearinghouse because of methodologic concerns regarding the evidence used in the first guideline . The current guideline does not support the use of viscosupplementation for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee . In addition , the work group highlighted the need for better research in the treatment of knee osteoarthritis . Local corticosteroid injections are a relatively safe and effective adjunct in managing rheumatoid arthritis , other connective tissue arthropathies , and soft tissue rheumatism . Rheumatoid synovitis may be suppressed for three months or longer using relatively insoluble microcrystalline preparations . No convincing evidence exists , however , that joint erosive changes are retarded , and steroid injections should be considered ancillary to rest , physical therapy , nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents , and disease modifying antirheumatic drugs . The few controlled studies in hip and knee osteoarthritis have demonstrated only modest , fleeting beneficial effects . Nonetheless , clinical experience suggests that intra-articular steroids often ameliorate acute exacerbations of knee osteoarthritis associated with significant effusions , symptomatic involvement of interphalangeal and other nonweight-bearing articulations , synovial cysts , and lumbar facet arthropathy . Judicious use of intrasynovial injections seldom produces significant adverse effects . Iatrogenic infectious arthritis follows one in 14,000-50,000 injections . Rapid acceleration of cartilage attrition is observed rarely . The concept of `` corticosteroid arthropathy '' is based largely on subprimate animal studies and several anecdotal case reports ; limited investigation of primate -LRB- monkey -RRB- models has shown no significant long-term deleterious effect on cartilage . The main goal of our study was to examine the effectiveness and safety of Fermathron plus , a specific brand of hyaluronic acid -LRB- HA -RRB- , in patients with mild to moderate knee osteoarthritis . In a randomized , controlled , double-blind trial , 196 patients with symptomatic knee osteoarthritis -LRB- mean age ± SD , 59.4 ± 9.9 years , Kellgren-Lawrence grade 1-3 -RRB- were given either 3 weekly intra-articular injections of HA or saline -LRB- placebo -RRB- . Although pain and functional scores -LRB- WOMAC scale -RRB- improved significantly from baseline up to 6 months , HA was not superior to placebo at any follow-up -LRB- VAS pain 50 m walking from 56.4 to 38.1 , P < .001 , and 58.2 to 39.6 , P < .001 , respectively -RRB- . No subgroup analysis resulted in superior outcomes . No serious adverse events were noticed . To conduct a systematic review of overlapping meta-analyses comparing treatment of knee osteoarthritis -LRB- OA -RRB- with intra-articular viscosupplementation -LRB- intra-articular hyaluronic acid -LSB- IA-HA -RSB- -RRB- versus oral nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs -LRB- NSAIDs -RRB- , intra-articular corticosteroids -LRB- IA-corticosteroids -RRB- , intra-articular platelet-rich plasma -LRB- IA-PRP -RRB- , or intra-articular placebo -LRB- IA-placebo -RRB- to determine which meta-analyses provide the best current evidence and identify potential causes of discordance . Literature
INTRODUCTION The purpose of the present study was to review existing population surveys on the prevalence of infertility and proportion of couples seeking medical help for fertility problems . METHODS Population surveys , reporting the prevalence of infertility and proportion of couples seeking help in more and less developed countries , were reviewed . RESULTS Estimates on the prevalence of infertility came from 25 population surveys sampling 172 413 women . The 12-month prevalence rate ranged from 3.5 % to 16.7 % in more developed nations and from 6.9 % to 9.3 % in less-developed nations , with an estimated overall median prevalence of 9 % . In 17 studies sampling 6410 women , the proportion of couples seeking medial care was , on average , 56.1 % -LRB- range 42-76.3 % -RRB- in more developed countries and 51.2 % -LRB- range 27-74.1 % -RRB- in less developed countries . The proportion of people actually receiving care was substantially less , 22.4 % . Based on these estimates and on the current world population , 72.4 million women are currently infertile ; of these , 40.5 million are currently seeking infertility medical care . CONCLUSIONS The current evidence indicates a 9 % prevalence of infertility -LRB- of 12 months -RRB- with 56 % of couples seeking medical care . These estimates are lower than those typically cited and are remarkably similar between more and less developed countries . In this study 150 men from couples requesting ICSI were investigated for genetic abnormalities , such as constitutive chromosome abnormalities , microdeletions of the Y chromosome -LRB- AZF region -RRB- and mutations in the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator -LRB- CFTR -RRB- gene . Genetic analysis identified 16/150 -LRB- 10.6 % -RRB- abnormal karyotypes , 8/150 -LRB- 5.3 % -RRB- AZFc deletions and 14/150 -LRB- 9.3 % -RRB- CFTR gene mutations . An abnormal karyotype was found both in men with oligozoospermia and azoospermia : 9 men had a sex-chromosomal aneuploidy , 6 translocations were identified and one marker chromosome was found . Y chromosomal microdeletions were mainly associated with male infertility , due to testicular insufficiency . All deletions identified comprised the AZFc region , containing the Deleted in Azoospermia -LRB- DAZ -RRB- gene . CFTR gene mutations were commonly seen in men with congenital absence of the vas deferens , but also in 16 % of men with azoospermia without any apparent abnormality of the vas deferens . A genetic abnormality was identified in 36/150 -LRB- 24 % -RRB- men with extreme oligozoospermia and azoospermia . Application of ICSI in these couples can result in offspring with an enhanced risk of unbalanced chromosome complement , male infertility due to the transmission of a Y-chromosomal microdeletion , and cystic fibrosis if both partners are CFTR gene mutation carriers . Genetic testing and counselling is clearly indicated for these couples before ICSI is considered . To evaluate the occurrence and prevalence of microdeletions of the Y chromosome involving the DAZ -LRB- Deleted in AZoospermia -RRB- gene in patients with azoospermia or severe oligozoospermia . Controlled clinical study . University infertility clinic . Infertile men -LRB- n = 168 -RRB- with nonobstructive , idiopathic azoospermia or severe oligozoospermia and normal LH . The control group consisted of proven fathers -LRB- n = 86 -RRB- . None . Semen analysis ; polymerase chain reaction amplification of the loci sY84 , sY143 , sY254 , and sY255 ; serum FSH , LH , and T ; testicular volume . Deletions involving the sY254 and sY255 DAZ loci were found in three azoospermic patients and two men with sperm concentration < 1 x 10 -LRB- 6 -RRB- / mL . Serum FSH was elevated in four patients and was normal in one . All five patients had decreased testicular volumes compared with controls . No deletions involving the sY84 and sY143 loci were found . The four loci were amplified normally in the control group . The estimated frequency of deletions involving the DAZ locus is 3 % in azoospermic-severely oligozoospermic men consulting an infertility clinic . Polymerase chain reaction amplification of the DAZ locus is useful for the diagnosis of microdeletions of the Y chromosome . Deletions involving more proximal regions of the Y chromosome seem to be rare . The aetiology of impaired spermatogenesis is unknown in the majority of subfertile men . From several studies of concordance for involuntary childlessness among men , we can conclude that there is a substantial familial component in male subfertility and that shared loci segregating through families can be assumed . We now know that deletions on the Y chromosome , which do not penetrate fully , account for some of these cases . There are good reasons to suspect that other cases result from mutations in genes located elsewhere in the genome . In this article , we discuss different approaches to unravelling the molecular basis of impaired spermatogenesis originating from genetic abnormalities in chromosomes other than the Y chromosome . Genetic mapping studies are in general a good approach to detect disease-causing genes that are segregating through a population ; they can provide a shortcut to unravelling the biochemistry of a disease . In this paper , we explain our reasons for arguing that linkage and association studies are no promising means to identify the genes causing impaired spermatogenesis . We conclude that direct screening of candidate genes for mutations will be necessary to detect genes involved in impaired spermatogenesis . However , this approach requires studies of the biochemical pathways of normal and abnormal spermatogenesis . Since we have a poor understanding of these pathways , more research is needed into the biochemistry of spermatogenesis . Embryonic development is a complex and dynamic process with frequent changes in gene expression , ultimately leading to cellular differentiation and commitment of various cell lines . These changes are likely preceded by changes to signaling cascades and/or alterations to the epigenetic program in specific cells . The
Infections are a leading cause of death in patients with acute CNS injury such as stroke . Recent experimental evidence indicated that stroke leads to suppression of innate and adaptive peripheral immune responses which predisposes to infection . However , less is known on phenotypic and functional immune alterations in correlation with the occurrence of infectious complications in patients with acute stroke . In the recently completed randomized , double blind , placebo-controlled Preventive Antibacterial Therapy in Stroke -LRB- PANTHERIS -RRB- trial on the efficacy of short-term antibacterial therapy to prevent the development of post-stroke infections , we assessed longitudinal changes in lymphocyte subpopulations and mitogen-induced lymphocytic interferon gamma -LRB- IFN -RRB- - gamma production using flow cytometry in 80 patients with acute severe stroke at days 1 , 3 , 8 , 90 and 180 after clinical onset . Patients of the placebo and verum -LRB- moxifloxacin -RRB- treatment groups who did or did not develop infections within 11 days after stroke were compared to identify immunological changes associated with the occurrence of post-stroke infections . Rapid T-lymphopenia and long-lasting suppression of lymphocytic IFN-gamma production were observed in all stroke patients . Patients of the placebo group who developed infections showed a trend toward greater decline of CD4 + Th cell counts and higher urinary levels of norepinephrine early after stroke than patients without infections . Onset of infections was accompanied with higher plasma IL-6 levels in the placebo group but not in the moxifloxacin group . In addition , an early rise in plasma IL-10 was detected in patients who developed infections despite preventive antibacterial treatment . A rapid loss and functional deactivation of T cells are common changes in stroke patients consistent with immunodepression after brain ischemia . A stronger decrease in cellular immune responses and an increased sympathetic activity after stroke are associated with a higher risk of infections . Increased plasma levels of the anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 early after stroke may identify patients who will not respond to preventive antibacterial therapy with moxifloxacin . The third most common stroke complication is infection . We studied the rates of aspiration pneumonia and urinary tract infection -LRB- UTI -RRB- , their risk factors and their effect on outcome in the 1455 Glycine Antagonist -LRB- Gavestinel -RRB- in Neuroprotection -LRB- GAIN -RRB- International patients with ischaemic stroke . Forward stepwise logistic regression and Cox proportional hazards modelling identified baseline factors that predicted events and the independent effect of events up to day 7 on poor stroke outcome at 3 months in patients alive at day 7 , after correcting for prognostic factors . Higher baseline National Institute of Health Stroke Scale -LRB- NIHSS -RRB- and age , male gender , history of diabetes and stroke subtype predicted pneumonia , which occurred in 13.6 % of patients . Female gender and higher baseline NIHSS and age predicted UTI , which occurred in 17.2 % of patients . Pneumonia was associated with poor outcome by mortality -LRB- hazard ratio , 2.2 ; 95 % confidence interval , 1.5-3.3 -RRB- , Barthel index -LRB- < 60 -RRB- -LRB- odds ratio , 3.8 ; 2.2-6.7 -RRB- , NIHSS -LRB- 4.9 ; 1.7-14 -RRB- and Rankin scale -LRB- > / = 2 -RRB- -LRB- 3.4 ; 1.4-8.3 -RRB- . UTI was associated with Barthel index -LRB- 1.9 ; 1.2-2.9 -RRB- , NIHSS -LRB- 2.2 ; 1.2-4.0 -RRB- and Rankin scale -LRB- 3.1 ; 1.6-4.9 -RRB- . Pneumonia and UTI are independently associated with stroke poor outcome . An estimated 4 million patients per year in the United States are subjected to urinary catheterization . Approximately 25 % of patients who are hospitalized have an indwelling urinary tract catheter placed at some time during their hospital stay and nosocomial urinary tract infections develop in 5 % per day , with associated bacteremia in 4 % of patients . We sought to assess the prevalence and the appropriateness of the use of urinary catheters at a community teaching hospital in medical patients age 65 years and older . We randomly selected 285 charts from a total of 2845 patients admitted during the year 2000 who were 65 years and older and had an indwelling urinary tract catheter inserted during the first 24 hours after admission . We excluded patients who had a urinary catheter placed before admission and patients admitted for operation . On chart review we found an appropriate indication for catheterization for 46 % of these patients . A physician or nurse explicitly documented the reason for catheter placement in only 13 % . No order for catheterization was written in 33 % of the charts . Mean duration of catheter use was 3 days . Less than half of urinary catheterizations in this teaching hospital were indicated and even fewer had an explicit indication recorded in the chart . Other investigators have had similar findings at other hospitals . Interventions are needed to decrease the inappropriate use of urinary catheters .
To describe the retinal microvasculature of the eyes with nonarteritic retinal artery occlusion -LRB- RAO -RRB- based on optical coherence tomography angiography . Cross-sectional , prospective , observational study performed from September 2014 through February 2015 . En face projection of optical coherence tomography angiography images centered at the macula and optic disk of the eyes presenting with RAO were acquired using the RTVue XR Avanti with AngioVue software . Qualitative analysis of the morphology of the superficial and deep retinal capillary plexuses , and radial peripapillary capillaries was performed . Retinal vasculature images using optical coherence tomography angiography were correlated with fluorescein angiography images . Seven patients -LRB- seven eyes -RRB- were enrolled in the study , including three eyes with central RAO and four eyes with branch RAO . Distinct differences in the distribution of zones of decreased vascular perfusion between the superficial and deep retinal capillary plexus corresponding to areas of delayed dye perfusion on fluorescein angiography were demonstrated in 6 of 7 -LRB- 86.5 % -RRB- eyes . This small series suggests that optical coherence tomography angiography imaging can accurately discern retinal capillary plexuses at different levels in the eyes with RAO and may be sensitive for more precisely characterizing the extent of macular ischemia and monitoring vascular flow changes during the course of the disease . Optical coherence tomography angiography -LRB- OCTA -RRB- is a new , non-invasive imaging system that generates volumetric data of retinal and choroidal layers . It has the ability to show both structural and blood flow information . Split-spectrum amplitude-decorrelation angiography -LRB- SSADA -RRB- algorithm -LRB- a vital component of OCTA software -RRB- helps to decrease the signal to noise ratio of flow detection thus enhancing visualization of retinal vasculature using motion contrast . Published studies describe potential efficacy for OCTA in the evaluation of common ophthalmologic diseases such as diabetic retinopathy , age related macular degeneration -LRB- AMD -RRB- , retinal vascular occlusions and sickle cell disease . OCTA provides a detailed view of the retinal vasculature , which allows accurate delineation of microvascular abnormalities in diabetic eyes and vascular occlusions . It helps quantify vascular compromise depending upon the severity of diabetic retinopathy . OCTA can also elucidate the presence of choroidal neovascularization -LRB- CNV -RRB- in wet AMD . In this paper , we review the knowledge , available in English language publications regarding OCTA , and compare it with the conventional angiographic standard , fluorescein angiography -LRB- FA -RRB- . Finally , we summarize its potential applications to retinal vascular diseases . Its current limitations include a relatively small field of view , inability to show leakage , and tendency for image artifacts . Further larger studies will define OCTA 's utility in clinical settings and establish if the technology may offer a non-invasive option of visualizing the retinal vasculature , enabling us to decrease morbidity through early detection and intervention in retinal diseases . To analyze the foveal avascular zone -LRB- FAZ -RRB- in normal eyes using optical coherence tomography angiography . Prospective noncomparative case series . The parafoveal region of 70 eyes from 67 healthy subjects was imaged using optical coherence tomography angiography to visualize the superficial and deep capillary plexuses and correlated with standard macular volume scans using spectral domain optical coherence tomography to determine foveal morphology . In all 70 eyes imaged , 2 vascular plexuses could be detected within the retina : a superficial plexus within the ganglion cell layer and a deep plexus within the inner nuclear layer . A measurable FAZ was visualized in both plexuses in all imaged eyes . The FAZ area was variable in the study population with a mean of 0.266 mm ² ± 0.097 mm ² in the superficial plexus -LRB- range : 0.071 mm ² -0.527 mm ² -RRB- and a mean of 0.495 mm ² ± 0.227 mm ² in the deep plexus -LRB- range : 0.160 mm ² -0.795 mm ² -RRB- . No significant correlation was found between superficial plexus FAZ area and age -LRB- P = 0.55 -RRB- or sex -LRB- P = 0.34 -RRB- . In the same manner , no significant correlation was found between deep plexus FAZ area and age -LRB- P = 0.13 -RRB- or sex -LRB- P = 0.13 -RRB- . Optical coherence tomography angiography provides a noninvasive method to visualize and measure the superficial and deep plexus FAZ in a normal population . The FAZ can vary in size and shape , with the FAZ area significantly larger in the deep compared with the superficial plexus . Both superficial and deep FAZ area correlate inversely with foveal thickness and volume . To evaluate retinal vessel morphology using split-spectrum amplitude-decorrelation angiography with optical coherence tomography in healthy eyes . Fifty-two eyes of 26 healthy volunteers -LRB- age range from 35 to 48 years ; mean age 41.94 years ; SD : ± 4.13 -RRB- were evaluated by optical coherence tomography angiography in the macular region . The protocol acquisition consisted of a 216 × 216 A-scan that was repeated 5 times in the same position , in 3 × 3 mm centered into the fovea . All 52 eyes showed 2 separate vascular networks in the inner retina : the superficial network , located in the nerve fiber layer and in the ganglion cell layer , and the deep network , detected in the outer plexiform layer . The superficial and deep networks showed interconnections of vertical vessels . The reference planes to observe the 2 networks were defined at 60 μm , with an inner limiting membrane reference -LRB- 6 μm offset -RRB- , and 30 μm , with an inner plexiform layer reference -LRB- 60 μm offset -RRB- , respectively . Optical coherence tomography angiography can separately detect the superficial vascular and the deep vascular networks . These networks are overlaid and seem to be fused when seen with standard angiographies . Furthermore , optical coherence tomography angiography technology allows for the
Estimate symptom improvement rate of women with bleeding complaints using the etonogestrel contraceptive implant when started on continuous combined oral contraceptives -LRB- COC -RRB- . We conducted a double-blinded randomised controlled trial of women reporting troublesome bleeding related to their etonogestrel contraceptive implant and desiring intervention . Participants received continuous COCs or placebo for four weeks to evaluate self-reported bleeding improvement at four weeks . We closed the study after enrolling 26 participants due to recruitment futility . All women on COCs and 75 % of placebo users reported bleeding improvement at four weeks -LRB- p = 0.09 -RRB- , with 92 % and 42 % , respectively , reporting significant improvement -LRB- p = 0.03 -RRB- . The median number of days until bleeding stopped for at least four days in COC and placebo users was 1 day -LRB- range 1-9 -RRB- and 4.5 days -LRB- range 1-28 -RRB- , respectively -LRB- p = 0.63 -RRB- . Eight -LRB- 75 % -RRB- COC and five -LRB- 42 % -RRB- placebo users opted to continue study treatment -LRB- p = 0.41 -RRB- . Despite bleeding improvement , women who desired implant removal at enrollment were more likely to re-request removal than those who initially considered other interventions -LRB- 3 of 5 -LSB- 60 % -RSB- vs 1 of 17 -LSB- 6 % -RSB- , p = 0.03 -RRB- . Although women who have troublesome bleeding while using the contraceptive implant may experience improvement with no treatment over 4 weeks , women using COCs are more likely to report significant improvement . Clinicaltrials.gov registration number : NCT01963403 .
Albumin , dextran , gelatin , and hydroxyethyl starch -LRB- HES -RRB- solutions are colloids that efficiently expand the circulating blood volume . The administration of colloids restores the intravascular volume with minimal risk of tissue edema in comparison with crystalloid solutions alone . However , colloids are always given for surgical and critically ill patients . The outcome after fluid resuscitation with various colloids in critically ill patients seems to be comparable according to systematic reviews . Rapidly degradable HES solutions have good hemodynamic effects , and the risk of adverse renal and coagulation effects , as well as allergic reactions , is minimal . The current investigation has also shown the beneficial effect of HES solution -LRB- especially HES 130/0 .4 -RRB- on inflammatory response , postoperative nausea and vomiting , and postoperative outcome . The indication of colloids with an assessment of the degree of hypovolemia and safety profiles should thus be taken into consideration before colloid administration .
Computerized and , more recently , Internet-based treatments for depression have been developed and tested in controlled trials . The aim of this meta-analysis was to summarize the effects of these treatments and investigate characteristics of studies that may be related to the effects . In particular , the authors were interested in the role of personal support when completing a computerized treatment . Following a literature search and coding , the authors included 12 studies , with a total of 2446 participants . Ten of the 12 studies were delivered via the Internet . The mean effect size of the 15 comparisons between Internet-based and other computerized psychological treatments vs. control groups at posttest was d = 0.41 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- : 0.29-0.54 -RRB- . However , this estimate was moderated by a significant difference between supported -LRB- d = 0.61 ; 95 % CI : 0.45-0.77 -RRB- and unsupported -LRB- d = 0.25 ; 95 % CI : 0.14-0.35 -RRB- treatments . The authors conclude that although more studies are needed , Internet and other computerized treatments hold promise as potentially evidence-based treatments of depression . This article examines the prevalence , nature , and comorbidity of depressive disorders using DSM-III-R criteria among patients recruited from the waiting rooms of family physicians . A total of 1928 family practice patients completed a screening form including the Center for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression Scale -LRB- CES-D -RRB- , and patients with elevated CES-D scores were oversampled for possible interviews using the Structured Clinical Interview for the DSM-III-R -LRB- SCID -RRB- . In the resulting weighted sample of 425 , a prevalence of 13.5 % was obtained for major depression and 22.6 % for all depressive disorders . Over 40 % of the patients with major depressive disorder -LRB- MDD -RRB- were only mildly depressed . Gender and other demographic variables failed to distinguish depressed patients , but a variety of self-ratings did . Depression was associated with comorbid anxiety disorders and substance abuse . Results are discussed in terms of the implications of depression in primary care as a public health problem , but also in terms of some diagnostic issues , particularly the use of an impairment criterion for major depression . G * Power -LRB- Erdfelder , Faul , & Buchner , 1996 -RRB- was designed as a general stand-alone power analysis program for statistical tests commonly used in social and behavioral research . G * Power 3 is a major extension of , and improvement over , the previous versions . It runs on widely used computer platforms -LRB- i.e. , Windows XP , Windows Vista , and Mac OS X 10.4 -RRB- and covers many different statistical tests of the t , F , and chi2 test families . In addition , it includes power analyses for z tests and some exact tests . G * Power 3 provides improved effect size calculators and graphic options , supports both distribution-based and design-based input modes , and offers all types of power analyses in which users might be interested . Like its predecessors , G * Power 3 is free . To review recent findings on the epidemiology , burden , diagnosis , comorbidity , and treatment of depression , particularly in general medical settings ; to delineate barriers to the recognition , diagnosis , and optimal management of depression in general medical settings ; and to summarize efforts under way to reduce some of these barriers . MEDLINE searches were conducted to identify scientific articles published during the previous 10 years addressing depression in general medical settings and epidemiology , co-occurring conditions , diagnosis , costs , outcomes , and treatment . Articles relevant to the objective were selected and summarized . Depression occurs commonly , causing suffering , functional impairment , increased risk of suicide , added health care costs , and productivity losses . Effective treatments are available both when depression occurs alone and when it co-occurs with general medical illnesses . Many cases of depression seen in general medical settings are suitable for treatment within those settings . About half of all cases of depression in primary care settings are recognized , although subsequent treatments often fall short of existing practice guidelines . When treatments of documented efficacy are used , short-term patient outcomes are generally good . Barriers to diagnosing and treating depression include stigma ; patient somatization and denial ; physician knowledge and skill deficits ; limited time ; lack of availability of providers and treatments ; limitations of third-party coverage ; and restrictions on specialist , drug , and psychotherapeutic care . Public and professional education efforts , destigmatization , and improvement in access to mental health care are all needed to reduce these barriers . A collaborative care -LRB- CC -RRB- intervention for patients with panic disorder that provided increased patient education and integrated a psychiatrist into primary care was associated with improved symptomatic and functional outcomes . This report evaluates the incremental cost-effectiveness and potential cost offset of a CC treatment program for primary care patients with panic disorder from the perspective of the payer . We randomly assigned 115 primary care patients with panic disorder to a CC intervention that included systematic patient education and approximately 2 visits with an on-site consulting psychiatrist , compared with usual primary care . Telephone assessments of clinical outcomes were performed at 3 , 6 , 9 , and 12 months . Use of health care services and costs were assessed using administrative data from the primary care clinics and self-report data . Patients receiving CC experienced a mean of 74.2 more anxiety-free days during the 12-month intervention -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 15.8-122.0 -RRB- . The incremental mental health cost of the CC intervention was $ 205 -LRB- 95 % CI , - $ 135 to $ 501 -RRB- , with the additional mental health costs of the intervention explained by expenditures
A challenge for the clinician treating patients with multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- is to determine the most effective treatment while weighing the benefits and risks . Results of the phase 2 and phase 3 studies on natalizumab were received with great interest , in part due to the `` improved '' risk reduction for relapse rate , disease progression , and MRI metrics observed in comparison to results in trials of beta-interferon and glatiramer acetate . However , comparison across trials is invalid , in large part due to differences in the study populations . The increased efficacy observed in more recent trials has also been attributed to a fundamental change in subjects with MS enrolled in recent trials compared with the prior decade . In this article , we debate the relative efficacy of natalizumab vs the older injectable therapies . The treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis -LRB- RRMS -RRB- has become more effective over the last decade with the advent of the currently available disease-modifying therapies -LRB- DMTs -RRB- . Pivotal clinical studies differ in many characteristics , such that cross-comparisons of relative risk reductions are of limited value and can be misleading . Our objective was to compare the clinical efficacy of currently approved first-line DMTs in patients with RRMS , applying an evidence-based medicine approach . We reviewed all phase III pivotal trials of DMTs . Six clinical trials of Avonex , Betaseron , Copaxone , Rebif and Tysabri in patients with RRMS were identified for analysis . Only randomized , placebo-controlled , double-blind studies were included . The clinical efficacy endpoints compared were : proportion of relapse-free patients at 1 and 2 years ; annualized relapse rate at 2 years ; proportion of progression-free patients at 2 years , and proportion of patients free of gadolinium-enhancing lesions at 1 year or 9 months . Based on these analyses , Betaseron , Rebif , and Tysabri show comparable effects , whereas for several endpoints Avonex or Copaxone did not significantly differ from placebo . In the absence of head-to-head studies for all products used to treat RRMS , it still may be possible to compare treatment effects by applying evidence-based medicine principles . Previous trials of interferon beta in multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- have shown efficacy , but the degree of clinical benefit remains uncertain , and the optimum dose is not known . We undertook a double-blind , placebo-controlled study in relapsing/remitting MS to investigate the effects of subcutaneous interferon beta-1a . 560 patients with Kurtzke expanded disability status scale -LRB- EDSS -RRB- scores of 0-5.0 , from 22 centres in nine countries , were randomly assigned subcutaneous recombinant interferon beta-1a 22 microg -LRB- n = 189 -RRB- , or 44 microg -LRB- n = 184 -RRB- , or placebo -LRB- n = 187 -RRB- three times a week for 2 years . Neurological examinations were done every 3 months . All patients had MRI twice yearly and 205 had monthly scans in the first 9 months of treatment . Analysis was by intention to treat . Clinical data on 533 -LRB- 95 % -RRB- patients were available at 2 years . The relapse rate was significantly lower at 1 and 2 years with both doses of interferon beta-1a than with placebo -LRB- mean number per patient 1.82 for 22 microg group , 1.73 for 44 microg group vs 2.56 for placebo group : risk reductions 27 % -LSB- 95 % CI 14-39 -RSB- and 33 -LSB- 21-44 -RSB- -RRB- . Time to first relapse was prolonged by 3 and 5 months in the 22 microg and 44 microg groups respectively , and the proportion of relapse-free patients was significantly increased -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . Interferon beta-1a delayed progression in disability , and decreased accumulated disability during the study . The accumulation of burden of disease and number of active lesions on MRI was lower in both treatment groups than in the placebo group . Subcutaneous interferon beta-1a is an effective treatment for relapsing/remitting MS in terms of relapse rate , defined disability , and all MRI outcome measures in a dose-related manner , and it is well tolerated . Longer-term benefits may become clearer with further follow-up and investigation . Oral fumarate -LRB- BG00012 -RRB- might have dual anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effects . Our aim was to assess the efficacy and safety of BG00012 in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis . 257 patients , aged 18-55 years , with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis were randomly assigned to receive 120 mg once daily -LRB- n = 64 -RRB- , 120 mg three times daily -LRB- n = 64 -RRB- , or 240 mg three times daily -LRB- n = 64 -RRB- BG00012 , or placebo -LRB- n = 65 -RRB- for 24 weeks . During an extension period of 24 weeks for safety assessment , patients treated with placebo received BG00012 240 mg three times daily . The primary endpoint was total number of new gadolinium enhancing -LRB- GdE -RRB- lesions on brain MRI scans at weeks 12 , 16 , 20 , and 24 . Additional endpoints included cumulative number of new GdE lesions -LRB- weeks 4-24 -RRB- , new or enlarging T2-hyperintense lesions , new T1-hypointense lesions at week 24 , and annualised relapse rate . Analysis was done on the efficacy-evaluable population . Safety and tolerability were also assessed . This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT00168701 . Treatment with BG00012 240 mg three times daily reduced by 69 % the mean total number of new GdE lesions from week 12 to 24 compared with placebo -LRB- 1.4 vs 4.5 , p < 0.0001 -RRB- . It also reduced number of new or enlarging T2-hyperintense -LRB- p = 0.0006 -RRB- and new T1-hypointense -LRB- p = 0.014 -RRB- lesions compared with placebo . BG00012 reduced annualised relapse rate by 32 % -LRB- 0.44 vs 0.65 for placebo ; p = 0.272 -RRB- . Adverse events more common
To study sequential changes in heart rate , respiratory rate , blood pressure , heart rate power spectra , and plasma catecholamine concentrations in patients with acute brain injury and correlate these variables with the severity of neurologic dysfunction and patient outcome . Prospective , clinical study . Pediatric intensive care unit . Thirty-seven pediatric patients with acute brain injury caused by trauma , anoxia/ischemia , hemorrhage , or infection . None . We found significant associations between low-frequency -LRB- 0.01 to 0.15 Hz -RRB- heart rate power and severity of neurologic dysfunction -LRB- as assessed by the admission Glasgow Coma Scale -RRB- -LRB- p < .001 -RRB- and patient outcome -LRB- as assessed by the Glasgow Outcome Scale -RRB- -LRB- p = .05 -RRB- . The admission -LRB- p = .05 -RRB- and maximum -LRB- p < .001 -RRB- values for low-frequency heart rate power and the minimum value for high-frequency -LRB- 0.15 to 0.50 Hz -RRB- heart rate power obtained during hospitalization -LRB- p = .001 -RRB- predicted an increased likelihood of survival . Ten brain-dead patients had significantly decreased low-frequency heart rate power -LRB- p = .008 -RRB- and plasma norepinephrine -LRB- p = .015 -RRB- , epinephrine -LRB- p = .03 -RRB- , and dopamine -LRB- p = .04 -RRB- concentrations when compared with six non-brain-dead patients with a Glasgow Coma Scale score of 3 . Our results imply that autonomic nervous system control of heart rate is disrupted in proportion to the degree of neurologic insult in children after acute brain injury . Thus , heart rate power spectral analysis and plasma catecholamine concentrations may prove to be useful adjuncts in determining severity of neurologic injury and prognosis for recovery in children suffering from brain injury . In addition , these techniques may aid in the determination of brain death . We hypothesized that acute brain injury results in decreased heart rate -LRB- HR -RRB- variability and baroreflex sensitivity indicative of uncoupling of the autonomic and cardiovascular systems and that the degree of uncoupling should be proportional to the degree of neurological injury . We used HR and blood pressure -LRB- BP -RRB- power spectral analysis to measure neuroautonomic regulation of HR and BP and the transfer function magnitude -LRB- TF -RRB- between BP and HR as a measure of baroreflex modulation of HR . In 24 brain-injured patients -LSB- anoxic/ischemic injury -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- , multiple trauma -LRB- n = 6 -RRB- , head trauma -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- , central nervous system infection -LRB- n = 4 -RRB- , and intracranial hemorrhage -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- -RSB- , neurological injury and survival was associated with low-frequency -LRB- 0.01-0.15 Hz -RRB- HR and BP power and TF . Brain-dead patients showed decreased low-frequency HR power -LSB- 0 . 51 + / - 0.36 -LRB- SE -RRB- vs. 2.54 + / - 0.14 beats/min2 , P = 0.03 -RSB- and TF -LSB- 0 . 61 + / - 0.16 -LRB- SE -RRB- vs. 1.29 + / - 0.07 beats . min-1 . mmHg-1 , P = 0.05 -RSB- compared with non-brain-dead patients . We conclude that 1 -RRB- severity of neurological injury and outcome are inversely associated with HR and BP variability and 2 -RRB- there is direct evidence for cardiovascular and autonomic uncoupling in acute brain injury with complete uncoupling during brain death . We recently found that an exercise-induced increase in hippocampal brain-derived neurotrophic factor -LRB- BDNF -RRB- is dependent when exercise is initiated after traumatic brain injury -LRB- TBI -RRB- . When voluntary exercise was delayed by 2 weeks after a mild fluid-percussion injury -LRB- FPI -RRB- in rats , an increase in BDNF and an improvement in behavioral outcome were observed . This suggests that following FPI there is a therapeutic window for the implementation of voluntary exercise . To determine if more severely injured animals require more time after TBI before voluntary exercise can increase neuroplasticity , adult male rats with a moderate lateral FPI or sham injury were housed with or without access to a running wheel from post-injury-day -LRB- PID -RRB- 0-6 , 14-20 or 30-36 . Rats with a mild injury only had access to the running wheel from PID 0-6 or 14-20 . Rats were sacrificed at PID 7 , 21 , or 37 . BDNF , synapsin I , and cyclic AMP response element binding protein -LRB- CREB -RRB- were analyzed within the ipsilateral hippocampus . Whereas BDNF levels significantly increased with exercise in the mild FPI rats that were exercised from PID 14 to 20 , the moderate FPI rats only showed significant increases in BDNF when exercised from PID 30 to 36 . In addition , moderate FPI rats that were allowed to exercise from PID 30 to 36 also exhibited significant increases in synapsin I and CREB . These results indicate that the time window for exercise-induced increases in BDNF , synapsin I , and CREB is dependent on injury severity . We have previously shown that voluntary exercise upregulates brain derived neurotrophic factor -LRB- BDNF -RRB- within the hippocampus and is associated with an enhancement of cognitive recovery after a lateral fluid percussion injury -LRB- FPI -RRB- . In order to determine if BDNF is critical to this effect we used an immunoadhesin chimera -LRB- TrkB-IgG -RRB- that inactivates free BDNF . This BDNF inhibitor was administered to adult male rats two weeks after they had received a mild fluid percussion injury -LRB- FPI -RRB- or sham surgery . These animals were then housed with or without access to a running wheel -LRB- RW -RRB- from post-injury-day -LRB- PID -RRB- 14 to 20 . On PID 21 , rats were tested for spatial learning in a Morris Water Maze . Results showed that exercise counteracted the cognitive deficits associated with the injury . However this exercise-induced cognitive improvement was attenuated in the FPI-RW rats that were treated with TrkB-IgG . Molecules important for synaptic plasticity and learning
Coagulopathies in children after cardiopulmonary bypass -LRB- CPB -RRB- are complex . There are very limited data correlating coagulation tests with postoperative bleeding . We evaluated coagulation changes after CPB and after the administration of coagulation products to 75 children . Baseline coagulation tests were obtained and repeated after protamine administration , after transfusion of individual coagulation products , and on arrival in the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- . Regression analysis demonstrated no baseline coagulation test to predict postoperative chest tube drainage . Weight and duration of CPB were determined to be the only predictors of bleeding . Further analyses demonstrated that children < 8 kg had more bleeding and required more coagulation products than children > 8 kg . Postprotamine platelet count and fibrinogen level correlated independently with 24-h chest tube drainage in children < 8 kg , whereas postprotamine platelet count and thrombelastographic values did so in patients weighing > 8 kg . Platelet administration alone was found to restore effective hemostasis in many patients . With ongoing bleeding , cryoprecipitate improved coagulation parameters and limited blood loss . Objective data to guide post-CPB component therapy transfusion in children are suggested . Children < 8 kg can be expected to have more severe coagulopathies , require more coagulation product transfusions , and bleed more after cardiopulmonary bypass . Correlations between coagulation tests and postoperative chest tube drainage are defined . Platelets and , if necessary , cryoprecipitate optimally restore hemostasis . Fresh-frozen plasma offers no benefits in correcting postcardiopulmonary bypass coagulopathies in children . Although rotational thromboelastometry -LRB- ROTEM -RRB- is increasingly used to guide haemostatic therapy in a bleeding patient , there is a paucity of data guiding its use in the paediatric population . The objective of this study is to develop an algorithm on the basis of ROTEM values obtained in our paediatric cardiac population to guide the management of the bleeding child . A retrospective analysis . Department of Anaesthesiology , Queen Fabiola Children 's University Hospital . Data were collected between September 2010 and January 2012 . All children who underwent elective cardiac surgery requiring cardiopulmonary bypass -LRB- CPB -RRB- were reviewed . None . Significant postoperative bleeding was defined as blood loss more than 10 % of the child 's estimated blood volume within the first six postoperative hours , dividing our population according to high blood loss -LRB- HBL -RRB- or low blood loss -LRB- LBL -RRB- . Factors independently associated with postoperative bleeding determined the bleeding probability . Receiving operating characteristics -LRB- ROC -RRB- curves were constructed with the aim of determining relevant ROTEM parameters -LRB- including clot amplitude 10 min after administration of protamine -LSB- A10 -RSB- -RRB- to be used in our algorithm . The sensitivity , specificity , positive predictive value -LRB- PPV -RRB- and negative predictive value -LRB- NPV -RRB- were determined for the developed algorithm . One-hundred and fifty children were included in our study . Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that preoperative weight -LRB- kg -RRB- , presence of a cyanotic disease -LRB- yes/no -RRB- and wound closure duration -LRB- min -RRB- were independent predictors of postoperative bleeding . Analysis of our ROTEM parameters revealed that clotting time -LRB- CT -RRB- ≥ 111 s , A10 ≤ 38 mm measured on the EXTEM and A10 ≤ 3 mm obtained on the FIBTEM tests were the three relevant parameters to guide haemostatic therapy . If the ROTEM-based algorithm was applied according to the bleeding risk -LRB- n = 65 -RRB- , 27 out of 29 of the HBL and 24 out of 36 of the LBL group would have been treated . This study describes an algorithm starting with the detection of abnormal bleeding in which ROTEM could be used to guide haemostatic therapy in bleeding children after CPB . Further studies are needed to test the efficacy of this specific algorithm-based approach . Postoperative bleeding is one of the most common complications of cardiac surgery . Extensive surgical trauma , prolonged blood contact with the artificial surface of the cardiopulmonary bypass -LRB- CPB -RRB- circuit , high doses of heparin , and hypothermia are all possible triggers of a coagulopathy leading to excessive bleeding . Platelet activation and dysfunction also occur and are caused mainly by heparin , hypothermia , and inadequate protamine administration . Heparin and protamine administration based on heparin concentrations as opposed to fixed doses may reduce coagulopathy and postoperative blood loss . A better comprehension of the multifactorial mechanisms of activation of coagulation , inflammation , and fibrinolytic pathways during CPB may enable a more effective use of the technical and pharmaceutical options which are currently available . Bleeding is a considerable clinical problem during and after pediatric heart surgery . While the primary cause of bleeding is surgical trauma , its treatment is often complicated by the presence of coagulopathy . The principle causes of coagulopathy are discussed to provide a context for treatment . The role of laboratory and point of care tests , which aim to identify the cause of bleeding in the individual patient , is also discussed . An attempt is made to examine the current evidence for available therapies , including use of blood products and , more recently proposed , approaches based on human or recombinant factor concentrates . Patients with congenital heart disease -LRB- CHD -RRB- often do have a variety of coagulation abnormalities that results in bleeding diathesis . Our study aimed to determine the impact of cyanosis and CHD on modified thrombelastography parameters , compared with children without CHD . The following groups were examined : normal patients without CHD , acyanotic patients with acyanotic CHD , and cyanotic patients with CHD and with preoperative hemoglobin values higher than 15 g dl -LRB- -1 -RRB- . Mean values of all patient groups as well as all individual values of normal patients were within their normal ranges . Within these limits , however , clots were significantly
To report expanded 2-year follow-up of a previously reported randomized trial evaluating intravitreal 0.5 mg ranibizumab or 4 mg triamcinolone combined with focal/grid laser compared with focal/grid laser alone for treatment of diabetic macular edema -LRB- DME -RRB- . Multicenter , randomized clinical trial . A total of 854 study eyes of 691 participants with visual acuity of 20/32 to 20/320 -LRB- approximate Snellen equivalent -RRB- and DME involving the fovea . Continuation of procedures previously reported for the randomized trial . Best-corrected visual acuity and safety at the 2-year visit . At the 2-year visit , compared with the sham + prompt laser group , the mean change in the visual acuity letter score from baseline was 3.7 letters greater in the ranibizumab + prompt laser group -LRB- 95 % confidence interval adjusted for multiple comparisons -LSB- aCI -RSB- , -0.4 to +7.7 -RRB- , 5.8 letters greater in the ranibizumab + deferred laser group -LRB- 95 % aCI , +1.9 to +9.8 -RRB- , and 1.5 letters worse in the triamcinolone + prompt laser group -LRB- 95 % aCI , -5.5 to +2.4 -RRB- . After the 1 - to 2-year visit in the ranibizumab + prompt or deferred laser groups , the median numbers of injections were 2 and 3 -LRB- potential maximum of 13 -RRB- , respectively . At the 2-year visit , the percentages of eyes with central subfield thickness ≥ 250 μm were 59 % in the sham + prompt laser group , 43 % in the ranibizumab + prompt laser group , 42 % in the ranibizumab + deferred laser group , and 52 % in the triamcinolone + prompt laser group . No systemic events attributable to study treatment were apparent . Three eyes in 3 -LRB- 0.8 % -RRB- of 375 participants had injection-related endophthalmitis in the ranibizumab groups , whereas elevated intraocular pressure and cataract surgery were more frequent in the triamcinolone + prompt laser group . The expanded 2-year results reported are similar to results published previously and reinforce the conclusions originally reported : Ranibizumab should be considered for patients with DME and characteristics similar to those of the cohort in this clinical trial , including vision impairment with DME involving the center of the macula . To explore 5-year changes from baseline in diabetic retinopathy severity among eyes treated with ranibizumab for diabetic macular edema . Diabetic retinopathy severity was assessed from study visits and annual fundus photographs among participants in Protocol I -LRB- DRCR.net -RRB- . The proportion of eyes that improved at annual examinations and the cumulative probability of worsening through 5 years were estimated . Among 235 participants with nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy at baseline , there were 29 % , 28 % , and 32 % of eyes with retinopathy improvement at 1 , 3 , and 5 years , respectively . Among 111 participants with proliferative diabetic retinopathy , corresponding improvement percentages were 38 % , 35 % , and 23 % . In Years 1 , 3 , and 5 , the mean -LRB- SD -RRB- number of ranibizumab injections was 8.1 -LRB- 2.5 -RRB- , 2.2 -LRB- 2.6 -RRB- , and 1.8 -LRB- 2.6 -RRB- for nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy eyes , and 9.0 -LRB- 2.8 -RRB- , 2.3 -LRB- 2.9 -RRB- , and 1.7 -LRB- 2.6 -RRB- for proliferative diabetic retinopathy eyes , respectively . Proportions with improvement or rates of worsening did not change with time . The approach to managing diabetic macular edema in eyes with previous vitrectomy is based on limited evidence . Therefore , an exploratory post hoc assessment of 3-year data from eyes with and without vitrectomy before randomization in a DRCR.net trial that evaluated ranibizumab + prompt or deferred laser for diabetic macular edema is presented . Visual acuity and optical coherence tomography outcomes were compared between eyes with and without previous vitrectomy . At baseline , eyes with previous vitrectomy -LRB- n = 25 -RRB- had longer duration of diabetes , worse visual acuity , less thickened central subfield measurements on optical coherence tomography and were more apt to have worse diabetic retinopathy severity level or previous treatment for macular edema or cataract surgery than eyes without a history of vitrectomy -LRB- n = 335 -RRB- . Analyses adjusted for these baseline imbalances did not identify substantial differences between eyes with and without previous vitrectomy at each annual visit through 3 years for the favorable visual acuity , optical coherence tomography central subfield thickness , or volume outcomes , although optical coherence tomography improvement appeared slower in vitrectomy eyes during the first year . This study provides little evidence that the beneficial clinical outcomes for patients with center-involved diabetic macular edema treated with anti-vascular endothelial growth factor are affected in the long term by previous vitrectomy . Evaluate intravitreal 0.5 mg ranibizumab or 4 mg triamcinolone combined with focal/grid laser compared with focal/grid laser alone for treatment of diabetic macular edema -LRB- DME -RRB- . Multicenter , randomized clinical trial . A total of 854 study eyes of 691 participants with visual acuity -LRB- approximate Snellen equivalent -RRB- of 20/32 to 20/320 and DME involving the fovea . Eyes were randomized to sham injection + prompt laser -LRB- n = 293 -RRB- , 0.5 mg ranibizumab + prompt laser -LRB- n = 187 -RRB- , 0.5 mg ranibizumab + deferred -LRB- > or = 24 weeks -RRB- laser -LRB- n = 188 -RRB- , or 4 mg triamcinolone + prompt laser -LRB- n = 186 -RRB- . Retreatment followed an algorithm facilitated by a web-based , real-time data-entry system . Best-corrected visual acuity and safety at 1 year . The 1-year mean change -LRB- + / - standard deviation -RRB- in the visual acuity letter score from baseline was significantly greater in the ranibizumab + prompt laser group -LRB- +9 + / -11 , P < 0.001 -RRB- and ranibizumab + deferred laser group -LRB- +9 + / -12 , P < 0.001 -RRB- but
The increasing burden of cardiovascular diseases in developed , as well as developing countries , underscores the need for the more widespread and appropriate use of aspirin in secondary prevention of occlusive vascular events during acute evolving myocardial infarction -LRB- MI -RRB- and in primary prevention . Aspirin should be far more widely used in a wide range of patients who have suffered a prior occlusive vascular event and in all patients suffering acute MI or occlusive stroke . Finally , in primary prevention , aspirin should be considered for individuals whose 10-year risks of a coronary event are > or = 10 % , as an adjunct not alternative to the management of other risk factors . The more widespread and appropriate use of aspirin will avoid many premature deaths in secondary prevention and MIs in primary prevention . In 1988 , the aspirin component of the Physicians ' Health Study , a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial of 22 071 apparently healthy men was terminated early , due principally to a statistically extreme -LRB- P < .00001 -RRB- 44 % reduction in the risk of a first myocardial infarction -LRB- MI -RRB- . The Cardio-Renal Drugs Advisory Committee recommended that the US Food and Drug Administration approve professional labeling of aspirin to prevent first MI . The agency did not act on this recommendation because the only other trial , the British Doctors ' Trial of 5139 men , showed no significant benefits . Since that time , 3 additional randomized trials -LRB- which included men and women -RRB- of aspirin in the primary prevention of MI have been published . A computerized search of the English literature from 1988 to the present revealed 5 published trials : the Physicians ' Health Study -LRB- 22 071 participants -RRB- , the British Doctors ' Trial -LRB- 5139 -RRB- , the Thrombosis Prevention Trial -LRB- 5085 -RRB- , the Hypertension Optimal Treatment Study -LRB- 18 790 -RRB- , and the Primary Prevention Project -LRB- 4495 -RRB- . Among the 55 580 randomized participants -LRB- 11 466 women -RRB- , aspirin was associated with a statistically significant 32 % reduction in the risk of a first MI and a significant 15 % reduction in the risk of all important vascular events , but had no significant effects on nonfatal stroke or vascular death . The current totality of evidence provides strong support for the initial finding from the Physicians ' Health Study that aspirin reduces the risk of a first MI . For apparently healthy individuals whose 10-year risk of a first coronary event is 10 % or greater , according to the US Preventive Services Task Force and the American Heart Association , the benefits of long-term aspirin therapy are likely to outweigh any risks . When microsomes of sheep or bovine seminal vesicles are incubated with -LSB- acetyl-3H -RSB- aspirin -LRB- acetyl salicylic acid -RRB- , 200 Ci/mol , we observe acetylation of a single protein , as measured by sodium dodecyl sulfate/polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis . The protein has a molecular weight of 85,000 and corresponds to a similar acetylated protein found in the particulate fraction of aspirin-treated human platelets . The aspirin-mediated acetylation reaction proceeds with the same time course and at the same concentration as does the inhibition of prostaglandin synthase -LRB- cyclo-oxygenase -RRB- -LRB- EC 1.14.99.1 ; 8,11,14-eicosatrienoate , hydrogen-donor : oxygen oxidoreductase -RRB- by the drug . At 100 muM aspirin , 50 % inhibition of prostaglandin synthase and 50 % of maximal acetylation are observed after 15 min at 37 degrees . Furthermore , the substrate for cyclo-oxygenase , arachidonic acid , inhibits protein acetylation by aspirin at concentrations -LRB- 50 % inhibition at 10-30 muM -RRB- which correlate with the Michaelis constant of arachidonic acid as a substrate for cyclooxygenase . Arachidonic acid analogues and indomethacin inhibit the acetylation reaction in proportion to their effectiveness as cyclo-oxygenase inhibitors . The results suggest that aspirin acts as an active-site acetylating agent for the enzyme cyclo-oxygenase . This action of aspirin may account for its anti-inflammatory and anti-platelet action . Acetylation of platelet cyclooxygenase by oral aspirin is dose dependent and cumulative with repeated administration . However , no single dose of aspirin has been found to be completely selective of platelet thromboxane -LRB- TX -RRB- synthesis inhibition in man . We determined the dose dependence , cumulative nature and selectivity of aspirin effects on platelet TXB -LRB- 2 -RRB- and renal prostaglandin -LRB- PG -RRB- and prostacyclin -LRB- PGI -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- production . We measured , by radioimmunoassay , serum TXB -LRB- 2 -RRB- levels after whole blood clotting and urinary excretion of PGE -LRB- 2 -RRB- , PGF -LRB- 2alpha -RRB- , and 6-keto-PGF -LRB- 1alpha -RRB- , before and after single or repeated oral aspirin doses given to 46 healthy subjects . Single doses of 6-100 mg aspirin resulted in a linear -LRB- r = 0.92 , P < 0.01 -RRB- inhibition of platelet TXB -LRB- 2 -RRB- production , ranging from 12 to 95 % after 24 h . A daily dose of 0.45 mg/kg given for 7 d produced a cumulative and virtually complete inhibition of platelet TXB -LRB- 2 -RRB- production , without significantly reducing the urinary excretion of PGE -LRB- 2 -RRB- , PGF -LRB- 2alpha -RRB- , and 6-keto-PGF -LRB- 1alpha -RRB- in both healthy men and women . The platelet inhibitory effect of this regimen was maintained unaltered throughout 1 mo of therapy , with no evidence of cumulative inhibition of renal PG-synthesis . Moreover , furosemide-induced renal PGI -LRB- 2 -RRB- synthesis and renin release were unaffected by chronic low-dose aspirin . Following cessation of aspirin therapy , platelet TXB -LRB- 2 -RRB- production returned toward control values at a similar rate as after a single higher dose . WE CONCLUDE THAT IN HEALTHY SUBJECTS : -LRB- a -RRB- aspirin causes a dose-dependent inhibition of platelet TXA -LRB- 2 -RRB- production ,
Endarterectomy reduces risk of stroke in certain patients with recently symptomatic internal carotid stenosis . However , investigators have made different recommendations about the degree of stenosis above which surgery is effective , partly because of differences between trials in the methods of measurement of stenosis . To accurately assess the overall effect of surgery , and to increase power for secondary analyses , we pooled trial data and reassessed carotid angiograms . We pooled data from the European Carotid Surgery Trial -LRB- ECST -RRB- , North American Symptomatic Carotid Endarterectomy Trial , and Veterans Affairs trial 309 from the original electronic data files . Outcome events were re-defined , if necessary , to achieve comparability . Pre-randomisation carotid angiograms from ECST were re-measured by the method used in the other two trials . Risks of main outcomes in both treatment groups and effects of surgery did not differ between trials . Data for 6092 patients , with 35000 patient-years of follow-up , were therefore pooled . Surgery increased the 5-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in patients with less than 30 % stenosis -LRB- n = 1746 , absolute risk reduction -2.2 % , p = 0.05 -RRB- , had no effect in patients with 30-49 % stenosis -LRB- 1429 , 3.2 % , p = 0.6 -RRB- , was of marginal benefit in those with 50-69 % stenosis -LRB- 1549 , 4.6 % , p = 0.04 -RRB- , and was highly beneficial in those with 70 % stenosis or greater without near-occlusion -LRB- 1095 , 16.0 % , p < 0.001 -RRB- . There was a trend towards benefit from surgery in patients with near-occlusion at 2 years ' follow-up -LRB- 262 , 5.6 % , p = 0.19 -RRB- , but no benefit at 5 years -LRB- -1.7 % , p = 0.9 -RRB- . Re-analysis of the trials with the same measurements and definitions yielded highly consistent results . Surgery is of some benefit for patients with 50-69 % symptomatic stenosis , and highly beneficial for those with 70 % symptomatic stenosis or greater but without near-occlusion . Benefit in patients with carotid near-occlusion is marginal in the short-term and uncertain in the long-term . Carotid endarterectomy -LRB- CEA -RRB- is supported by level 1 evidence as the standard treatment of severe carotid stenosis in both symptomatic and asymptomatic patients . As interventional techniques are emerging for treatment of this disease , this study was undertaken to provide a contemporary surgical standard for comparison to carotid stenting . During the interval 1989 to 1999 , 2236 isolated CEAs were performed on 1897 patients -LRB- 62 % male , 36 % symptomatic , 4.6 % reoperative procedures -RRB- . Study endpoints included perioperative events , patient survival , late incidence of stroke , anatomic durability of CEA , and resource utilization changes during the study . Variables associated with complications , long-term and stroke free survival , restenosis , and resource utilization were analyzed by univariate and multivariate analysis . Perioperative complications occurred in 5.5 % of CEA procedures , including any stroke/death -LRB- 1.4 % -RRB- , neck hematoma -LRB- 1.7 % -RRB- , cardiac complications -LRB- 0.5 % -RRB- , and cranial nerve injury -LRB- 0.4 % -RRB- . Actuarial survival at 5 and 10 years was 72.4 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- 69.3-73.5 -RRB- and 44.7 % -LRB- 95 % CI 41.7-47.9 -RRB- respectively , with coronary artery disease -LRB- P < 0.0018 -RRB- , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- P < 0.00018 -RRB- and diabetes mellitus -LRB- P < 0.0011 -RRB- correlating with decreased longevity . The age - and sex-adjusted incidence of any stroke during follow-up was reduced by 22 % -LRB- upper 0.35 , lower 0.08 -RRB- of predicted with the patient classification of hyperlipidemia -LRB- P < 0.0045 -RRB- as the only protective factor . Analysis of CEA anatomic durability during a median follow-up period of 5.9 years identified a 7.7 % failure rate -LRB- severe restenosis/occlusion , 4.5 % ; or reoperative CEA , 3.2 % -RRB- with elevated serum cholesterol -LRB- P < 0.017 -RRB- correlating with early restenosis . Resource utilization diminished -LRB- first versus last 2-year interval periods -RRB- for average hospital length of stay from 10.3 + / - 1.5 days to 4.3 + / - 0.7 days -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- and preoperative contrast angiography from 87 % + / - 1.4 % to 10.3 % + / - 4 % . These data delineate the safety , durability , and effectiveness in long-term stroke prevention of CEA . They provide a standard to which emerging catheter-based therapies for carotid stenosis should be compared . Carotid endarterectomy -LRB- CEA -RRB- is of benefit for stroke prevention in the presence of severe carotid stenosis , provided surgical morbidity and mortality are acceptably low . To assess the current performance of CEA in the UK , an interim analysis of 30-day postoperative outcome data , blinded to anaesthetic allocation , from the first 1,001 UK patients randomised in the GALA Trial -LRB- multicentre randomised trial of general versus local anaesthesia for CEA -RRB- took place and the time from last symptomatic event to surgery was recorded . The 30-day risk of stroke was 5.3 % , myocardial infarction -LRB- MI -RRB- 0.4 % , death 1.7 % , and stroke , MI or death 6.4 % . Median delay between symptoms and surgery was 82 days . These risks are similar to those reported in the large randomised trials of CEA , but current delays to surgery are excessive and must have substantially reduced the benefit of endarterectomy . Although the mechanisms underlying neurocognitive changes after carotid endarterectomy -LRB- CEA -RRB- are poorly understood , intraoperative ischemia and postoperative hemodynamic changes may play a role . Data from 81 patients who underwent unilateral CEA with routine shunt use for carotid artery stenosis were retrospectively evaluated . These patients underwent neuropsychological
We first -LRB- 1 -RRB- determined the prevalence of asymptomatic nasal colonization with SA , -LRB- 2 -RRB- assessed trends in methicillin resistance with time , -LRB- 3 -RRB- ascertained risk factors for nasal colonization ; and -LRB- 4 -RRB- correlated SSI to nasal colonization status and procedure . We performed a cross-sectional analysis of SA nasal colonization among healthy preoperative orthopaedic outpatients between 2003-2005 who were within 2 weeks of surgery . Of 284 patients , 86 -LRB- 30 % -RRB- carried SA ; of these , 81 -LRB- 94 % -RRB- were colonized with methicillin-sensitive and five -LRB- 6 % -RRB- with methicillin-resistant SA -LRB- MRSA -RRB- . We found no associations between nasal carriage and demographics or procedures . Surgical site infection occurred in nine of 282 -LRB- 3 % -RRB- , four of which were attributable to SA ; these included 0/43 -LRB- 0 % -RRB- carriers who received decolonization with 2 % mupirocin , two of 43 -LRB- 4.7 % -RRB- who declined decolonization , and two of 196 -LRB- 1.0 % -RRB- who were noncarriers . Nasal colonization with SA , including MRSA , among preoperative orthopaedic outpatients is increasing and their rates reflect community rates . Knowledge of colonization status may be important in decolonization , choosing perioperative or any subsequent empiric antibiotics . Energy spent preventing prosthetic joint infection is more effective than that expended in treating the infection of a prosthetic joint , once established . Preventive measures encompass a wide array of variables related to host response , wound environment , and microorganisms . Prophylaxis should address these areas in the preoperative , intraoperative , and postoperative periods . Antimicrobial prophylaxis remains the single most effective method of reducing the prevalence of infection after total joint arthroplasty . In the postoperative period , prophylaxis aims to protect the prosthetic joint against hematogenous seeding from oral , urologic , skin , or gastrointestinal sources . Currently , dental and urologic advisory statements provide recommendations for antimicrobial prophylaxis for high-risk patients with total joint arthroplasty undergoing high-risk procedures . Close collaboration between the orthopedic surgeon , urologist , or dentist and the infectious disease specialist is crucial for providing recommendations regarding prophylaxis in special circumstances . In these particular circumstances , individual decisions should be made based on clinical judgment .
The objective of this study was to compare the effect of a high fat , low carbohydrate enteral feed with a standard isocaloric , isonitrogenous enteral feed on PaCO2 and ventilation time in patients with acute respiratory failure requiring artificial ventilation . 20 clinically stable patients requiring enteral feeding were randomized to either feed in a double-blind fashion . Initial ventilator standard settings were adjusted according to clinical state . Measurements including minute volume and arterial blood gases were made twice daily . Weaning was carried out according to set criteria . During the feeding period , PaCO2 just prior to weaning fell by 16 % in the high fat group but increased by 4 % in the standard feed group -LRB- p = 0.003 -RRB- . The high fat group spent a mean of 62 h less time on the ventilator -LRB- p = 0.006 -RRB- . A high fat , low carbohydrate enteral feed appears to be beneficial in patients undergoing artificial ventilation . To study whether high fat , low carbohydrate enteral nutrition could reduce VCO2 in patients during ventilator support and weaning from the ventilator in order to facilitate the weaning process . prospective , randomized controlled study . Medical ICU of a university hospital . 32 ventilator-dependent patients with a prospect of weaning from mechanical ventilation . high fat feeding administered to 15 patients and standard isocaloric feeding administered to 17 patients , both in a dosage of 1.5 times basal metabolic rate . Respiratory and metabolic measurements were obtained both during mechanical ventilation and weaning procedures . High fat feeding was associated with significantly lower RQ values compared with standard feeding ; the mean -LRB- + / - SEM -RRB- RQ values during mechanical ventilation amounted to 0.91 + / - 0.01 and 1.00 + / - 0.02 and during weaning to 0.72 + / - 0.02 and 0.86 + / - 0.02 for high fat and standard nutrition respectively -LRB- both p-values < 0.001 -RRB- . High fat feeding reduced the CO2-excretion both during mechanical ventilation and weaning , but only the decrease during weaning proved to be significant ; the mean -LRB- + / - SEM -RRB- CO2-excretion amounted to 0.177 + / - 0.010 and 0.231 + / - 0.011 1/min STPD for the high fat and standard feeding respectively -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- . No significant differences were found in the PaCO2 during weaning between the two feeding groups . High fat , low carbohydrate enteral feeding significantly reduced the RQ values in ventilated patients with decreases in VCO2 , but in this study failed to reduce PaCO2 during weaning from the ventilator . Refractory status epilepticus carries a high risk of morbidity and mortality despite , and at times as a result of , aggressive pharmacologic interventions . Dietary therapies have been used for almost a century in children for controlling medically refractory seizures and status epilepticus and recent studies suggest efficacy and safety in adults as well . Case report and literature review . We describe a case of medically and surgically refractory status epilepticus that was controlled after initiation of the ketogenic diet and maintenance with the modified Atkins diet in an adult in the neurocritical care unit . Dietary therapy should be considered as a treatment option in adult patients with refractory status epilepticus . To investigate the feasibility , safety , and efficacy of a ketogenic diet -LRB- KD -RRB- for superrefractory status epilepticus -LRB- SRSE -RRB- in adults . We performed a prospective multicenter study of patients 18 to 80 years of age with SRSE treated with a KD treatment algorithm . The primary outcome measure was significant urine and serum ketone body production as a biomarker of feasibility . Secondary measures included resolution of SRSE , disposition at discharge , KD-related side effects , and long-term outcomes . Twenty-four adults were screened for participation at 5 medical centers , and 15 were enrolled and treated with a classic KD via gastrostomy tube for SRSE . Median age was 47 years -LRB- interquartile range -LSB- IQR -RSB- 30 years -RRB- , and 5 -LRB- 33 % -RRB- were male . Median number of antiseizure drugs used before KD was 8 -LRB- IQR 7 -RRB- , and median duration of SRSE before KD initiation was 10 days -LRB- IQR 7 days -RRB- . KD treatment delays resulted from intravenous propofol use , ileus , and initial care received at a nonparticipating center . All patients achieved ketosis in a median of 2 days -LRB- IQR 1 day -RRB- on KD . Fourteen patients completed KD treatment , and SRSE resolved in 11 -LRB- 79 % ; 73 % of all patients enrolled -RRB- . Side effects included metabolic acidosis , hyperlipidemia , constipation , hypoglycemia , hyponatremia , and weight loss . Five patients -LRB- 33 % -RRB- ultimately died . KD is feasible in adults with SRSE and may be safe and effective . Comparative safety and efficacy must be established with randomized placebo-controlled trials . This study provides Class IV evidence that in adults with SRSE , a KD is effective in inducing ketosis . Ketogenic diets are high in fat and low in carbohydrates , and have long been used as an anticonvulsant therapy for drug-intractable and pediatric epilepsy . Additionally , ketogenic diets have been shown to provide neuroprotective effects against acute and chronic brain injury , including beneficial effects in various rodent models of neurodegeneration . Huntington 's disease is a progressive neurodegenerative disease characterized by neurological , behavioral and metabolic dysfunction , and ketogenic diets have been shown to increase energy molecules and mitochondrial function . We tested the effects of a ketogenic diet in a transgenic mouse model of Huntington 's disease -LRB- R6/2 1J -RRB- , with a focus on life-long behavioral and physiological effects . Matched male and female wild-type and transgenic mice were maintained on a control diet or were switched to a ketogenic
Absorption of irrigation fluid was not detected during GreenLight ™ laser vaporization of the prostate using the first generation 80 W laser . However , data are lacking on intraoperative irrigation fluid absorption using the second generation 120 W high power laser . We assessed whether fluid absorption occurs during high power laser vaporization of the prostate . We performed this prospective investigation at a tertiary referral center in patients undergoing 120 W laser vaporization for prostatic bladder outlet obstruction . Normal saline containing 1 % ethanol was used for intraoperative irrigation . The expired breath ethanol concentration was measured periodically during the operation using an alcometer . The volume of saline absorption was calculated from these concentrations . Intraoperative changes in hematological and biochemical blood parameters were also recorded . Of 50 investigated patients 22 -LRB- 44 % -RRB- had a positive breath ethanol test . Ten patients absorbed more than 1,000 ml . Absorbers had a smaller prostate , more capsular perforation , higher bleeding intensity and more laser energy applied during the operation . Three patients -LRB- 13 % -RRB- had symptoms potentially related to fluid absorption . The changes were significantly different than those in nonabsorbers . Fluid absorption occurs frequently during high power laser vaporization of the prostate . This should be considered in patients who present with cardiopulmonary or neurological symptoms during or after the procedure .
The transversus abdominis plane -LRB- TAP -RRB- block is an effective method of providing postoperative analgesia in patients undergoing midline abdominal wall incisions . We evaluated its analgesic efficacy over the first 48 postoperative hours after cesarean delivery performed through a Pfannensteil incision , in a randomized controlled , double-blind , clinical trial . Fifty women undergoing elective cesarean delivery were randomized to undergo TAP block with ropivacaine -LRB- n = 25 -RRB- versus placebo -LRB- n = 25 -RRB- , in addition to standard postoperative analgesia comprising patient-controlled IV morphine analgesia and regular diclofenac and acetaminophen . All patients received a standard spinal anesthetic , and at the end of surgery , a bilateral TAP block was performed using 1.5 mg/kg ropivacaine -LRB- to a maximal dose of 150 mg -RRB- or saline on each side . Each patient was assessed postoperatively by a blinded investigator : in the postanesthesia care unit and at 2 , 4 , 6 , 12 , 24 , 36 , and 48 h postoperatively . The TAP block with ropivacaine compared with placebo reduced postoperative visual analog scale pain scores . Mean -LRB- + / - sd -RRB- total morphine requirements in the first 48 postoperative hours were also reduced -LRB- 66 + / - 26 vs 18 + / - 14 mg , P < 0.001 -RRB- , as was the 12-h interval morphine consumption up to 36 h postoperatively . The incidence of sedation was reduced in patients undergoing TAP blockade . There were no complications attributable to the TAP block . The TAP block , as a component of a multimodal analgesic regimen , provided superior analgesia when compared with placebo block up to 48 postoperative hours after elective cesarean delivery . The transversus abdominis plane -LRB- TAP -RRB- block is a novel approach for blocking the abdominal wall neural afferents via the bilateral lumbar triangles of Petit . We evaluated its analgesic efficacy in patients during the first 24 postoperative hours after abdominal surgery , in a randomized , controlled , double-blind clinical trial . Thirty-two adults undergoing large bowel resection via a midline abdominal incision were randomized to receive standard care , including patient-controlled morphine analgesia and regular nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs and acetaminophen -LRB- n = 16 -RRB- , or to undergo TAP block -LRB- n = 16 -RRB- in addition to standard care -LRB- n = 16 -RRB- . After induction of anesthesia , 20 mL of 0.375 % levobupivacaine was deposited into the transversus abdominis neuro-fascial plane via the bilateral lumbar triangles of Petit . Each patient was assessed by a blinded investigator in the postanesthesia care unit and at 2 , 4 , 6 , and 24 h postoperatively . The TAP block reduced visual analog scale pain scores -LRB- TAP versus control , mean + / - sd -RRB- on emergence -LRB- 1 + / - 1.4 vs 6.6 + / - 2.8 , P < 0.05 -RRB- , and at all postoperative time points , including at 24 h -LRB- 1.7 + / - 1.7 vs 3.1 + / - 1.5 , P < 0.05 -RRB- . Morphine requirements in the first 24 postoperative hours were also reduced -LRB- 21.9 + / - 8.9 mg vs 80.4 + / - 19.2 mg , P < 0.05 -RRB- . There were no complications attributable to the TAP block . All TAP patients reported high levels of satisfaction with their postoperative analgesic regimen . The TAP block provided highly effective postoperative analgesia in the first 24 postoperative hours after major abdominal surgery . We evaluated the analgesic efficacy of the ultrasound -LRB- US -RRB- - guided TAP block in patients undergoing Caesarean delivery . A randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial was performed at a tertiary maternity hospital . All participants received a spinal anaesthetic with bupivacaine and fentanyl , followed by postoperative acetaminophen , non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , and patient-controlled i.v. morphine without long-acting intrathecal opioids . Each patient was assessed 24 h after delivery for morphine usage , average pain score , nausea , vomiting , pruritus , drowsiness , and satisfaction with pain relief . Forty-seven participants completed the trial , 23 in the active group and 24 in the placebo group . Total morphine use in 24 h was reduced in the active group -LRB- median 18.0 mg -RRB- compared with the placebo group -LRB- median 31.5 mg , P < 0.05 -RRB- . The active group reported improved satisfaction with their pain relief measured by visual analogue scale compared with the placebo group -LRB- median 96 vs 77 mm , P = 0.008 -RRB- . Fewer patients required antiemetics in the active group -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- . There were no local complications attributable to the TAP block , but one participant had an anaphylactoid reaction after ropivacaine injection . The US-guided TAP block reduces morphine requirements after Caesarean delivery when used as a component of a multimodal analgesic regimen . Registered with the Australia New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12608000540314 . URL : http://www.anzctr.org.au/trial_view.aspx?ID=83176 . The transversus abdominis plane -LRB- TAP -RRB- block is usually performed by landmark-based methods . This prospective , randomized , and double-blinded study was designed to describe a method of ultrasound-guided TAP block and to evaluate the intra - and postoperative analgesic efficacy in patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy under general anaesthesia with or without TAP block . Forty-two patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy were randomized to receive standard general anaesthetic either with -LRB- Group A , n = 21 -RRB- or without TAP block -LRB- Group B , n = 21 -RRB- . Ultrasound-guided bilateral TAP block was performed with a high frequent linear ultrasound probe and an in-plane needle guidance technique with 15 ml bupivacaine 5 mg ml -LRB- -1 -RRB- on each side . Intraoperative use of sufentanil and postoperative demand of morphine using a patient-controlled analgesia device were recorded . Ultrasonographic visualization of the relevant anatomy , detection of the shaft
To determine whether noninvasive hemoglobin measurement by Pulse CO-Oximetry could provide clinically acceptable absolute and trend accuracy in critically ill patients , compared to other invasive methods of hemoglobin assessment available at bedside and the gold standard , the laboratory analyzer . Prospective study . Surgical intensive care unit of a university teaching hospital . Sixty-two patients continuously monitored with Pulse CO-Oximetry -LRB- Masimo Radical-7 -RRB- . None . Four hundred seventy-one blood samples were analyzed by a point-of-care device -LRB- HemoCue 301 -RRB- , a satellite lab CO-Oximeter -LRB- Siemens RapidPoint 405 -RRB- , and a laboratory hematology analyzer -LRB- Sysmex XT-2000i -RRB- , which was considered the reference device . Hemoglobin values reported from the invasive methods were compared to the values reported by the Pulse CO-Oximeter at the time of blood draw . When the case-to-case variation was assessed , the bias and limits of agreement were 0.0 ± 1.0 g/dL for the Pulse CO-Oximeter , 0.3 ± 1.3 g/dL for the point-of-care device , and 0.9 ± 0.6 g/dL for the satellite lab CO-Oximeter compared to the reference method . Pulse CO-Oximetry showed similar trend accuracy as satellite lab CO-Oximetry , whereas the point-of-care device did not appear to follow the trend of the laboratory analyzer as well as the other test devices . When compared to laboratory reference values , hemoglobin measurement with Pulse CO-Oximetry has absolute accuracy and trending accuracy similar to widely used , invasive methods of hemoglobin measurement at bedside . Hemoglobin measurement with pulse CO-Oximetry has the additional advantages of providing continuous measurements , noninvasively , which may facilitate hemoglobin monitoring in the intensive care unit . The Masimo Radical-7 SpHb Station -LRB- Masimo Corporation , Irvine , CA -RRB- has been shown by its manufacturers to provide accurate noninvasive hemoglobin measurements in physiologically normal patients . The objective of this study was to validate noninvasive hemoglobin measurements using the Masimo Radical-7 device . Noninvasive hemoglobin measurements -LRB- SpHb -RRB- were recorded and were then compared with laboratory hemoglobin measurements . Data were collected on 60 patients -LRB- OR = 25 and ICU = 45 -RRB- . The overall correlation of the Masimo SpHb and the laboratory Hb was .77 -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- in the OR group with a mean difference of .29 g/dL -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , .08-.49 -RRB- . The overall correlation in the ICU group was .67 -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- with a mean difference of .05 g/dL -LRB- 95 % CI , -.22 to -.31 -RRB- . Noninvasive hemoglobin monitoring is a new technology that correlated with laboratory values and supports the continued study of noninvasive hemoglobin monitoring . Measurement of total hemoglobin , based on pulse co-oximetry , is a continuous and noninvasive method that has been principally evaluated in healthy volunteers subjected to hemodilution . We tested the hypothesis that its accuracy could adversely affect patients presenting with severe hemorrhage , which is traditionally associated with increased microvascular tone . Observational study . Twelve-bed mixed medico-surgical intensive care unit . Thirty-three patients admitted to our critical care unit for gastrointestinal bleeds were included . A spectrophotometric sensor was positioned on the patient 's fingertip and connected to a pulse co-oximeter . During the first 24 hrs following admission , venous hemoglobin level was determined at the laboratory every 8 hrs and was compared with hemoglobin levels displayed on the pulse co-oximeter measurements screen and/or measured from capillary blood using a portable photometer . The primary end point was the percentage of inaccurate measurements , which were defined as > 15 % difference compared with reference values or their unavailability for any technical reason . Twenty-five -LRB- 19 % -RRB- measurements of pulse co-oximeter measurements were unavailable from the screen . Pulse co-oximeter measurements and capillary hemoglobin levels were significantly correlated to venous hemoglobin level . For venous hemoglobin level compared with pulse co-oximeter measurements -LRB- n = 105 -RRB- , and for venous hemoglobin level compared with capillary hemoglobin levels -LRB- n = 111 -RRB- , the biases were , respectively , 1.0 ± 1.9 g dL and 0.4 ± 1.0 g dL -LRB- p < .05 -RRB- . The proportion of inaccurate measurements was significantly higher for pulse co-oximeter measurements -LRB- 56 % vs. 15 % , p < .05 -RRB- . Although the use of norepinephrine did not affect concordance parameters , unavailability of measurements was frequently observed -LRB- 42 % vs. 15 % , p < .05 -RRB- . Determination of pulse co-oximetry-based hemoglobin in patients presenting with severe gastrointestinal bleeds can be inaccurate , which renders its use to guide transfusion decisions potentially hazardous . The unavailability of measurements , especially during vasopressor infusion , represents another serious limitation for hemorrhagic patients .
Brandner , CR , and Warmington , SA . Delayed onset muscle soreness and perceived exertion after blood flow restriction exercise . J Strength Cond Res 31 -LRB- 11 -RRB- : 3101-3108 , 2017-The purpose of this study was to determine the perceptual responses to resistance exercise with heavy loads -LRB- 80 % 1 repetition maximum -LSB- 1RM -RSB- -RRB- , light loads -LRB- 20 % 1RM -RRB- , or light loads in combination with blood flow restriction -LRB- BFR -RRB- . Despite the use of light loads , it has been suggested that the adoption of BFR resistance exercise may be limited because of increases in delayed onset muscle soreness -LRB- DOMS -RRB- and perceived exertion . Seventeen healthy untrained males participated in this balanced , randomized cross-over study . After 4 sets of elbow-flexion exercise , participants reported ratings of perceived exertion -LRB- RPE -RRB- , with DOMS also recorded for 7 days after each trial . Delayed onset muscle soreness was significantly greater for low-pressure continuous BFR -LRB- until 48 hours postexercise -RRB- and high-pressure intermittent BFR -LRB- until 72 hours postexercise -RRB- than for traditional heavy-load resistance exercise and light-load resistance exercise . In addition , RPE was higher for heavy-load resistance exercise and high-pressure intermittent BFR than for low-pressure continuous BFR , with all trials greater than light-load resistance exercise . For practitioners working with untrained participants , this study provides evidence to suggest that to minimize the perception of effort and postexercise muscle soreness associated with BFR resistance exercise , continuous low-pressure application may be more preferential than intermittent high-pressure application . Importantly , these perceptual responses are relatively short-lived -LRB- ∼ 2 days -RRB- and have previously been shown to subside after a few exercise sessions . Combined with smaller initial training volumes -LRB- set × repetitions -RRB- , this may limit RPE and DOMS to strengthen uptake and adherence and assist in program progression for muscle hypertrophy and gains in strength . Contracting the knee flexor muscles immediately before a maximum voluntary contraction -LRB- MVC -RRB- of knee extension increases the maximal force that the extensor muscles can exert . It is hypothesized that this phenomenon can be impaired by muscle fiber damage following eccentric exercise -LSB- delayed onset muscle soreness -LRB- DOMS -RRB- -RSB- . This study investigates the effect of eccentric exercise and DOMS on knee extension MVC immediately following a reciprocal-resisted knee flexion contraction . Electromyography -LRB- EMG -RRB- was recorded from the knee extensors and flexors of 12 healthy men during knee extension MVCs performed in a reciprocal -LRB- maximal knee extension preceded by resisted knee flexion -RRB- , and nonreciprocal condition -LRB- preceded by relaxation of the knee flexors -RRB- . At baseline , knee extension MVC force was greater during the reciprocal condition -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- , whereas immediately after , 24 and 48 h after eccentric exercise , the MVC force was not different between conditions . Similarly , at baseline , the EMG amplitude of the quadriceps during the MVC was larger for the reciprocal condition -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . However , immediately after , 24 and 48 h postexercise the EMG amplitude was similar between conditions . In conclusion , eccentric exercise abolished the facilitation of force production for the knee extensors , which normally occurs when maximum knee extension is preceded by activation of the knee flexors . The purpose of this study was to determine the relationships among delayed-onset muscle soreness -LRB- DOMS -RRB- , muscle damage and inflammatory responses to eccentric exercise and investigate the underlying mechanisms . Nine healthy males performed one-leg calf-raise exercise with their right leg on a force plate . They performed 10 sets of 40 repetitions of exercise at 0.5 Hz by the load corresponding to the half of their body weight , with a rest for 3 min between sets . DOMS was evaluated by a visual analogue scale -LRB- VAS -RRB- . Blood and urine samples were collected before and 2 , 4 , 24 , 48 , 72 and 96 h post-exercise . Blood samples were analyzed for leucocyte differential counts and neutrophil functions -LRB- migratory activity and oxidative burst activity -RRB- . We also determined a serum marker of muscle damage , myoglobin -LRB- Mb -RRB- , and plasma and urinary prostaglandin E2 as an algesic substance . As for the inflammatory mediators , plasma and urine were analyzed for cytokines -LRB- interleukin -LRB- IL -RRB- -1 beta , IL-1 receptor antagonist , IL-2 , IL-4 , IL-6 , IL-8 , IL-10 , IL-12p40 , IL-12p70 , tumour necrosis factor-alpha , interferon-gamma , monocyte chemotactic protein-1 , granulocyte colony-stimulating factor , macrophage colony-stimulating factor , and granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor -RRB- , leucocyte activation markers -LRB- calprotectin and myeloperoxidase -RRB- , and neutrophil chemotactic factor complement 5a . All subjects reported muscle soreness on subsequent days and VAS peaked at 72 h after exercise . Serum Mb concentration significantly increased -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- at 72 h after exercise as compared with the pre-exercise values which was correlated with the increases in VAS at 72 h -LRB- r = 0.73 , p < 0.05 -RRB- . These results suggest that neutrophils can be mobilized into the circulation and migrate to the muscle tissue several hours after the eccentric exercise . There were also positive correlations between the exercise-induced increases in neutrophil migratory activity at 4 h and the increases in Mb at 48 h -LRB- r = 0.67 , p < 0.05 -RRB- . These findings suggest that neutrophil mobilization and migration after exercise may be involved in the muscle damage and inflammatory processes . <b> Introduction : </b> The aim of the present work was to perform a meta-analysis evaluating the impact of recovery techniques on delayed onset muscle soreness -LRB- DOMS -RRB- , perceived fatigue , muscle damage , and inflammatory markers after physical exercise . <b> Method : </b> Three databases including <i>
The pulmonary veins -LRB- PVs -RRB- and surrounding ostial areas frequently house focal triggers or reentrant circuits critical to the genesis of atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- . We developed an anatomic approach aimed at isolating each PV from the left atrium -LRB- LA -RRB- by circumferential radiofrequency -LRB- RF -RRB- lesions around their ostia . We selected 26 patients with resistant AF , either paroxysmal -LRB- n = 14 -RRB- or permanent -LRB- n = 12 -RRB- . A nonfluoroscopic mapping system was used to generate 3D electroanatomic LA maps and deliver RF energy . Two maps were acquired during coronary sinus and right atrial pacing to validate the lateral and septal PV lesions , respectively . Patients were followed up closely for > / = 6 months . Procedures lasted 290 + / -58 minutes , including 80 + / -22 minutes for acquisition of all maps , and 118 + / -16 RF pulses were deployed . Among 14 patients in AF at the beginning of the procedure , 64 % had sinus rhythm restoration during ablation . PV isolation was demonstrated in 76 % of 104 PVs treated by low peak-to-peak electrogram amplitude -LRB- 0 . 08 + / -0.02 mV -RRB- inside the circular line and by disparity in activation times -LRB- 58 + / -11 ms -RRB- across the lesion . After 9 + / -3 months , 22 patients -LRB- 85 % -RRB- were AF-free , including 62 % not taking and 23 % taking antiarrhythmic drugs , with no difference -LRB- P : = NS -RRB- between paroxysmal and permanent AF . No thromboembolic events or PV stenoses were observed by transesophageal echocardiography . Radiofrequency PV isolation with electroanatomic guidance is safe and effective in either paroxysmal or permanent AF . Stepwise segmental pulmonary vein isolation -LRB- SPVI -RRB- and circumferential pulmonary vein isolation -LRB- CPVI -RRB- have been developed to treat patients with atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- , but the preferable approach for paroxysmal AF -LRB- PAF -RRB- has not been established . One hundred and ten patients with symptomatic PAF were randomized into a stepwise SPVI group -LRB- n = 55 -RRB- or CPVI group -LRB- n = 55 -RRB- . Systemic SPVI combined with left atrial linear ablation tailored by inducibility of AF was performed in the stepwise SPVI group . Circumferential linear ablation around the left and right-sided pulmonary veins -LRB- PVs -RRB- guided by 3-dimensional electroanatomic mapping was performed in the CPVI group . The endpoints of ablation are non-induciblity of AF in the stepwise SPVI group and continuity of circular lesions combined with PV isolation in the CPVI group . After the initial procedures , atrial tachyarrhythmis -LRB- ATa -RRB- recurred within the first 3 months in 23 of the 55 patients -LRB- 41.8 % -RRB- who underwent stepwise SPVI and in 20 of the 55 patients -LRB- 36.4 % -RRB- who had CPVI -LRB- p = 0.69 -RRB- . Repeat procedures were performed in 7 patients from the stepwise SPVI group and 5 from the CPVI group -LRB- p = 0.76 -RRB- . During the 3-9 months after the last procedure , 46 patients -LRB- 83.6 % -RRB- from the CPVI group and 43 -LRB- 78.2 % -RRB- from the stepwise SPVI group did not have symptomatic ATa while not taking anti-arrhythmic drugs -LRB- p = 0.63 -RRB- . Severe subcutaneous hematoma or PV stenosis occurred in 3 patients . The efficacy of stepwise SPVI is comparable to that of CPVI for patients with PAF . Atrial tachyarrhythmias -LRB- ATa -RRB- can recur after continuous circular lesions -LRB- CCLs -RRB- around the ipsilateral pulmonary veins -LRB- PVs -RRB- in patients with atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- . This study characterizes the electrophysiological findings in patients with and without ATa after complete PV isolation . Twenty-nine of 100 patients had recurrent ATa after complete PV isolation by use of CCLs during a mean follow-up of approximately 8 months . A repeat procedure was performed in 26 patients with ATa and in 7 volunteers without ATa at 3 to 4 months after CCLs . No recovered PV conduction was demonstrated in the 7 volunteers , whereas recovered PV conduction was found in 21 patients with recurrent ATa -LRB- right-sided PVs in 9 patients and left-sided PVs in 16 patients -RRB- . The interval from the onset of the P wave to the earliest PV spike was 157 + / -66 ms in the right-sided PVs and 149 + / -45 ms in the left-sided PVs . During the procedure , PV tachycardia activated the atrium and resulted in atrial tachycardia -LRB- AT -RRB- in 10 patients . All conduction gaps were successfully closed with segmental RF ablation . After PV isolation , macroreentrant AT was induced and ablated in 3 patients . In the 5 patients without PV conduction , focal AT in the left atrial roof in 2 patients and non-PV foci in the left atrium in 1 patient were successfully abolished ; in the remaining 2 patients , no ablation was performed because of noninducible arrhythmias . During a mean follow-up of approximately 6 months , 24 patients were free of ATa without antiarrhythmic drugs . In patients with recurrent ATa after CCLs , recovered PV conduction is a dominant finding in approximately 80 % of patients and can be successfully eliminated by segmental RF ablation . Also , mapping and ablation of non-PV arrhythmias can improve clinical success . Recent clinical studies performed in human subjects have provided important clues that improved our understanding of the mechanisms of atrial fibrillation -LRB- AF -RRB- and facilitated development of new treatment strategies . When analyzed together , these studies confirm the complexity and multifactorial nature of AF . Because a variety of mechanisms such as focal drivers within the thoracic veins , rotors in the left atrium , multiple reentrant circuits , and autonomic innervation may play a role in the initiation and maintenance of
Report lessons learned in an RCT of Stop My Smoking -LRB- SMS -RRB- USA , a mHealth smoking cessation program for young adult smokers . 164 18-24-year-olds were recruited nationally , online in 2011 . Program evaluation data were provided at 12-week post-Quit Day . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Inviting participants to complete a brief text messaging survey and then asking them to complete a longer online survey resulted in the highest response rate -LRB- 89 % -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The positive tone of program messages was the most commonly noted program strength . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Suggested improvements included more social connectivity and additional assistance overcoming stressful situations . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Half of intervention participants moved through the program linearly and half went through various paths that reflected multiple relapses . Suggestions to use pharmacotherapy resulted in 22 % of heavy smokers to utilize it . Participant feedback provided concrete ways in which this and other young adult-focused interventions can improve messaging and program features to be even more salient . Future young adult mHealth interventions could : Integrate models that are flexible to different `` paths '' of behavior change ; address stressful life events directly and comprehensively ; integrate proactive messaging that promotes pharmacotherapy options ; and use text messaging as a gateway to longer online surveys . Steps to develop or refine text messaging-based interventions are largely missing from the literature . Here , the authors describe steps in refining Stop My Smoking USA , a text messaging-based smoking cessation program for smokers 18-25 years old . Research activities included the following : needs assessment focus groups -LRB- n = 35 -RRB- ; a content advisory team to affirm message acceptability -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- ; and two beta tests to confirm technological feasibility -LRB- n = 12 and 28 , respectively -RRB- . Various recruitment strategies were tested to identify the optimal methods to reach young adult smokers ready to quit . Each stage of the refinement process yielded new insights , resulting in improved message content and tone , an effective recruitment strategy , and the identification and subsequent resolution of technology challenges . Findings suggest that young adults prefer messages that provide concrete behavioral strategies to overcome cravings , and which are positive in tone . Craigslist was the most efficient recruitment method and yielded a sample that was racially and economically diverse . Despite a successful beta test of initial technological feasibility , extensive problems were subsequently experienced in a beta test of the technological feasibility of the entire program . Iterative program refinement and adaptation on the basis of user input is necessary to ensure salience , while extensive field testing is required to ensure proper functioning of technology-based programs . Sleep and physical activity are two health behaviors associated with improved smoking cessation outcomes . Text message-based interventions have previously been used to promote physical activity and smoking cessation ; however , this type of intervention has not targeted sleep habits . This study examined the effectiveness of a text message-based active control intervention in improving sleep and physical activity habits among a U.S. national sample of young adult smokers participating in a smoking cessation intervention . This study was a secondary analysis of data from the Stop My Smoking USA randomized controlled trial . Baseline and 3-month follow-up data were collected from 116 young adult smokers -LRB- mean age 21.8 years , SD = 2.1 -RRB- who were randomized at a 2:1 ratio to receive a 6-week text messaging program focused on either smoking cessation -LRB- n = 72 -RRB- , or improving sleep and physical activity -LRB- n = 44 -RRB- . Three main outcomes were assessed : 1 -RRB- sleep quantity -LRB- on work/school nights , and non-work/non-school nights -RRB- , 2 -RRB- sleep quality , and 3 -RRB- physical activity at follow-up . Multivariable linear regression analysis was used to quantify the differences in these outcomes between the groups . To identify possible effect modification by baseline sleep and physical activity , the sample was stratified by indicators defined for both of these variables . Physical activity at follow-up was similar for the two groups , when examined among the total sample and when stratified by baseline activity level . This study provides preliminary evidence that a text message-based intervention may be a promising approach for improving sleep quantity among young adult smokers who are short sleepers and interested in quitting smoking . Similar programs should be further explored as a novel approach for improving sleep habits among individuals with insufficient sleep . ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01516632 .
While the majority of fistulas-in-ano are anatomically simple and easy to treat , a significant number are high or anatomically complex and have the potential to become a major management problem . One hundred and seven consecutive patients undergoing surgery for fistula-in-ano were studied prospectively with standardized anatomic diagrams . Fistulas were classified as superficial -LRB- 15 % -RRB- , intersphincteric -LRB- 43 % -RRB- , trans-sphincteric -LRB- 35 % -RRB- or ` high ' -LRB- 7 % -RRB- . Within each group fistulas were considered either simple or complex -LRB- high tracks , extra tracks or other complications -RRB- . Trans-sphincteric fistulas were more often complex than intersphincteric fistulas -LRB- 32 vs 6 % -RRB- . A prior history of perianal sepsis and surgery was more frequent among the trans-sphincteric and ` high ' groups . An external fistula opening within a narrow are 30 degrees either side of the posterior midline was almost always associated with a simple superficial or intersphincteric fistula -LRB- 97 % -RRB- . Anterior and especially posterolaterally located external openings were frequently associated with complex fistulas -LRB- 16 and 47 % , respectively -RRB- and often had trans-sphincteric or ` high ' tracks -LRB- 58 and 56 % -RRB- . Goodsall 's Law was more accurate for posterior -LRB- 91 % -RRB- and intersphincteric -LRB- 93 % -RRB- fistulas than for anterior -LRB- 69 % -RRB- and trans-sphincteric -LRB- 68 % -RRB- fistulas . Histopathology of fistula material showed unremarkable fistula-in-ano in 87 % of requests . Six patients had unexpected abnormal results , including three new diagnoses of Crohn 's disease . The presence of additional anatomic complexity should always be anticipated in trans-sphincteric fistulas . Trans-sphincteric and ` high ' fistulas are more likely to occur in females , and in patients with previous perianal sepsis or surgery for fistula . External openings close to the posterior midline almost always underlie simple fistulas , whereas posterolateral external openings are predictive of complex fistulas . The course of the fistula tract in relation to the anal sphincter is identified by clinical examination under general anaesthesia using a fistula probe and injection of fluid into the external fistula opening . In the event of a complex fistula or in the case of fistula recurrence , this should be supplemented with an endoluminal ultrasound scan and/or an MRI scan . St. Mark 's fistula chart should be used for the description . Simple fistulas are amenable to fistulotomy , whereas treatment of complex fistulas requires special expertise and management of all available treatment modalities to tailor the right operation to the individual patient . The given levels of evidence and grades of recommendations are according to the Oxford Centre for Evidence-based Medicine -LRB- www.cemb.net -RRB- . A fistula is defined as a pathological connection between the intestine and an inner -LRB- bladder or other intestine -RRB- or outer -LRB- vagina or skin -RRB- epithelial surface . Fistulas are discovered in up to 25 % of all Crohn 's disease patients during long-term follow-up examinations . Most are perianal fistulas , and these may be classified as simple or complex . The initial investigation of perianal fistulas includes imaging -LRB- MRI of the pelvis and rectum -RRB- , examination under anaesthesia -LRB- EUA -RRB- with digital imaging , endoscopy , probing and anal ultrasound . Non-perianal fistulas require contrast imaging and/or CT/MRI for complete anatomical definition . Any abscess should be drained , and the disease extent throughout the entire gastrointestinal tract should be evaluated . Treatment goals for perianal fistulas include reduced fistula secretion or none , evaluated by clinical examination ; the absence of abscesses ; and patient satisfaction . MR imaging is required to demonstrate definitive fistula closure . Fistulotomy is considered for simple perianal fistulas . In complex perianal fistulas , antibiotics and azathioprine or 6-mercaptopurine , which are often combined with a loose seton , constitute the first-line medical therapy . In cases with persistent secretion , infliximab at 5 mg/kg is given at weeks 0 , 2 , and 6 and subsequently every 8 weeks . Adalimumab may improve fistula response in both infliximab-naïve patients and following infliximab treatment failure . Local therapy with fibrin glue or fistula plugs is rarely effective . Definitive surgical closure of perianal fistulas using an advancement flap may be attempted , but this procedure is associated with a high risk of relapse . Colostomy and proctectomy are the ultimate surgical treatment options for fistulas . Intestinal resection is almost always needed for the closure of symptomatic non-perianal fistulas . Perianal fistula is a very unpleasant condition . It is also quite difficult to be solved without recurrence or with complete preservation of sphincter function . This paper summarizes the etiology , classification of fistulas along with the long-term surgical experiences in the approach and the treatment of this condition . Management of anal fistula poses problems because of competing goals of cure and maintenance of continence . There is increasing recognition of significant rates of incontinence after sphincter-dividing anal surgery . We aimed to determine cure and continence status in a cohort of anal fistula patients managed by both sphincter-dividing and conserving approaches . Data on fistula , healing and continence status were gathered by patient questionnaire -LRB- Cleveland Clinic incontinence questionnaire -RRB- , telephone interview and chart review . Fistulae were defined as simple -LRB- low risk of incontinence -RRB- or complex -LRB- high risk -RRB- . Surgery was defined as sphincter conservation and sphincter division . Incontinence was graded by traditional severity scale -LRB- minor/major -RRB- . Fistula healing was defined as absence of acute or chronic sepsis symptoms from surgery to date of last follow-up . One hundred and twenty-eight patients were evaluated -LRB- out of whom 71 % were male subjects , age range 17-82 , median age 45 years -RRB- . Fifty-two percent of the fistulae were complex and 48 % were simple , of which 51 % and
Pepducins are membrane-tethered , cell-penetrating lipopeptides that target the cytoplasmic surface of their cognate receptor . Here , we report the first human use of a protease-activated receptor-1-based pepducin , which is intended as an antiplatelet agent to prevent ischemic complications of percutaneous coronary interventions . PZ-128 was administered by 1 to 2 hours continuous intravenous infusion -LRB- 0.01-2 mg/kg -RRB- to 31 subjects with coronary artery disease or multiple coronary artery disease risk factors . Safety , antiplatelet efficacy , and pharmacokinetics were assessed at baseline and 0.5 , 1 , 2 , 6 , 24 hours , and 7 to 10 days postdosing . The inhibitory effects of PZ-128 on platelet aggregation stimulated by the protease-activated receptor-1 agonist SFLLRN -LRB- 8 μmol/L -RRB- at 30 minutes to 6 hours were dose dependent with 20 % to 40 % inhibition at 0.3 mg/kg , 40 % to 60 % at 0.5 mg/kg , and ≥ 80 % to 100 % at 1 to 2 mg/kg . The subgroup receiving aspirin in the 0.5 and 1-mg/kg dose cohorts had 65 % to 100 % inhibition of final aggregation to SFLLRN at 30 minutes to 2 hours and 95 % to 100 % inhibition by 6 hours . The inhibitory effects of 0.5 mg/kg PZ-128 were reversible with 50 % recovery of aggregation to SFLLRN by 24 hours . There were no significant effects of PZ-128 on aggregation induced by AYPGKF , ADP , or collagen , indicating that the observed effects were specific to protease-activated receptor-1 . The plasma half-life was 1.3 to 1.8 hours , and PZ-128 was nondetectable in urine . URL : http://www.clinicaltrials.gov .
Tuberous sclerosis is a relatively common inherited disease that causes multiple benign tumours in different organs , frequently leading to skin rashes , seizures and mental handicap . The disease can be caused by mutations in either of two genes , TSC2 , identified in 1993 , and TSC1 , only recently identified . Here we review the current state of knowledge of the molecular genetics of tuberous sclerosis and the spectrum of mutations seen in and the implications of recent findings for patients . Although both genes appear to function as tumour suppressors , the function of their protein products is not understood . A speculative model of how these proteins might function is briefly described . Tuberous sclerosis -LRB- TSC -RRB- is an autosomal dominant hamartoma syndrome whose causative genes -LRB- TSC1 and TSC2 -RRB- were identified 5 and 9 years ago respectively . Their encoded proteins are large , and apart from a strong binding interaction with each other , relatively little was known about their biochemical function . Recent studies in Drosophila have pinpointed a critical function for the DrosophilaTSC1/TSC2 homologues in the regulation of cell size . Epistasis experiments and a variety of biochemical studies that followed have indicated a critical function for these proteins in the highly conserved PI-3-kinase-Akt-mTOR signalling pathway . Tuberous sclerosis -LRB- TSC -RRB- is an autosomal dominant multisystem disorder with loci assigned to chromosomes 9 and 16 . Using pulsed-field gel electrophoresis -LRB- PFGE -RRB- , we identified five TSC-associated deletions at 16p13 .3 . These were mapped to a 120 kb region that was cloned in cosmids and from which four genes were isolated . One gene , designated TSC2 , was interrupted by all five PFGE deletions , and closer examination revealed several intragenic mutations , including one de novo deletion . In this case , Northern blot analysis identified a shortened transcript , while reduced expression was observed in another TSC family , confirming TSC2 as the chromosome 16 TSC gene . The 5.5 kb TSC2 transcript is widely expressed , and its protein product , tuberin , has a region of homology to the GTPase-activating protein GAP3 . Tuberous sclerosis complex -LRB- TSC -RRB- is an autosomal dominant disorder characterized by the widespread development of distinctive tumors termed hamartomas . TSC-determining loci have been mapped to chromosomes 9q34 -LRB- TSC1 -RRB- and 16p13 -LRB- TSC2 -RRB- . The TSC1 gene was identified from a 900-kilobase region containing at least 30 genes . The 8.6-kilobase TSC1 transcript is widely expressed and encodes a protein of 130 kilodaltons -LRB- hamartin -RRB- that has homology to a putative yeast protein of unknown function . Thirty-two distinct mutations were identified in TSC1 , 30 of which were truncating , and a single mutation -LRB- 2105delAAAG -RRB- was seen in six apparently unrelated patients . In one of these six , a somatic mutation in the wild-type allele was found in a TSC-associated renal carcinoma , which suggests that hamartin acts as a tumor suppressor . Src , a non-receptor tyrosine kinase frequently overexpressed and highly activated in malignancies , has been associated with a poor patient prognosis . The aim of the present studies was to examine the impact of an Src inhibitor -LRB- saracatinib -RRB- on a highly metastatic murine sarcoma cell line -LRB- KHT -RRB- . Phosphorylation of Src and downstream effectors was determined using Western immunoblotting . Cell cycle was analyzed by flow cytometry using propidium iodide DNA staining , migration and invasion in modified Boyden chambers , activated MMP-9 by gel zymography , and visualization of pSrc and pFAK by confocal immunofluorescence . The number of KHT lung nodules in saracatinib-treated mice was compared to controls . Saracatinib inhibited major pathways in the metastatic cascade in vitro , including Src and FAK activation . Functions required for metastasis , such as migration and invasion , were reduced when cells were exposed to 0.5 μM and 1.0 μM saracatinib , respectively -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- . Pretreatment of KHT cells with either 1 μM or 5 μM saracatinib prior to tail vein injection decreased lung colonies in mice from 13.0 to 5.0 -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- and less than 1.0 -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- , respectively . These findings suggest that Src inhibition by saracatinib may reduce the metastatic activity of tumor cells . In both chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis -LRB- IPF -RRB- , abnormally high collagen remodeling occurs within the lung tissue . Matrix metalloproteinase -LRB- MMP -RRB- - degraded type I , III , IV , V and VI collagen and a disintegrin and metalloproteinase with thrombospondin motifs -LRB- ADAMTS -RRB- - degraded type III collagen were assessed in serum of patients diagnosed with mild COPD -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- or IPF -LRB- n = 30 -RRB- , and healthy controls -LRB- n = 15 -RRB- . The collagen degradation markers C1M , C3M , C5M and C6M were significantly elevated in serum of both mild COPD and IPF patients , versus controls . C3A and C4M were only elevated in patients with mild COPD , compared with controls . The most reliable indicators of mild COPD versus controls were : C1M -LRB- area under the receiver-operating characteristics -LRB- AUROC = 0.94 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- , C3M -LRB- AUROC = 0.95 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- , and C5M -LRB- AUROC = 0.95 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- . The most reliable markers for the diagnosis of IPF were achieved by C1M -LRB- AUROC = 0.90 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- and C3M -LRB- AUROC = 0.93 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- . Collagen degradation was highly up-regulated in patients with IPF and mild COPD , indicating that degradation fragments of collagens are potential markers of pulmonary diseases . Interestingly , C4M and C3A were only elevated in patients with mild COPD , indicating that these markers could be used to distinguish
To investigate the transcorporal -LRB- TC -RRB- vs standard -LRB- ST -RRB- approach of artificial urinary sphincter -LRB- AUS -RRB- placement for incontinence after treatment of prostate adenocarcinoma -LRB- PCa -RRB- with radiotherapy or surgery , or both . A database was created to include the data from all patients who had undergone AUS placement from January 2000 to August 2005 at the University of California , San Francisco , Medical Center . We noted the demographic features , comorbidities , PCa therapy , technique for AUS placement , and postoperative outcome . The continence and failure rates were recorded for TC AUS placement in patients previously treated for PCa . A total of 30 patients underwent aus surgery during the study period : 26 for incontinence after PCa treatment . Of the 26 patients , 18 had undergone ST -LRB- ST group -RRB- and 8 had undergone TC -LRB- TC group -RRB- AUS placement , with a minimal follow-up of 12 months and a mean follow-up of 31 and 28 months , respectively . The 2 groups did not differ widely in age or comorbidities . Of the patients in the ST and TC groups , 44 % and 50 % had undergone external beam radiotherapy or brachytherapy and 78 % and 100 % had undergone radical prostatectomy , respectively . Of the patients in the ST and TC groups , 22 % and 89 % had undergone > or = 2 types of urethral surgery before AUS placement , respectively . A total of 50 % of TC group underwent TC placement without having undergone a previous sling or ST AUS procedure . The AUS removal rates were equivalent between the 2 groups at 2 years . Finally , the success rate for social continence was 69 % and 81 % for ST and TC group , respectively . The results of our study , with 2 years of follow-up , have shown that TC AUS placement is an effective salvage or primary incontinence treatment for high-risk patients after PCa therapy . We determine health related quality of life and urinary outcomes of men undergoing implantation of an artificial urinary sphincter for post-radical prostatectomy incontinence . Through a data base provided by American Medical Systems , we mailed the UCLA Prostate Cancer Index to men who underwent artificial urinary sphincter implantation during 6-month intervals in 1995 in 1999 , providing 5 and 2-year followup data , respectively . Of the anonymous questionnaires 36 % were returned from the 1995 cohort and 45 % from the 1999 cohort . Age adjusted mean scores for the 8 health related quality of life domains were comparable in both groups . Urinary function and bother scores were worse in the 1995 cohort compared to the 1999 group -LRB- 40 and 48 versus 53 and 58 , respectively , p < 0.001 -RRB- , with pad use of 97 % and 83 % respectively . Revision rates were 16 % at 2 years and 28 % at 5 years after implantation . Our national survey revealed that despite significant differences in urinary function and bother , men 2 and 5 years after artificial urinary sphincter implantation had similar general health related quality of life . The continence outcomes differed from most single institution studies in that men after sphincter implantation reported a high degree of urinary dysfunction and bother . Artificial urinary sphincter implantation may significantly improve scores in urinary function but continued pad use is to be expected . A distal cuff location is often required in patients undergoing artificial urinary sphincter reimplantation after previous erosion or in those requiring revision because of urethral atrophy at the original cuff site . Dissecting the urethra at a more distal site increases the risk of urethral injury and erosion , and often the urethral circumference is so small that a 4 cm . cuff is too large . We present a novel technique for distal cuff placement using transcorporal dissection that leaves corporal tunica albuginea on the dorsal surface of the urethra , allowing for its safer mobilization and adding to its bulk . We reviewed the charts of 31 men who underwent this technique and contacted 26 by telephone . The indications for distal transcorporal cuff placement varied . In 7 men with inadequate urethral coaptation with a 4 cm . proximal cuff at initial implantation a primary transcorporal tandem cuff was implanted distal . proximal cuff led to secondary distal reimplantation . Previous artificial urinary sphincter erosion and/or infection in 10 cases , previous urethral surgery at the optimal cuff site in 5 and radiation changes at the optimal cuff site in 1 led to selection of the more distal site and technique . Of the transcorporally placed cuffs 18 were 4 cm . and 13 were 4.5 cm . Preoperatively 5.2 pads were used daily . Of the 31 patients 27 were impotent preoperatively , 1 had normal erections , 1 had partial erections with the MUSE drug delivery system -LRB- Vivus , Inc. , Menlo Park , California -RRB- and 2 had a previously placed penile prosthesis . Of the 26 men surveyed 25 were very satisfied with the postoperative level of incontinence . Postoperatively erectile function deteriorated in 1 patient and was unchanged in the remainder . There was no erosion or infection of the transcorporally placed cuffs , although 3 were replaced for malfunction . This technique offers significant advantages in cases of revision . The technique protects the urethra from intraoperative dissection injury and decreases the risk of erosion because the urethra is buttressed at its vulnerable location . In addition , bulk is added to the urethra , allowing for better cuff sizing , which is usually a problem at this location where the urethra is small , thereby , improving continence in revised cases . Our success has recently led us to abandon tandem cuff placement altogether . There is a potential for deteriorating erectile
The effect of HIV infection duration and CD4 cell count on short-term CD4 response was evaluated in treatment-naive seroconverters using logistic regression adjusted for CD4 count before highly active antiretroviral therapy -LRB- HAART -RRB- as well as for exposure category , age , sex , acute infection , and cohort . This association was also investigated in pretreated seroconverters , further adjusting for prior therapy . CD4 response -LRB- increase of > 100 cells/microL at 6 months -RRB- was more likely if HAART was initiated in the first year following seroconversion -LRB- OR = 1.50 -LSB- 95 % CI : 1.07-2.10 -RSB- compared with 2-5 years -RRB- . Below 200 cells/microL , however , the chance of a CD4 response appeared to be reduced -LRB- OR = 0.72 -LSB- 95 % CI : 0.40-1.28 -RSB- for 0-200 cells/microL compared with 201-350 cells/microL , P = 0.26 -RRB- . Results were similar for pretreated individuals . Further , in pretreated individuals , a CD4 response was less likely if the CD4 nadir was lower than the pre-HAART CD4 count -LRB- OR = 0.18 -LSB- 95 % CI : 0.10-0.36 -RSB- for > 150 cells/microL difference between nadir and pre-HAART CD4 count vs. no difference , P < 0.001 -RRB- . Given the limitations of observational studies , particularly the inability to control for unmeasured confounders , these findings suggest that the initiation of HAART within the first year following seroconversion appears to improve short-term immunologic response . After that time , there is little to be gained in terms of short-term response from initiating HAART before reaching a CD4 count of 200 cells/microL . The 2NN Study was a randomised comparison of the non-nucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitors -LRB- NNRTI -RRB- nevirapine and efavirenz . In this multicentre , open-label , randomised trial , 1216 antiretroviral-therapy-naive patients were assigned nevirapine 400 mg once daily , nevirapine 200 mg twice daily , efavirenz 600 mg once daily , or nevirapine -LRB- 400 mg -RRB- and efavirenz -LRB- 800 mg -RRB- once daily , plus stavudine and lamivudine , for 48 weeks . The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients with treatment failure -LRB- less than 1 log -LRB- 10 -RRB- decline in plasma HIV-1 RNA in the first 12 weeks or two consecutive measurements of more than 50 copies per mL from week 24 onwards , disease progression -LSB- new Centers for Disease Control and Prevention grade C event or death -RSB- , or change of allocated treatment -RRB- . Analyses were by intention to treat . Treatment failure occurred in 96 -LRB- 43.6 % -RRB- of 220 patients assigned nevirapine once daily , 169 -LRB- 43.7 % -RRB- of 387 assigned nevirapine twice daily , 151 -LRB- 37.8 % -RRB- of 400 assigned efavirenz , and 111 -LRB- 53.1 % -RRB- of 209 assigned nevirapine plus efavirenz . There were no significant differences among the study groups in the proportions with plasma HIV-1 RNA concentrations below 50 copies per mL at week 48 -LRB- p = 0.193 -RRB- or the increases in CD4-positive cells -LRB- p = 0.800 -RRB- . Nevirapine plus efavirenz was associated with the highest frequency of clinical adverse events , and nevirapine once daily with significantly more hepatobiliary laboratory toxicities than efavirenz . Of 25 observed deaths , two were attributed to nevirapine . Antiretroviral therapy with nevirapine or efavirenz showed similar efficacy , so triple-drug regimens with either NNRTI are valid for first-line treatment . There are , however , differences in safety profiles . Combination of nevirapine and efavirenz did not improve efficacy but caused more adverse events .
The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of characteristics of social networks and support on depressive symptoms in the elderly . The subjects were 1,962 noninstitutionalized persons 65 years and older from the New Haven Establishment of Populations for Epidemiologic Study of the Elderly in 1982 , who were available to give a complete follow-up interview in 1985 . Baseline depression , functional disability in 1982 , and any change in disability by 1985 were considered as additional influences on 1985 depression , requiring adjustment along with sociodemographic variables . Multiple regression procedures were used to simultaneously examine the variables . Baseline depression , functional disability , and change in functional disability made the largest contribution to explaining the variance in depression . Among the social support and network characteristics , loss of a spouse , adequacy of emotional support , and its change during 1982-1985 made the largest contributions . Other significant characteristics in relative order of magnitude of effect , based on contrast tests , included tangible support adequacy and its change , loss of a confidant between 1982 and 1985 , number of children making weekly visits and change in this number by 1985 , and the absence of a confidant in both 1982 and 1985 . For mental health outcomes , these findings emphasize the need to consider specific dimensions of social support and networks rather than global measures . Independent interviews with husbands and wives from 317 community-dwelling older couples showed that depressive symptoms in 1 spouse had a significant impact on depressive symptoms in the other spouse , after controlling for potentially confounding respondent sociodemographic and health status variables . Relationship quality moderated the influence , with spouse depressive symptoms contributing more of the variance to a respondent 's symptoms when a couple were close than when they were not and closeness to a spouse buffering the potentially depressive effects of a respondent 's own frailty and financial distress . Husband 's own variables explained more of the variance in his symptoms when the couple were not close than when they were , and closeness to his wife increased a husband 's vulnerability to the impact of the wife 's health status . A meta-analysis was carried out to evaluate data published between January 1974 and February 1998 comparing rates of treatment response and tolerability of pharmacological and psychological treatments for depression in persons over age 55 . Drugs -LRB- tricyclic antidepressants , selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors , and a mixed group of other drugs -RRB- were significantly better than placebo , with an average reduction in symptom severity of 48.0 % versus 31.3 % -LRB- analysis weighted by sample size ; 50.6 % vs. 21.4 % unweighted -RRB- . No single drug or group of drugs was superior in terms of efficacy , and no statistically significant differences in tolerability emerged between tricyclic antidepressants and selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors , whether measured by total dropouts or by dropouts due to side effects . Compared to the data on pharmacological treatments , those for outcomes of psychological treatments are very limited . Existing data indicate that cognitive-behavioral , behavioral , and psychodynamic therapies are significantly better than placebo . In the current meta-analysis , response rates to these nondrug therapies did not differ significantly from those observed with tricyclic antidepressants or selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors , but direct comparison data are insufficient for firm conclusions to be drawn about comparative efficacy . It is possible , even likely , that not only different subtypes of depression but also different patients vary in their treatment responses . However , lack of adequate data prevented the current meta-analysis from addressing these issues . Rigorously designed prospective studies on treatment outcome , taking into account the above differences , are urgently needed to provide robust data on which to base clinical recommendations for the treatment of depression in older patients . Depression was studied in a community sample of 962 males and 1555 females aged 55 years and over living in Kentucky in 1981 . The sample was representative of the population in Kentucky in that age group and quite similar to that US population . The Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale was used as a measure of depression , and 13.7 % of the males and 18.2 % of the females were at or above a previously established cutpoint of 20 for adults over age 55 years . Significant relationships to depression were found in both sexes for age , education , income , housing quality , marital status , and health . For females , the age-depression relationship was not linear . By far the strongest relationship was with self-reported physical health . Significant proportions of those with self-reported kidney or bladder disease , heart trouble , lung trouble , hardening of the arteries , and stroke were above the depression cutpoint . For those conditions , physicians could expect high levels of concomitant depression in about one fourth of males and at least one third of females . These levels of depression were not found for those with high blood pressure , stomach ulcers , cancer , or diabetes . Over half of the sample reported taking prescribed medication and over half had needed a physician 's care in the previous six months . Only 3.9 % of the males and 3.2 % of the females admitted to needing help for mental health problems . Thus , older adults with depression would probably be more likely to seek help from physicians than from services or professionals with explicit mental health labels . Seventy patients with nonbipolar affective disorder who completed a 12-week course of either cognitive therapy -LRB- CT -RRB- , pharmacotherapy , CT plus active placebo , or CT plus pharmacotherapy were assessed one month , six months , and one year after termination of active treatment . Of the 44 patients who had originally responded to treatment , 16 relapsed as
Sickle cell disease continues to cause significant morbidity and mortality despite increases in life expectancy . This review looks at recent translational research in sickle cell disease , covering the red cell membrane , the vascular endothelium , local and systemic inflammation and the potentially pivotal role of nitric oxide as a key regulator of sickle cell complications . Clinical research reviewed includes pulmonary hypertension , which is emerging as a particularly deadly scourge of adults with any haemolytic anaemia , and newer insights into older , more established complications and treatments , such as red cell transfusions , the need for and use of iron chelation and avascular necrosis . Treatment options for sickle cell disease -LRB- SCD -RRB- pain could be tailored to pain locations . But few epidemiologic descriptions of SCD pain location exist ; these are based on few subjects over short time periods . We enrolled 308 adults with SCD in 2002-2004 . Subjects kept daily pain diaries for up to 6 months , including a body chart . Mixed model and generalized estimating equations were employed for analyses . Two hundred and sixty subjects completed at least one body chart . An average of 3.3 / 16 sites -LRB- 25 % -RRB- were painful . The number of pain sites varied by age , depression , frequent pain days , crisis and unplanned hospital/ED utilization . Lower back , knee/shin and hip , hurt on average more than a third of pain days , while jaw and pelvis hurt on fewer than 10 % of days . Odds of a crisis were increased substantially when pain was in the arm , shoulder , upper back , sternum , clavicle , chest or pelvis -LRB- OR > 1.5 -RRB- while the odds of unplanned utilization were substantially increased for the sternum , clavicle and chest -LRB- OR > 2.0 -RRB- . Pain in SCD varies considerably both within and between subjects , although it occurs most commonly in the lower back and lower extremities . The number and location of pain sites vary significantly by age , frequent pain , crisis and utilization .
Clinical characteristics and patterns of healthcare utilization in patients with painful neuropathic disorders -LRB- PNDs -RRB- who are under the care of general practitioners -LRB- GPs -RRB- in the UK are not well understood . Using a large electronic UK database , we identified all adults -LRB- age ≥ 18 years -RRB- with any GP encounters between 1 January 2006-31 December 2006 at which a diagnosis of PND was noted -LRB- `` PND patients '' -RRB- . An age-and gender-matched comparison group also was constituted consisting of randomly selected patients with one or more GP encounters-but no mention of PNDs-during this period . The prevalence of various comorbidities was higher among patients in the PND group , including digestive disorders -LRB- 31 % vs. 17 % for comparison group -RRB- , circulatory disorders -LRB- 29 % vs. 22 % -RRB- , and depression -LRB- 4 % vs. 3 % -RRB- -LRB- all p < 0.01 -RRB- . Receipt of prescriptions for pain-related pharmacotherapy also was higher among PND patients , including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs -LRB- 56 % of PND patients had one or more such prescriptions vs. only 22 % in the comparison group -RRB- , opioids -LRB- 49 % vs. 12 % -RRB- , tricyclic antidepressants -LRB- 20 % vs. 1 % -RRB- , and antiepileptics -LRB- 12 % vs. 1 % -RRB- -LRB- all p < 0.01 -RRB- . PND patients also averaged significantly more GP visits -LRB- 22.8 vs. 14.2 -RRB- and referrals to specialists -LRB- 2.8 vs. 1.4 -RRB- over one year -LRB- both comparisons p < 0.01 -RRB- . Patients with PNDs under the care of GPs in the UK have relatively high levels of use of healthcare services and pain-related pharmacotherapy .
Dry beans and soybeans are nutrient-dense , fiber-rich , and are high-quality sources of protein . Protective and therapeutic effects of both dry bean and soybean intake have been documented . Studies show that dry bean intake has the potential to decrease serum cholesterol concentrations , improve many aspects of the diabetic state , and provide metabolic benefits that aid in weight control . Soybeans are a unique source of the isoflavones genistein and diadzein , which have numerous biological functions . Soybeans and soyfoods potentially have multifaceted health-promoting effects , including cholesterol reduction , improved vascular health , preserved bone mineral density , and reduction of menopausal symptoms . Soy appears to have salutary effects on renal function , although these effects are not well understood . Whereas populations consuming high intakes of soy have lower prevalences of certain cancers , definitive experimental data are insufficient to clarify a protective role of soy . The availability of legume products and resources is increasing , incorporating dry beans and soyfoods into the diet can be practical and enjoyable . With the shift toward a more plant-based diet , dry beans and soy will be potent tools in the treatment and prevention of chronic disease . The potential role of oestrogenic agents , antioxidants and intestinal glucose-uptake inhibitors in the treatment of diabetes is briefly reviewed . Reports in the literature suggest that oestrogen replacement therapy may favourably modulate glucose homeostasis . A soya phytochemical extract -LRB- SPE -RRB- containing the isoflavone phytoestrogens genistein and daidzein -LRB- mostly in their glycone forms as genistin and daidzin -RRB- was investigated as an antioxidant and modulator of intestinal glucose-transport . In the present study , SPE was found to protect against glucose-induced oxidation of human low density lipoproteins -LRB- LDL -RRB- in vitro . Equol -LRB- a gut bacterial metabolite of daidzein -RRB- was a more effective antioxidant than daidzein or genistein in this system and was of similar antioxidant potency to the dietary flavonols quercetin and kaempferol and to the endogenous antioxidant 17beta-oestradiol . SPE was found to be an inhibitor of glucose uptake into rabbit intestinal brush border membrane vesicles in vitro , though of weaker potency than the classical sodium dependent glucose transporter -LRB- SGLT -RRB- inhibitor , phlorizin . Thus SPE displays a range of properties which may be of benefit in diabetes , namely as an oestrogenic agent , an inhibitor of intestinal glucose-uptake and a preventive agent for glucose-induced lipid peroxidation . Genistein is an isoflavone that is known to be contained in soybean . It was proved that genistein plays a pivotal role in homeostasis in the human body . In the course of screening for useful alpha-glucosidase inhibitors , we isolated and identified genistein as a candidate for alpha-glucosidase inhibitor from fermentation broths of a Streptomyces sp. . Genistein was shown to be a reversible , slow-binding , non-competitive inhibitor of yeast alpha-glucosidase with a K -LRB- i -RRB- value of 5.7 x10 -LRB- -8 -RRB- M when the enzyme mixture was pretreated with genistein . These results show a possibility that genistein could be a useful tool for metabolic disorders . In order to determine if tyrosine kinase activation is involved in the changes in islet function , the effect of tyrosine kinase inhibitors on insulin secretion and islet cell proliferation was examined in cultured islets of Langerhans . When islets were exposed to 100 microM genistein or 2 microM herbimycin A , large 5 - to 10-fold increases in insulin secretion were observed . The effect on insulin secretion was detected within 1 hr and was maintained for at least 4 days . The glucose sensitivity of islets exposed to genistein was dramatically increased as demonstrated by a shift of the glucose-dose response curve to lower glucose concentrations . In contrast , islet cell proliferation was dramatically reduced in the presence of these tyrosine kinase inhibitors in the absence or presence of PRL . These very large changes observed in islets suggest that tyrosine kinases may have important roles in the regulation of beta-cell function . Estrogen replacement therapy -LRB- ERT -RRB- decreases the progression of coronary artery atherosclerosis in monkeys . Dietary soy protein also retards the progression of atherosclerosis relative to animal proteins such as casein . Soy protein contains weakly estrogenic compounds called isoflavones or phytoestrogens that may be responsible for the cardioprotective effects . This study was designed as a 2 x 2 factorial to determine the magnitude of soy protein 's effects on cardiovascular risk factors relative to casein and lactalbumin , with or without estradiol treatment . Ovariectomized female monkeys were randomized to four treatment groups based on past dietary cholesterol consumption , their origin , and past reproductive history , and studied for 7 months . The animals were divided into -LRB- 1 -RRB- a group fed casein and lactalbumin as the protein source -LRB- n = 14 -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- a group fed casein and lactalbumin as the protein source plus 17 beta-estradiol -LRB- E2 -RRB- -LRB- n = 13 -RRB- , -LRB- 3 -RRB- a group fed soybean protein isolate as the protein source -LRB- n = 11 -RRB- , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- a group fed soybean protein isolate as the protein source plus E2 -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- . Soy protein compared with casein consumption resulted in a significant improvement in plasma lipid and lipoprotein concentrations , a significant improvement in insulin sensitivity and glucose effectiveness as determined by minimal-model analyses , and a decrease in arterial lipid peroxidation . E2-treated monkeys had a significant reduction in fasting insulin levels and insulin to glucose ratios , total body weight , and amounts of abdominal fat , and had smaller low-density lipoprotein -LRB- LDL -RRB- particles . In addition , E2 treatment resulted in a significant reduction -LRB- P = .001 -RRB- in aortic cholesteryl ester content . A similar trend -LRB- P = .14 -RRB- was found for soy
Relatives often lack important information about intensive care unit patients . High-quality information is crucial to help relatives overcome the often considerable situational stress and to acquire the ability to participate in the decision-making process , most notably regarding the appropriate level of care . We aimed to develop a list of questions important for relatives of patients in the intensive care unit . This was a multicenter study . Questions asked by relatives of intensive care unit patients were collected from five different sources -LRB- literature , panel of 28 intensive care unit nurses and physicians , 1-wk survey of nurses and 1-wk survey of physicians in 14 intensive care units , and in-depth interviews with 14 families -RRB- . After a qualitative analysis -LRB- framework approach and thematic analysis -RRB- , questions were rated by 22 relatives and 14 intensive care unit physicians , and the ratings were analyzed using principal component analysis and hierarchical clustering . The five sources produced 2,135 questions . Removal of duplicates and redundancies left 443 questions , which were distributed among nine predefined domains using a framework approach -LRB- `` diagnosis , '' `` treatment , '' `` prognosis , '' `` comfort , '' `` interaction , '' `` communication , '' `` family , '' `` end of life , '' and `` postintensive care unit management '' -RRB- . Thematic analysis in each domain led to the identification of 46 themes , which were reworded as 46 different questions . Ratings by relatives and physicians showed that 21 of these questions were particularly important for relatives of intensive care unit patients . This study increases knowledge about the informational needs of relatives of intensive care unit patients . This list of questions may prove valuable for both relatives and intensive care unit physicians as a tool for improving communication in the intensive care unit . There is a need for close communication with relatives of patients dying in the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- . We evaluated a format that included a proactive end-of-life conference and a brochure to see whether it could lessen the effects of bereavement . Family members of 126 patients dying in 22 ICUs in France were randomly assigned to the intervention format or to the customary end-of-life conference . Participants were interviewed by telephone 90 days after the death with the use of the Impact of Event Scale -LRB- IES ; scores range from 0 , indicating no symptoms , to 75 , indicating severe symptoms related to post-traumatic stress disorder -LSB- PTSD -RSB- -RRB- and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale -LRB- HADS ; subscale scores range from 0 , indicating no distress , to 21 , indicating maximum distress -RRB- . Participants in the intervention group had longer conferences than those in the control group -LRB- median , 30 minutes -LSB- interquartile range , 19 to 45 -RSB- vs. 20 minutes -LSB- interquartile range , 15 to 30 -RSB- ; P < 0.001 -RRB- and spent more of the time talking -LRB- median , 14 minutes -LSB- interquartile range , 8 to 20 -RSB- vs. 5 minutes -LSB- interquartile range , 5 to 10 -RSB- -RRB- . On day 90 , the 56 participants in the intervention group who responded to the telephone interview had a significantly lower median IES score than the 52 participants in the control group -LRB- 27 vs. 39 , P = 0.02 -RRB- and a lower prevalence of PTSD-related symptoms -LRB- 45 % vs. 69 % , P = 0.01 -RRB- .
Smoking prevalence and daily cigarette consumption are significantly higher among individuals with mental health problems . Studies performed in the general population report greater levels of functional disability , more psychiatric symptoms , and poorer quality of life in heavy smokers . Less is known about the burden of tobacco in individuals seeking mental health care . A total of 503 treatment-seeking university students were evaluated with a standardized and validated computer assessment tool -LRB- PsyberCare-MH , Polaris Health Directions -RRB- that assessed subjective well-being ; severity of psychiatric symptoms ; and vocational , social , and personal functioning . These patients also were categorized as nonsmokers/occasional smokers -LRB- n = 384 -RRB- , light smokers -LRB- at least weekly use ; n = 68 -RRB- , and heavy smokers -LRB- daily smoking > 10 cigarette/day ; n = 51 -RRB- . Smoking status should be assessed in all individuals seeking mental health treatment and appropriate cessation assistance should be provided . Evidence suggests that nicotine-dependent smokers are at increased risk for psychiatric comorbidity but general population data that included the number of nicotine dependence and withdrawal symptoms according to DSM-IV , the Fagerstrom Test for Nicotine Dependence -LRB- FTND -RRB- , somatoform disorders and the number of psychiatric diagnoses are rare . The goal of the present study was to analyse relationships of smoking and nicotine dependence with psychiatric disease and whether psychiatric disease predicts the sustaining of smoking after three years . Cohort study with a random adult population sample in a northern German region -LRB- N = 4075 -RRB- including a baseline measurement of ever daily smokers aged 18-64 -LRB- n = 2458 -RRB- , a first follow-up of the current smokers at baseline -LRB- n = 1552 -RRB- after 30 months and a second follow-up after 36 months . Measures included DSM-IV diagnoses by the Composite International Diagnostic Interview , FTND , smoking cessation by interview . Current daily smokers showed higher odds of a substance use disorder other than nicotine dependence compared with never smokers -LRB- odds ratio , OR , 4.6 ; confidence interval , CI , 2.9-7.2 -RRB- , affective -LRB- OR 1.8 ; CI 1.4-2.5 -RRB- , anxiety -LRB- OR 1.6 ; CI 1.2-2.0 -RRB- or somatoform disorder -LRB- OR 1.4 ; CI 1.0-1.8 -RRB- . DSM-IV nicotine dependence and the FTND were positively related with the number of psychiatric diagnoses . Psychiatric comorbidity did not predict the maintenance of smoking or quitting . Findings of increased rates of mental disorders among smokers and nicotine-dependent smokers in the adult general population are supported by this study . The number of nicotine dependence and withdrawal symptoms are related to mental disorders . In addition , somatoform disorders show relationships with smoking similar to relationships with depressive or anxiety disorders . The intention to stop smoking should be proactively supported among these comorbid patients . This meta-analysis examined outcomes of smoking cessation interventions evaluated in 19 randomized controlled trials with individuals in current addictions treatment or recovery . Smoking and substance use outcomes at posttreatment and long-term follow-up -LRB- > or = 6 months -RRB- were summarized with random effects models . Intervention effects for smoking cessation were significant at posttreatment and comparable for participants in addictions treatment and recovery ; however , intervention effects for smoking cessation were nonsignificant at long-term follow-up . Smoking cessation interventions provided during addictions treatment were associated with a 25 % increased likelihood of long-term abstinence from alcohol and illicit drugs . Short-term smoking cessation effects look promising , but innovative strategies are needed for long-term cessation . Contrary to previous concerns , smoking cessation interventions during addictions treatment appeared to enhance rather than compromise long-term sobriety . The prevalence of smoking and the associated health risk are especially high in psychiatric patients . Smoking prevention has , however , been neglected until now in psychiatry . Nicotine withdrawal may be associated with some difficulties in psychiatric patients . Existing programs for the prevention and treatment of tobacco dependence do not take into account these special problems . In the last decade , the importance of nicotine in maintaining smoking and in cessation difficulty has been acknowledged . Consequently , this has led to efforts to measure nicotine dependence . This paper focuses on a widely used , paper-and-pencil test of nicotine dependence -- the Fagerstrom Tolerance Questionnaire -LRB- FTQ -RRB- . The findings indicate that the FTQ correlates with other proposed measures of nicotine dependence -LRB- carbon monoxide , nicotine , and cotinine levels -RRB- . The connection between FTQ scores and withdrawal symptoms is weak . In clinic outcome trials , the FTQ predicted success where no pharmacologic treatment was involved , while nicotine replacement appeared to mask the relation between FTQ scores and outcome . However , the FTQ may predict outcome with nicotine replacement as a function of dose . In placebo-controlled , nicotine replacement trials , FTQ scores were related to success by treatment . Problems with the FTQ are described with focus on item difficulties and analyses of the scale . The electronic health record -LRB- EHR -RRB- may be an effective tool to help clinicians address tobacco use more consistently . To evaluate the impact of EHR-generated practice feedback on rates of referral to a state-level tobacco quitline , we conducted a cluster randomized clinical trial -LRB- feedback versus no feedback -RRB- within 19 primary care clinics in Oregon . Intervention clinics received provider-specific monthly feedback reports generated from EHR data . The reports rated provider performance in asking , advising , assessing , and assisting with tobacco cessation compared with a clinic average and an achievable benchmark of care . A higher case-mix index and presence of a clinic champion were associated with higher rates of referral to a state-level quitline . EHR-generated provider feedback improved documentation of assistance with tobacco cessation . Connecting physician offices to a state-level quitline was feasible and well accepted . The World Health Organization
To evaluate the influence of family history of alcoholism -LRB- FHA -RRB- on the response of saccadic eye movements to alcohol . Saccadic performance was evaluated in 54 healthy adult subjects with a FHA -LRB- family history-positive -RRB- and 49 controls -LRB- family history-negative -RRB- . Alcohol and placebo sessions were presented in counterbalanced order . Alcohol was administered intravenously to achieve and maintain a target breath alcohol concentration of 60 mg/100 ml -LRB- 60 % -RRB- for 160 min in each subject . During each session , saccadic eye movement testing was performed at baseline -LRB- before infusion of alcohol -RRB- and twice during the steady-state target breath alcohol concentration . The saccadic testing elicited visually guided saccades -LRB- VGS -RRB- and antisaccades -LRB- AS -RRB- . Saccadic latency and velocity and the percentage of AS errors were quantified and analyzed using multivariate analysis of variance . The family history-positive and family history-negative groups showed an overall difference at baseline in AS and VGS latencies and velocities in the alcohol and placebo sessions -LRB- p = 0.006 -RRB- . Alcohol delayed saccades such that AS and VGS latencies increased -LRB- p = 0.0001 -RRB- and slowed the execution of saccades such that peak velocities decreased -LRB- p = 0.0002 -RRB- . Differences in operational characteristics of the saccadic control system are associated with FHA in adult social drinkers , both at baseline and when the brain is exposed to ethanol at 60 mg/100 ml . Microdialysis experiments in rodents indicate that ethanol promotes dopamine release predominantly in the nucleus accumbens , a phenomenon that is implicated in the reinforcing effects of drugs of abuse . The aim of the present study was to test the hypothesis in humans that an oral dose of ethanol would lead to dopamine release in the ventral striatum , including the nucleus accumbens . Six healthy subjects underwent two -LSB- -LRB- 11 -RRB- C -RSB- raclopride PET scans following either alcohol -LRB- 1 ml/kg -RRB- in orange juice or orange juice alone . Subjective mood changes , heart rate , and blood-alcohol levels were monitored throughout the procedure . Personality traits were evaluated using the tridimensional personality questionnaire . PET images were co-registered with MRI and transformed into stereotaxic space . Statistical parametric maps of -LSB- -LRB- 11 -RRB- C -RSB- raclopride binding potential change were generated . There was a significant reduction in -LSB- -LRB- 11 -RRB- C -RSB- raclopride binding potential bilaterally in the ventral striatum/nucleus accumbens in the alcohol condition compared to the orange juice condition , indicative of increased extracellular dopamine . Moreover , the magnitude of the change in -LSB- -LRB- 11 -RRB- C -RSB- raclopride binding correlated with the alcohol-induced increase in heart rate , which is thought to be a marker of the psychostimulant effects of the drug , and with the personality dimension of impulsiveness . The present study is the first report that , in humans , alcohol promotes dopamine release in the brain , with a preferential effect in the ventral striatum . These findings support the hypothesis that mesolimbic dopamine activation is a common property of abused substances , possibly mediating their reinforcing effects . We investigated brain circuitry mediating cocaine-induced euphoria and craving using functional MRI -LRB- fMRI -RRB- . During double-blind cocaine -LRB- 0.6 mg/kg -RRB- and saline infusions in cocaine-dependent subjects , the entire brain was imaged for 5 min before and 13 min after infusion while subjects rated scales for rush , high , low , and craving . Cocaine induced focal signal increases in nucleus accumbens/subcallosal cortex -LRB- NAc/SCC -RRB- , caudate , putamen , basal forebrain , thalamus , insula , hippocampus , parahippocampal gyrus , cingulate , lateral prefrontal and temporal cortices , parietal cortex , striate/extrastriate cortices , ventral tegmentum , and pons and produced signal decreases in amygdala , temporal pole , and medial frontal cortex . Saline produced few positive or negative activations , which were localized to lateral prefrontal cortex and temporo-occipital cortex . Subjects who underwent repeat studies showed good replication of the regional fMRI activation pattern following cocaine and saline infusions , with activations on saline retest that might reflect expectancy . Brain regions that exhibited early and short duration signal maxima showed a higher correlation with rush ratings . These included the ventral tegmentum , pons , basal forebrain , caudate , cingulate , and most regions of lateral prefrontal cortex . In contrast , regions that demonstrated early but sustained signal maxima were more correlated with craving than with rush ratings ; such regions included the NAc/SCC , right parahippocampal gyrus , and some regions of lateral prefrontal cortex . Sustained negative signal change was noted in the amygdala , which correlated with craving ratings . Our data demonstrate the ability of fMRI to map dynamic patterns of brain activation following cocaine infusion in cocaine-dependent subjects and provide evidence of dynamically changing brain networks associated with cocaine-induced euphoria and cocaine-induced craving .
Coronary computed tomographic angiography -LRB- CCTA -RRB- of 64-detector rows or greater represents a novel noninvasive anatomic method for evaluation of patients with suspected coronary artery disease -LRB- CAD -RRB- . Early studies suggest a potential for prognostic risk assessment by CCTA findings but were limited by small patient cohorts or single centers . The CONFIRM -LRB- COronary CT Angiography EvaluatioN For Clinical Outcomes : An InteRnational Multicenter -RRB- registry is a large , prospective , multinational dynamic observational study of patients undergoing CCTA . The primary aim of CONFIRM is to determine the prognostic value of CCTA findings for the prediction of future adverse CAD events . The CONFIRM registry currently represents 27,125 consecutive patients at 12 cluster sites in 6 countries in North America , Europe , and Asia . CONFIRM sites were chosen on the basis of adequate CCTA volume , site CCTA proficiency , and local demographic characteristics and medical facilities to ensure a broad-based sample of patients . Patients comprising the present CONFIRM cohort include those with suspected but without known CAD , with known CAD , or asymptomatic persons undergoing CAD evaluation . A data dictionary comprising a wide array of demographic , clinical , and CCTA findings was developed by the CONFIRM investigators and is uniformly used for all patients . Patients are followed up after CCTA performance to identify adverse CAD events , including death , myocardial infarction , unstable angina , target vessel revascularization , and CAD-related hospitalization . From a number of countries worldwide , the information collected from the CONFIRM registry will add incremental and important insights into CCTA findings that confer prognostic value beyond demographic and clinical characteristics . The results of the CONFIRM registry will provide valuable information about the optimal methods for using CCTA findings . Our objective was to assess the prognostic value of symptom typicality in patients without obstructive coronary artery disease -LRB- CAD -RRB- , determined by coronary computed tomographic angiography -LRB- CCTA -RRB- . We identified 4215 patients without prior history of CAD and without obstructive CAD -LRB- < 50 % CCTA stenosis -RRB- . CAD severity was categorized as nonobstructive -LRB- 1 % -49 % -RRB- and none -LRB- 0 % -RRB- . Based upon the Diamond-Forrester criteria for angina pectoris , symptom typicality was classified as asymptomatic , nonanginal , atypical , and typical . Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to assess the risk of major adverse cardiac events -LRB- MACE -RRB- , comprising all-cause mortality , myocardial infarction , unstable angina , and late revascularization , according to symptom typicality . Mean patient age was 57.0 ± 12.0 years -LRB- 54.9 % male -RRB- . During a median follow-up of 5.3 years -LRB- interquartile range , 4.6-5.9 years -RRB- , MACE were reported in 312 -LRB- 7.4 % -RRB- patients . Among patients with nonobstructive CAD , there was an association between symptom typicality and MACE -LRB- P for interaction = 0.05 -RRB- , driven by increased risk of MACE among those with typical angina and nonobstructive CAD -LRB- hazard ratio : 1.62 , 95 % confidence interval : 1.06-2.48 , P = 0.03 -RRB- . No consistent relationship was found between symptom typicality and MACE among patients without any CAD -LRB- hazard ratio : 0.73 , 95 % confidence interval : 0.34-1.57 , P = 0.08 -RRB- . In the CONFIRM registry , patients who presented with concomitant typical angina and nonobstructive CAD had a higher rate of MACE than did asymptomatic patients with nonobstructive CAD . However , the presence of typical angina did not appear to portend worse prognosis in patients with no CAD . The extent to which the presence and extent of subclinical atherosclerosis by coronary computed tomography angiography influences a potential mortality benefit of statin is unknown . We evaluated the relationship between statin therapy , mortality , and subclinical atherosclerosis . In the CONFIRM study , patients with normal or non-obstructive plaque -LRB- < 50 % diameter stenosis -RRB- for whom data on baseline statin use was available were included . Coronary artery calcium -LRB- CAC -RRB- was quantified using the Agatston score . The extent of non-obstructive coronary atherosclerosis was quantified using the segment involvement score -LRB- SIS -RRB- . 8,016 patients were followed for a median of 2.5 years with analysis of all-cause mortality and major adverse cardiac events -LRB- MACE -RRB- including all-cause mortality , myocardial infarction , unstable angina , target vessel revascularization , and coronary artery disease-related hospitalization . 1.2 % of patients experienced all-cause mortality . Patients not on baseline statin therapy had a stepwise increased risk of all-cause mortality by CAC -LRB- relative to CAC = 0 ; CAC 1-99 : hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- 1.65 , CAC 100-299 : HR 2.19 , and CAC ≥ 300 : HR 2.98 -RRB- or SIS -LRB- relative to SIS = 0 ; SIS 1 : HR 1.62 , SIS 2-3 : 2.48 and SIS ≥ 4 : 2.95 -RRB- . Conversely , in patients on baseline statin therapy , there was no significant increase in mortality risk with increasing CAC -LRB- p value for interaction = 0.049 -RRB- or SIS -LRB- p value for interaction = 0.007 -RRB- . The incidence of MACE was 2.1 % . Similar to the all-cause mortality , the risk of MACE was increased with CAC or SIS strata in patient not on baseline statin therapy . However , this relation was not observed in patient on baseline statin therapy . In individuals with non-obstructive coronary artery disease , increased risk of adverse events occurs with increasing CAC or SIS who are not on baseline statin therapy . Statin therapy is associated with a mitigation of risk of cardiac events in the presence of increasing atherosclerosis , with no particular threshold of disease burden . Symptom-based pretest probability scores that estimate the likelihood of obstructive coronary artery disease -LRB- CAD -RRB- in stable chest pain have moderate accuracy .
This systematic review critically evaluates the literature on SBT in PD . First , different SBT paradigms and methodological approaches were evaluated . Second , the review explored how people with PD adapt their gait to different SBT conditions compared to healthy controls -LRB- HC -RRB- . We conducted a systematic search of the PubMED , PsychINFO , and Web of Knowledge databases . From the 925 studies originally identified , seven met the inclusion criteria and were selected for evaluation -LRB- n = 118 individuals with PD of whom 44 had freezing of gait -LRB- FOG -RRB- -RRB- . Gait variability and bilateral coordination were found to adapt to the SBT condition similarly in people with PD and healthy controls -LRB- HC -RRB- . Inconsistent results were found with respect to the adaptation of gait asymmetry , for the differences between PD and HC participants . The subgroup of people with PD and FOG showed reduced accuracy in detecting belt speed differences and slower adaptation to SBT conditions . Individuals with mild to moderately severe PD adapted similarly to HCs to SBT walking for gait variability and bilateral gait coordination . However , those with FOG had impaired perception of belt speed differences and did not adapt their gait so readily . Although SBT can be useful for modulating gait asymmetry in some people with PD , it was not beneficial for all .
Information technology offers the promise , as yet unfulfilled , of delivering efficient , evidence-based health care . To evaluate whether a primary care network-based informatics intervention can improve breast cancer screening rates . Cluster-randomized controlled trial of 12 primary care practices conducted from March 20 , 2007 to March 19 , 2008 . Women 42-69 years old with no record of a mammogram in the prior 2 years . In intervention practices , a population-based informatics system was implemented that : connected overdue patients to appropriate care providers , presented providers with a Web-based list of their overdue patients in a non-visit-based setting , and enabled `` one-click '' mammography ordering or documented deferral reasons . Patients selected for mammography received automatically generated letters and follow-up phone calls . All practices had electronic health record reminders about breast cancer screening available during clinical encounters . The primary outcome was the proportion of overdue women undergoing mammography at 1-year follow-up . Baseline mammography rates in intervention and control practices did not differ -LRB- 79.5 % vs 79.3 % , p = 0.73 -RRB- . Among 3,054 women in intervention practices and 3,676 women in control practices overdue for mammograms , intervention patients were somewhat younger , more likely to be non-Hispanic white , and have health insurance . Most intervention providers used the system -LRB- 65 of 70 providers , 92.9 % -RRB- . Action was taken for 2,652 -LRB- 86.8 % -RRB- intervention patients -LSB- 2,274 -LRB- 74.5 % -RRB- contacted and 378 -LRB- 12.4 % -RRB- deferred -RSB- . Intervention patients completed screening sooner than control patients -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . A novel population-based informatics system functioning as part of a non-visit-based care model increased mammography screening rates in intervention practices . ClinicalTrials.gov ; NCT00462891 .
The added value of a preoperative electrocardiogram -LRB- ECG -RRB- in the prediction of postoperative myocardial infarction -LRB- POMI -RRB- and death was compared with clinical risk factors identified from the patient 's history . An ECG is frequently performed before surgery to screen for asymptomatic coronary artery disease . However , the value of ECG abnormalities to predict POMI has been questioned . All data were obtained from electronic record-keeping systems . Patient history and ECG abnormalities were considered as potential predictors . Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to obtain the independent predictors of POMI and all-cause in-hospital mortality . A preoperative ECG was available in 2422 patients -LRB- 80 % -RRB- and 1087 -LRB- 45 % -RRB- of the ECGs showed at least one abnormality . The ROC area of the model that included the independent predictors of POMI obtained from patient history , ie , ischemic heart disease and high-risk surgery , was 0.80 . ECG abnormalities that were associated with POMI were a right and a left bundle branch block . After adding these abnormalities in the regression model , the ROC area remained 0.80 . Similar results were found for all-cause mortality .
Intravenous -LRB- IV -RRB- tissue plasminogen activator -LRB- tPA -RRB- is the only Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- - approved treatment for acute ischemic stroke . Post tPA patients are typically monitored in an intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- for at least 24 hours . However , rigorous evidence to support this practice is lacking . This study evaluates factors that predict ICU needs after IV thrombolysis . A retrospective chart review was performed for 153 patients who received intravenous tPA for acute ischemic stroke . Data on stroke risk factors , physiologic parameters on presentation , and stroke severity were collected . Using multivariable logistic regression , we determined factors associated with requiring ICU care . Patients with an NIHSS ≥ 10 had a 7.7 times higher risk of requiring ICU resources compared to patients who presented with an NIHSS < 10 -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . Most patients with ICU needs developed them prior to the end of tPA infusion -LRB- 81.0 % , 95 % CI 68.8-93.1 -RRB- . Only 7 % of patients without ICU needs by the end of the tPA infusion went on to require ICU care later on . These patients were more likely to have diabetes mellitus and had significantly higher NIHSS compared to patients without further ICU needs -LRB- mean NIHSS 17.3 , 95 % CI 11.5-22.9 vs. 9.2 , 95 % CI 7.7-9.6 -RRB- . Race , NIHSS , and systolic blood pressure predict ICU needs following tPA for acute ischemic stroke .
The etiology of ischemic stroke affects prognosis , outcome , and management . Trials of therapies for patients with acute stroke should include measurements of responses as influenced by subtype of ischemic stroke . A system for categorization of subtypes of ischemic stroke mainly based on etiology has been developed for the Trial of Org 10172 in Acute Stroke Treatment -LRB- TOAST -RRB- . A classification of subtypes was prepared using clinical features and the results of ancillary diagnostic studies . `` Possible '' and `` probable '' diagnoses can be made based on the physician 's certainty of diagnosis . The usefulness and interrater agreement of the classification were tested by two neurologists who had not participated in the writing of the criteria . The neurologists independently used the TOAST classification system in their bedside evaluation of 20 patients , first based only on clinical features and then after reviewing the results of diagnostic tests . The TOAST classification denotes five subtypes of ischemic stroke : 1 -RRB- large-artery atherosclerosis , 2 -RRB- cardioembolism , 3 -RRB- small-vessel occlusion , 4 -RRB- stroke of other determined etiology , and 5 -RRB- stroke of undetermined etiology . Using this rating system , interphysician agreement was very high . The two physicians disagreed in only one patient . The TOAST stroke subtype classification system is easy to use and has good interobserver agreement . This system should allow investigators to report responses to treatment among important subgroups of patients with ischemic stroke . Clinical trials testing treatments for acute ischemic stroke should include similar methods to diagnose subtypes of stroke . Antigen-driven tolerance is an effective method of suppressing cell-mediated immune responses . We have previously demonstrated that exposure of gut-associated lymphoid tissue to myelin basic protein -LRB- MBP -RRB- via oral administration suppresses experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis -LRB- EAE -RRB- . To further study presentation of antigen to the immune system by mucosal surfaces as a method of antigen-driven tolerance , the effect of inhalation of MBP was investigated . MBP was given as an aerosol to Lewis rats on Days -10 , -7 , -5 , and -3 prior to immunization with MBP in Freund 's adjuvant and on Days 0 , 2 , and 4 following immunization . Aerosolization of MBP completely abrogated clinical EAE in 100 % of treated rats . Central nervous system inflammation and delayed-type hypersensitivity and antibody responses to MBP were also significantly reduced in aerosol-treated animals . Aerosolization of histone , a basic protein of similar weight and charge as MBP , had no effect . Disease was also suppressed with one aerosol treatment on Day -3 or by administering MBP nasally . Aerosolization was more effective than oral administration of MBP over a wide dose range -LRB- 0.005-5 mg -RRB- . Splenic T cells isolated from animals postaerosolization adoptively transferred protection to naive animals immunized with MBP . Aerosolization of MBP to animals with relapsing EAE after recovery from the first attack decreased the severity of a subsequent attack . Aerosol and oral MBP were equally effective at suppressing the in vitro immune response as measured by proliferation and interferon-gamma production . Thus , aerosolization of an autoantigen is a potent method to downregulate an experimental T cell-mediated autoimmune disease and suggests that exposure of antigen to lung mucosal surfaces preferentially generates immunologic tolerance . Frequencies of vaccine-responsive T-lymphocyte precursors in peripheral blood mononuclear cells -LRB- PBMC -RRB- prior to and after administration of peptide-based vaccines in patients with cancer can be measured by limiting-dilution assays -LRB- LDA -RRB- or by ELISPOT assays . We have used a modified version of the ELISPOT assay to monitor changes in the frequency of gamma interferon -LRB- IFN-gamma -RRB- - producing T cells in a population of lymphocytes responding to a relevant peptide or a nonspecific stimulator , such as phorbol myristate acetate-ionomycin . Prior to its use for monitoring of patient samples , the assay was validated and found to be comparable to the LDA performed in parallel , using tumor-reactive cytolytic T-lymphocyte -LRB- CTL -RRB- lines . The sensitivity of the ELISPOT assay was found to be 1/100 ,000 cells , with an interassay coefficient of variation of 15 % , indicating that it could be reliably used for monitoring of changes in the frequency of IFN-gamma-secreting responder cells in noncultured or cultured lymphocyte populations . To establish that the assay is able to detect the T-cell precursor cells responsive to the vaccine , we used CD8 -LRB- + -RRB- T-cell populations positively selected from PBMC of HLA-A2 -LRB- + -RRB- patients with metastatic melanoma , who were treated with dendritic cell-based vaccines containing gp100 , MELAN-A/MART -1 , tyrosinase , and influenza virus matrix peptides . The frequency of peptide-specific responder T cells ranged from 0 to 1/2 ,600 before vaccination and increased by at least 1 log unit after vaccination in two patients , one of whom had a clinical response to the vaccine . However , no increases in the frequency of peptide-responsive T cells were observed in noncultured PBMC or PBMC cultured in the presence of the relevant peptides after the melanoma patients enrolled in another trial were treated with the intramuscular peptide vaccine plus MF59 adjuvant . Thus , while the ELISPOT assay was found to be readily applicable to assessments of frequencies of CTL precursors of established CTL lines and ex vivo-amplified PBMC , its usefulness for monitoring of fresh PBMC in patients with cancer was limited . In many of these patients antitumor effector T cells are present at frequencies of lower than 1/100 ,000 in the peripheral circulation . Serial monitoring of such patients may require prior ex vivo amplification of specific precursor cells .
This phase III randomized trial evaluated survival as well as neurologic and neurocognitive function in patients with brain metastases from solid tumors receiving whole-brain radiation therapy -LRB- WBRT -RRB- with or without motexafin gadolinium -LRB- MGd -RRB- . Patients were randomly assigned to 30 Gy of WBRT + / - 5 mg/kg/d MGd . Survival and time to neurologic progression determined by a blinded events review committee -LRB- ERC -RRB- were coprimary end points . Standardized investigator neurologic assessment and neurocognitive testing were evaluated . Four hundred one -LRB- 251 non-small-cell lung cancer -RRB- patients were enrolled . There was no significant difference by treatment arm in survival -LRB- median , 5.2 months for MGd v 4.9 months for WBRT ; P = .48 -RRB- or time to neurologic progression -LRB- median , 9.5 months for MGd v 8.3 months for WBRT ; P = .95 -RRB- . Treatment with MGd improved time to neurologic progression in patients with lung cancer -LRB- median , not reached for MGd v 7.4 months for WBRT ; P = .048 , unadjusted -RRB- . By investigator , MGd improved time to neurologic progression in all patients -LRB- median , 4.3 months for MGd v 3.8 months for WBRT ; P = .018 -RRB- and in lung cancer patients -LRB- median , 5.5 months for MGd v 3.7 months for WBRT ; P = .025 -RRB- . MGd improved neurocognitive function in lung cancer patients . The overall results did not demonstrate significant differences by treatment arm for survival and ERC time to neurologic progression . In lung cancer patients , ERC - and investigator-determined time to neurologic progression demonstrated an MGd treatment benefit . MGd may improve time to neurologic and neurocognitive progression in lung cancer . Redox regulation has been shown to be an important component of malignant cell survival and is a system that may be pharmacologically manipulated for the treatment of cancer . Motexafin gadolinium is a member of a class of rationally designed porphyrin-like molecules called texaphyrins . The rationale for its use in cancer therapy is that , like naturally occurring porphyrins , it tends to concentrate selectively in cancer cells and it has a novel mechanism of action as it induces redox stress , triggering apoptosis in a broad range of cancers . In vitro studies have shown that motexafin gadolinium is synergistic with radiation and varied chemotherapeutic agents . A phase III international study has shown that the onset of neurologic progression is significantly delayed in patients with brain metastases from lung cancer treated with whole-brain radiation and motexafin gadolinium -LRB- compared with radiation alone -RRB- . Recent preclinical data have shown that motexafin gadolinium alone is cytotoxic to cancers such as multiple myeloma , non-Hodgkin lymphoma , and chronic lymphocytic leukemia through redox and apoptotic pathways . Multiple clinical trials examining motexafin gadolinium as a single agent and in combination with radiation and/or chemotherapy for the treatment of solid and hematopoietic tumors are underway . Thioredoxin reductase -LRB- TRX -RRB- is a selenoprotein that reduces oxidized protein substrates in an NADPH-dependent process -LRB- cf. Fig. 1 -RRB- . The thioredoxins -LRB- TX -RRB- are a family of small redox active proteins that undergo reversible oxidation/reduction and help to maintain the redox state of cells . TX serves as a cofactor in many TRX-catalyzed reductions in a manner similar to glutathione -LRB- GSH -RRB- in thioltransferase reactions . For example , TX is a cofactor in protein disulfide reduction and DNA synthesis , but independently , it inhibits apoptosis , stimulates cell proliferation and angiogenesis , and increases transcription factor activity . The role of the TRX/TX system is limited by its reducing capacity as well as the additional supply of electrons in the form of NADPH provided by hexose monophosphate shunt -LRB- HMPS -RRB- . TX is limited by the reduction capacity of its vicinal sulfhydryls and needs a source of electrons from the HMPS and TRX - coupled system to reduce disulfides . Oxidized TX is reduced by TRX and NADPH . Several lines of evidence suggest that the coupled HMPS/TRX/TX system represents an important target for cancer therapy . TX overexpression has been reported in several malignancies and may be associated with aggressive tumor growth and poor survival . In some cells , TX is an important factor in conferring resistance to chemotherapy and in stimulating production of hypoxia-inducible factor -LRB- HIF-1 -RRB- . Several inhibitors of the TRX/TX system have been evaluated in experimental cancer models : these include HMPS inhibitors , carbohydrate analogues , NADP synthesis blockers , vicinal thiol reactants , cisplatin , and TRX inhibitors . More recently , the targeted anti-cancer agent motexafin gadolinium has been identified . Motexafin gadolinium is a redox mediator that selectively localizes to cancer cells , and reacts with reducing metabolites and vicinal thiols to generate reactive oxygen species that ultimately block the TRX enzyme as well as the analogous glutaredoxin activity . In cell and animal models , motexafin gadolinium is directly cytotoxic to various tumor cells and enhances the activity of radiation therapy and chemotherapy . This drug is now in a broad range of clinical trials investigating its therapeutic potential when used as a single agent or in combination with either chemotherapy or radiation therapy . Promising clinical activity has been reported in a clinical trial with motexafin gadolinium and whole brain radiation therapy for treatment of brain metastases from solid tumors . These findings suggest that the TRX/TX system may represent an attractive target for development of new cancer therapeutics .
Adipose tissue-derived stromal/stem cells -LRB- ASCs -RRB- and vitamin D have immunomodulatory actions that could be useful for type 1 diabetes -LRB- T1D -RRB- . We aimed in this study to investigate the safety and efficacy of ASCs + daily cholecalciferol -LRB- VIT D -RRB- for 6 months in patients with recent-onset T1D . In this prospective , dual-center , open trial , patients with recent onset T1D received one dose of allogenic ASC -LRB- 1 × 10 <sup> 6 </sup> cells/kg -RRB- and cholecalciferol 2,000 UI/day for 6 months -LRB- group 1 -RRB- . They were compared to patients who received chol-ecalciferol -LRB- group 2 -RRB- and standard treatment -LRB- group 3 -RRB- . Adverse events were recorded ; C-peptide -LRB- CP -RRB- , insulin dose and HbA1c were measured at baseline -LRB- T0 -RRB- , after 3 -LRB- T3 -RRB- and 6 months -LRB- T6 -RRB- . In group 1 -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- , adverse events included transient headache -LRB- all -RRB- , mild local reactions -LRB- all -RRB- , tachycardia -LRB- n = 4 -RRB- , abdominal cramps -LRB- n = 1 -RRB- , thrombophlebitis -LRB- n = 4 -RRB- , scotomas -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- , and central retinal vein occlusion at T3 -LRB- n = 1 , resolution at T6 -RRB- . Group 1 had an increase in basal CP -LRB- p = 0.018 ; mean : 40.41 + / -40.79 % -RRB- , without changes in stimulated CP after mixed meal -LRB- p = 0.62 -RRB- , from T0 to T6 . At T6 , all patients -LRB- 100 % ; n = 7 -RRB- in group 1 were in honeymoon vs 75 % -LRB- n = 3/4 -RRB- and 50 % -LRB- n = 3/6 -RRB- in groups 2 and 3 , p = 0.01 . Allogenic ASC + VIT D without immunosuppression was safe and might have a role in the preservation of β-cells in patients with recent-onset T1D . ClinicalTrials.gov : NCT03920397 .
Celivarone is a new antiarrhythmic agent developed for the treatment of ventricular arrhythmias . This study investigated the efficacy and safety of celivarone in preventing implantable cardioverter-defibrillator -LRB- ICD -RRB- interventions or death . Celivarone -LRB- 50 , 100 , or 300 mg/d -RRB- was assessed compared with placebo in this randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , parallel-group study . Amiodarone -LRB- 200 mg/d after loading dose of 600 mg/d for 10 days -RRB- was used as a calibrator . Median treatment duration was 9 months . The primary efficacy end point was occurrence of ventricular tachycardia/ventricular fibrillation-triggered ICD interventions -LRB- shocks or antitachycardia pacing -RRB- or sudden death . The proportion of patients experiencing an appropriate ICD intervention or sudden death was 61.5 % in the placebo group ; 67.0 % , 58.8 % , and 54.9 % in the celivarone 50 - , 100 - , and 300-mg groups , respectively ; and 45.3 % in the amiodarone group . None of the comparisons versus placebo were statistically significant . Celivarone had an acceptable safety profile . Celivarone was not effective for the prevention of ICD interventions or sudden death . http://www.clinicaltrials.gov . Unique identifier : NCT00993382 .
We evaluated the success rate and validity of this new method by use of fluoroscopy controls in patients previously diagnosed with lumbar facet joint-mediated pain . In 20 patients , 101 lumbar medial-branch blocks were performed under ultrasound guidance . The target point was the groove at the cephalad margin of the transverse process adjacent to the superior articular process . C-arm fluoroscopy was performed afterward to confirm the needle position . Pain scores were assessed by use of visual analog scale -LRB- VAS 0 to 100 -RRB- . All 101 needles were placed in the correct lumbar segment . Two needles were associated with intravascular spread of the contrast dye . VAS score was reduced from 52 to 16 after the block . Ultrasound-guided lumbar medial-branch blocks can be performed with a high success rate . However , to be completely independent from fluoroscopy controls , this technique requires further studies regarding the detection of intravascular spread .
A simple , manually controlled infusion scheme for continuous administration of propofol was derived by simulation of a computer algorithm designed to achieve a predetermined blood concentration of propofol within 2 minutes and to maintain a constant blood level for the duration of surgery . The manual infusion scheme for a target blood propofol concentration of 3 micrograms/ml , consisted of a loading dose of 1 mg/kg followed immediately by an infusion of 10 mg/kg/hour for 10 minutes , 8 mg/kg/hour for the next 10 minutes and 6 mg/kg/hour thereafter . An overall mean blood propofol concentration of 3.67 micrograms/ml was achieved within 2 minutes and maintained stable for the subsequent 80-90 minutes of surgery . The decrease of systolic and diastolic arterial pressures at induction was much less than that previously described after larger induction doses of propofol and there was a negligible haemodynamic response to laryngoscopy and intubation or to the subsequent surgery . The quality of induction and maintenance of anaesthesia was satisfactory in every patient . The increasing request for procedural sedation will create in the upcoming future the need for a specific training in delivering care to patients in a continuum of sedation , whose effects and adverse events are unpredictable . The main debate in the past years has been focused on using drugs that could have few adverse effects and could be considered well tolerated when administered by a nonanaesthesiologist . Propofol remains the most used drug for procedural sedation , but given its side-effects , its administration is limited and suggested only when an anaesthesiologist is available . The main studies recently appearing in the literature are focusing on the use of alternative drugs such as dexmedetomidine , remifentanil , fospropofol , ketofol and remimazolam . The current study is an overview of the different fields of procedural sedation , describing the evidence from the published studies and some upcoming studies . Propofol is still considered as the drug of choice , and a recent study on its administration in the emergency department by nonanaesthesiologists has revealed a reduced number of adverse events . Dexmedetomidine is considered , at present , the most commonly used alternative to propofol , given its greater safety in terms of haemodynamic stability and lack of respiratory depression . Remifentanil has been suggested as the ` solo ' drug during procedural sedation by target-controlled infusion , but it needs a controlled environment and skilled practitioners . Fosprofol and ketofol are new alternatives , but convincing studies that could support their wider use are absent . Remimazolam is another alternative whose efficacy is still to be determined . Most of the studies in the literature are debating on the training that the ` proceduralist ' should undergo to deliver sedation safely and to manage any kind of adverse effect caused by it . Recent studies on procedural sedation are still debating on the use of propofol by nonanaesthesiologists and are exploring the use of other sedatives and analgesics . The main goal in the future should be to have a clear curriculum on the role of the ` sedationalist ' outside the operating room . Various combinations of propofol and ketofol have been described for the provision of procedural sedation in both adults and children . Utilization of ` ketofol ' for deep sedation during prolonged pediatric orthopedic procedures has not previously been described . During an orthopedic aid trip , a 1:1 mixture of propofol and ketamine -LRB- 200 mg of each drawn up to 22 ml -RRB- was utilized to provide deep sedation or general anesthesia as an adjunct to regional analgesia for lower limb surgery . Details for 18 patients having a total of 19 procedures were recorded with a record of intraoperative and postoperative parameters including initial bolus doses and infusion rates of ketofol required to produce deep sedation . The mean initial bolus dose of ketofol was 0.19 ml · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- -LRB- range 0.1-0.5 ml · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- or 1.7 mg · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- each of propofol and ketamine -LRB- range 0.9-4.5 mg · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- . The mean upper limit of the infusion rate required to maintain deep sedation was 0.19 ml · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- · h -LRB- -1 -RRB- -LRB- range 0.07-0.26 ml · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- · h -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- or 1.7 mg · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- · h -LRB- -1 -RRB- -LRB- range 0.6-2.4 mg · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- · h -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- and the mean lower limit of the infusion rate was 0.08 ml · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- · h -LRB- -1 -RRB- -LRB- range 0.02-0.13 ml · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- · h -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- or 0.7 mg · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- · h -LRB- -1 -RRB- -LRB- range 0.2-1.2 mg · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- · h -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- . The mean initial bolus dose of ketofol was 0.19 ml · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- -LRB- range 0.1-0.5 ml · kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- . Mean time to eye opening after infusion cessation was 5.1 min -LRB- median 2 min ; range 0-17 min -RRB- . Ketofol successfully produced deep sedation for prolonged pediatric orthopedic procedures in conjunction with regional analgesia . Further research to confirm its safety and applicability to a wider range of settings is required .
In an 8 week , randomized , double-blind placebo-controlled trial , subjects -LRB- 12-17 years of age -RRB- meeting Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , 4th ed. , Text Revision -LRB- DSM-IV-TR -RRB- criteria for schizophrenia were randomized 1:1:1 to placebo , asenapine 2.5 mg b.i.d. , or asenapine 5 mg b.i.d. Subjects who completed the 8 week acute study could participate in a 26 week flexible-dose asenapine-only open-label extension -LRB- OLE -RRB- . A similar percentage of subjects completed treatment on day 56 -LRB- 2.5 mg b.i.d. -LRB- n = 98 -RRB- : 83 % ; 5 mg b.i.d. -LSB- n = 106 -RSB- : 79 % ; placebo -LSB- n = 102 -RSB- : 79 % -RRB- . In the acute phase , ≥ 7 % weight gain and the composite event of somnolence , sedation , and hypersomnia were more common in both asenapine groups than in the placebo group . Akathisia , fasting glucose elevation , and extrapyramidal syndrome were more common in the 5 mg b.i.d. group than in the placebo group . There were no unexpected adverse events in the OLE , and PANSS total scores decreased by -16.1 points in the group previously treated with placebo -LRB- n = 62 -RRB- and by -11.2 points in the continuous asenapine group -LRB- n = 131 -RRB- from OLE baseline to week 26 . Although improvements in PANSS total score at day 56 of the acute phase were numerically greater for both asenapine 2.5 and 5 mg b.i.d. than for placebo and were maintained in the OLE , the primary end-point did not achieve statistical significance in the acute phase . No new or unexpected safety concerns were detected during the acute phase or after an additional 26 weeks of asenapine treatment in the adolescent population with schizophrenia . NCT01190254 and NCT1190267 at ClinicalTrials.gov .
Pediatricians are important instigators of behavior change for the promotion of nonsmoking . Smoking is harmful to infants , children , and adolescents , and evidence is reviewed that passive smoking can have potent deleterious effects . Interventions with young adolescents based on social-psychologic theory have shown promise in changing smoking behavior and reducing smoking onset rates . Interventions are described , based on epidemiologic and etiologic data , that are appropriate for infants , children , adolescents , and parents . Interventions for parents should encourage cessation and the creation of a smoke-free environment for children . Interventions for children should emphasize the negative health effects of smoking and help them build an armamentarium against factors that promote experimentation with smoking . Interventions for adolescents should encourage them to remain nonsmokers in an environment of social pressure to smoke . The rationale for these strategies and methods of implementation in the pediatrician 's office are described . Recent reports indicate that women are less successful than men in their attempts to quit smoking . Sex differences in attitudes toward smoking cessation were examined cross-sectionally in a sample of 447 smokers randomly selected from employees of 10 diverse Minnesota worksites and interviewed in early 1984 . No sex differences were found in the percentage of smokers who had tried to quit at least once in the past ; indeed , over four of five respondents reported prior attempts to quit . Yet compared to women , men were more interested in quitting . Women were less likely than men to perceive the health benefits of quitting and expressed more concern about weight gain and job pressures related to quitting . No significant sex differences were found in prior use of formal cessation services , which had been used by about one-fourth of these respondents . Yet compared to men , women appeared to rely on informal sources of support , such as encouragement from co-workers . These findings underline the importance of intervention programs targeting women and suggest strategies that might enhance the effectiveness of such programs oriented toward women . This article discusses the addictiveness of tobacco and the health consequences of chronic tobacco use . Personality , environmental , and behavioral factors that promote the initiation of cigarette smoking by adolescents are identified . Age-specific interventions are suggested . Programs for preventing smoking and alcohol and drug abuse have radically changed in the past decade . Instead of being regarded as a health or discipline problem that involves only a few deviant adolescents , drug use has begun to be viewed as social behavior that is functional for adolescents , not capricious , and is normative for that population . The most successful prevention programs have sought to delay the onset of tobacco use . Based on theoretical and etiological research , these programs target factors that have repeatedly been predictive of adolescent smoking , alcohol and drug use . The programs teach adolescents -LRB- 1 -RRB- why people their age smoke tobacco or use alcohol and drugs ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- how these meanings get established by peers , older role models and advertising ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- how to resist these influences to smoke or to use alcohol and drugs ; and -LRB- 4 -RRB- life skills and competencies to counterbalance the functions that drug use serves . Because of the association with the onset of smoking and the onset of using other drugs , these strategies are being studied for alcohol use and other drugs . In addition , elected peer leaders are trained to conduct these activities with their classmates and act as new role models for non-use . Evaluations of these approaches are optimistic . Studies in northern California and Minnesota reveal 50-70 % reductions in the onset of smoking . Botvin 's ` Life Skills Training ' program demonstrates success in delaying heavy alcohol and marijuana use . Successful implementation of large scale health intervention programs aimed at heart disease or cancer prevention require prior analysis and understanding of community structure , organization and influence networks . Systematic sociological analysis facilitates the health program entry process . Survey results are used to build acceptance , participation and to design educational programs . Specific methods used to assess the community 's social configuration , organizational resources , and leadership patterns are described . Local leader identification process and participation in community advisory boards is presented . Approaches to the study of community are reviewed in the context of the Minnesota Heart Health Project , a ten year research and demonstration program to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease in three U.S.A. cities . To determine the potential effect of screening on referral patterns , an adult population sample -LRB- 4,404 men , 5,164 women , 20-69 years of age -RRB- was systematically recruited and screened for hypercholesterolemia and then analyzed by different cholesterol referral recommendations . Using levels suggested by the Lipid Research Clinics Coronary Primary Prevention Trial -LRB- greater than or equal to 265 mg/dL -RRB- , 7.3 % of men and 5.8 % of women would be referred for follow-up . With the suggested recommendations of the National Cholesterol Education Program -LRB- NCEP -RRB- , -LRB- greater than or equal to 200 mg/dL -RRB- , 49.2 % of men and 40.2 % of women would be referred . The use of age-related definitions of the NIH Consensus Conference on Lipid Lowering results in 28.0 % referrals in men and 21.8 % in women . From this population , hypercholesterolemia subjects -LRB- greater than or equal to 265 mg/dL at screening ; n = 624 -RRB- were invited for a second cholesterol determination -LRB- 58 % returned -RRB- , which found 36 % below the 265 mg/dL level . Population screening for cholesterol is likely to produce large numbers of patients for follow-up , with the actual numbers strongly dependent on cutoff levels and age-sex distributions . Referral and follow-up of these patients
Glucocorticoid-induced apoptosis of thymocytes is one of the first recognized forms of programmed cell death . It was shown to require gene activation induced by the glucocorticoid receptor -LRB- GR -RRB- translocated into the nucleus following ligand binding . In addition , the necessity of the glucocorticoid-induced , but transcription-independent phosphorylation of phosphatidylinositol-specific phospholipase C -LRB- PI-PLC -RRB- has also been shown . Here we report that retinoic acids , physiological ligands for the nuclear retinoid receptors , enhance glucocorticoid-induced death of mouse thymocytes both in vitro and in vivo . The effect is mediated by retinoic acid receptor -LRB- RAR -RRB- alpha/retinoid X receptor -LRB- RXR -RRB- heterodimers , and occurs when both RARα and RXR are ligated by retinoic acids . We show that the ligated RARα/RXR interacts with the ligated GR , resulting in an enhanced transcriptional activity of the GR . The mechanism through which this interaction promotes GR-mediated transcription does not require DNA binding of the retinoid receptors and does not alter the phosphorylation status of Ser232 , known to regulate the transcriptional activity of GR . Phosphorylation of PI-PLC was not affected . Besides thymocytes , retinoids also promoted glucocorticoid-induced apoptosis of various T-cell lines , suggesting that they could be used in the therapy of glucocorticoid-sensitive T-cell malignancies . All-trans retinoic acid -LRB- ATRA -RRB- has been shown to inhibit in vitro growth of multiple myeloma -LRB- MM -RRB- cells , and this effect can be further potentiated by the addition of Dexamethasone -LRB- DEX -RRB- . We here extended this study by testing the activity of 9-cis retinoic acid -LRB- 9-cis RA -RRB- and 13-cis retinoic acid -LRB- 13-cis RA -RRB- , both alone and in combination with DEX , in two MM cell lines , U266 and RPMI 8226 . 9-cis RA appeared to be the most active agent in U266 cell line -LRB- IC50 = 1.2 mumol/l vs 10.5 and 9.8 mumol/l obtained with ATRA and 13-cis RA , respectively -RRB- while , in RPMI 8226 cell line , 9-cis RA and 13-cis RA were almost equally cytotoxic -LRB- IC50 = 1 and 0.8 mumol/l -RRB- and ATRA was less effective . Co-incubation with DEX resulted in a synergistic cytotoxic activity in both the cell lines except for the combinations DEX + 9-cis RA in U266 cell line and DEX + 13-cis RA in RPMI 8226 cell line , where the effect was merely additive . A synergistic cytotoxic effect of retinoids and DEX was also observed on fresh MM cells obtained from 7 patients . Both retinoids and DEX are known to be inducers of apoptosis ; we verified that the combined inhibitory activity of retinoids and DEX could be attributed to an increased induction of apoptosis . It has been described recently that an enhanced expression of BCL-2 protein can contribute to the occurrence of early chemoresistance ; the downregulation of BCL-2 protein induced by retinoids could thus be exploited , by means of novel chemotherapy plus retinoids combinations , in order to improve the efficacy of conventional chemotherapy in MM . Interleukin-6 -LRB- IL-6 -RRB- / IL-6 receptor -LRB- IL-6R -RRB- plays a major role in autocrine/paracrine growth regulation of myeloma cells . We investigated the effect of dexamethasone and all-trans retinoic acid , previously shown to modulate IL-6 / IL-6R , on the in vitro growth of a human myeloma cell line , OPM-2 . Both agents inhibited the clonogenic growth and 3H-thymidine incorporation in a concentration-dependent fashion . Isobologram and median effect analysis showed a strong synergy between these two agents with a combination index in the range of 0.2 to 0.6 . Both agents decreased the labeling index and the cell fraction in S and G2/M phases , suggesting a block in G1-S phase transition . The clonogenic growth was stimulated by exogenous IL-6 and was inhibited by monoclonal antibody to IL-6 , suggesting an autocrine function of IL-6 . The effect of dexamethasone but not all-trans retinoic acid was completely reversed by exogenous IL-6 . Dexamethasone increased , while all-trans retinoic acid reduced , IL-6R but not gp130 mRNA expression . Their combination caused a net reduction in IL-6R mRNA . Cellular IL-6R density was altered correspondingly without changes in the binding affinity . IL-6 mRNA expression was reduced by dexamethasone and the combination , but was not affected by retinoic acid alone . However , IL-6 secretion into culture supernatant was abolished by both agents . A survey of 4 additional human myeloma cells showed that 1 was sensitive to both , 1 was sensitive to one agent only , and 2 were resistant to both . The study demonstrates the possibility of regulating myeloma cell growth through modulation of IL-6 / IL-6R autocrine/paracrine loop and the principle of achieving a synergistic effect by blocking this loop at multiple sites .
To investigate whether intensification of combined antiretroviral therapy -LRB- cART -RRB- with the CC chemokine receptor type 5 -LRB- CCR5 -RRB- entry inhibitor maraviroc leads to improvement in global neurocognitive functioning in virally suppressed men with HIV-associated neurocognitive disorder -LRB- HAND -RRB- . Prospective , double observer-blinded , open-label pilot randomized-controlled trial . Participants were randomized to remain on their existing cART regimen -LRB- control arm ; n = 8 -RRB- or receive maraviroc-intensification -LRB- maraviroc arm ; n = 9 -RRB- . Participants completed a five-domain neuropsychological battery at baseline , 6 - and 12-month visits . Raw scores were transformed into age-corrected z-scores and averaged into a global z-score . Single voxel -LRB- H -RRB- - magnetic resonance spectroscopy -LRB- MRS -RRB- major cerebral metabolite concentrations were collected at baseline and 12 months in the basal ganglia and frontal white matter and quantified using jMRUI . Fourteen of the 17 participants completed the study : nine maraviroc arm and five control . No treatment-related changes were detected for H-MRS metabolites or cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers . This pilot study provides feasibility , tolerability , proof-of-concept and preliminary evidence for clinically relevant neurocognitive improvement in cART enhancement with maraviroc in virally suppressed HAND patients . Lack of concomitant brain metabolite and biomarker change may be related to complex dynamics of brain repair .
In this phase I dose-escalation study , brentuximab vedotin was administered intravenously on Days 1 , 8 , and 15 , of each 28-day cycle at doses ranging from 0.4 to 1.4 mg/kg . Doses were escalated in increments of 0.2 mg/kg until dose-limiting toxicity -LRB- DLT -RRB- was observed . Patients were monitored for antitherapeutic antibodies and pharmacokinetic parameters . Antitumor assessments were carried out every two cycles . The MTD was 1.2 mg/kg . The most common adverse events were peripheral sensory neuropathy , fatigue , nausea , diarrhea , arthralgia , and pyrexia ; and the majority of events were mild to moderate in severity . Tumor regression occurred in 85 % of patients and the overall objective response rate was 59 % -LRB- n = 24 -RRB- , with 34 % -LRB- n = 14 -RRB- complete remissions . The median duration of response was not reached at a median follow-up of 45 weeks on study . Weekly administration of brentuximab vedotin resulted in tumor regression and durable remissions in patients with CD30-positive malignancies . This ADC was associated with manageable toxicity , including peripheral neuropathy . Further study in CD30-positive malignancies is warranted .
Morphological complexity hampers the histological classification of thymomas . Our aim was to determine whether the use of novel differentiation and maturation markers of cortical and medullary thymic epithelial cells -LRB- cTECs and mTECs -RRB- might provide an approach to understanding the underlying biology of these tumours . Fifty-seven thymomas were studied by immunohistochemistry . The cortical markers used were B5T , PRSS16 , and cathepsin V . The medullary markers used were CD40 , claudin-4 , AIRE , and desmin . Involucrin and cytokeratin 10 were used to study terminal mTEC maturation . Irrespective of histological subtype , most thymomas contained distinct areas with cortical and medullary differentiation . Type B1 , type B2 and type AB thymomas showed marked bi-lineage differentiation , with lack of terminal mTEC maturation in type AB . Type AB thymomas were unique in showing areas where cells with either cortical or medullary differentiation were intimately ` mixed ' at the single-cell level . Type B3 and type A thymomas showed only abortive lineage differentiation and maturation . Thymomas show highly characteristic patterns of bi-lineage TEC differentiation that reflect the histological subtypes recognized by the WHO classification . We hypothesize that thymomas arise from thymic precursor cells with different cortical and/or medullary maturation defects . Studies in both animal models and humans have shown a subset of B cells behaving as immuno-regulatory cells , being a source of inhibitory cytokines such as IL-10 and TGF-β . Our aims were to establish the presence of human B regulatory -LRB- Breg -RRB- cells and to assess their ability to suppress proliferation of CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells and to mediate T regulatory -LRB- Treg -RRB- cells ' properties . For this purpose , human Breg , CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T and Treg cells were purified using magnetic microbeads . CFSE-labeled CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells were stimulated and cultured alone or with Breg cells . Their proliferative response was determined 72 hours later based on the CFSE staining . In parallel , Treg cells were cultured alone or with Breg cells in different conditions for 24 hours , and then stained and analyzed for Foxp3 and CTLA-4 expression . We found that , the co-culture of Breg cells -LRB- defined as CD25 -LRB- high -RRB- CD27 -LRB- high -RRB- CD86 -LRB- high -RRB- CD1d -LRB- high -RRB- IL-10 -LRB- high -RRB- TGF-β -LRB- high -RRB- -RRB- with autologous stimulated CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells decreased significantly -LRB- in a dose-dependent way -RRB- the proliferative capacity of CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells . Furthermore , Foxp3 and CTLA-4 expression in Treg cells were enhanced by non-stimulated and further by ODN-CD40L stimulated Breg cells . The regulatory function of Breg cells on Treg cells was mainly dependent on a direct contact between Breg and Treg cells , but was also TGF-β but not IL-10 dependent . In conclusion , human Breg cells decrease the proliferation of CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells and also enhance the expression of Foxp3 and CTLA-4 in Treg cells by cell-to-cell contact . Suppression of the immune system after the resolution of infection or inflammation is an important process that limits immune-mediated pathogenesis and autoimmunity . Several mechanisms of immune suppression have received a great deal of attention in the past three decades . These include mechanisms related to suppressive cytokines , interleukin -LRB- IL -RRB- -10 and transforming growth factor -LRB- TGF -RRB- - β , produced by regulatory cells , and mechanisms related to apoptosis mediated by death ligands , Fas ligand -LRB- FasL -RRB- and tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand -LRB- TRAIL -RRB- , expressed by killer or cytotoxic cells . Despite many lines of evidence supporting an important role for B lymphocytes as both regulatory and killer cells in many inflammatory settings , relatively little attention has been given to understanding the biology of these cells , their relative importance or their usefulness as therapeutic targets . This review is intended to give an overview of the major mechanisms of immunosuppression used by B lymphocytes during both normal and inflammatory contexts . The more recent discoveries of expression of granzyme B , programmed death 1 ligand 2 -LRB- PD-L2 -RRB- and regulatory antibody production by B cells as well as the interactions of regulatory and killer B cells with regulatory T cells , natural killer T -LRB- NKT -RRB- cells and other cell populations are discussed . In addition , new evidence on the basis of independent characterizations of regulatory and killer CD5 -LRB- + -RRB- B cells point toward the concept of a multipotent suppressor B cell with seemingly high therapeutic potential . A small number of signalling pathways are used iteratively to regulate cell fates , cell proliferation and cell death in development . Notch is the receptor in one such pathway , and is unusual in that most of its ligands are also transmembrane proteins ; therefore signalling is restricted to neighbouring cells . Although the intracellular transduction of the Notch signal is remarkably simple , with no secondary messengers , this pathway functions in an enormous diversity of developmental processes and its dysfunction is implicated in many cancers . B cells can suppress autoimmunity by secreting interleukin-10 -LRB- IL-10 -RRB- . By using IL-10 reporter mice , we found that plasmablasts in the draining lymph nodes -LRB- dLNs -RRB- , but not splenic B lineage cells , predominantly expressed IL-10 during experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis -LRB- EAE -RRB- . Mice lacking plasmablasts by genetic ablation of the transcription factors Blimp1 or IRF4 in B lineage cells developed an exacerbated EAE . Furthermore , IRF4 positively regulated IL-10 production that can inhibit dendritic cell functions to generate pathogenic T cells . Our data demonstrate that plasmablasts in the dLNs serve as IL-10 producers to limit autoimmune inflammation and emphasize the importance of plasmablasts as IL-10-producing regulatory B cells . Over the last decade it has become evident that in addition to producing
Age at onset of motor symptoms was collected on 611 persons affected with Huntington disease -LRB- HD -RRB- among 3,201 persons `` at risk '' in 108 kindreds . Life-table estimates correcting for truncated intervals of observation -LRB- censoring -RRB- produced a median age at onset 5 years older than the observed mean . Risk estimates of HD onset for persons at risk , as calculated by life-table methods , were significantly higher for older ages than were estimates based on the observed distribution of onsets . Age-specific incidence was found to be highest at age 35-64 years , a considerably older age interval than suggested by previous estimates . The offspring of affected males had significantly younger onset than did offspring of affected females , and a trend suggesting and excess of paternal descent among juvenile-onset cases was present . Life-table analysis is contrasted with analyses of -LRB- a -RRB- the observed distribution of age at onset and -LRB- b -RRB- remote cohorts age 63 or older at the time of data collection . The implications for risk prediction , genetic counseling , and genetic analysis of HD are discussed . Huntington disease -LRB- HD -RRB- is an autosomal dominant disorder in which the major gene expression occurs in the central nervous system . It is characterized by the appearance of progressive chorea and dementia , usually in adult life . One tragic aspect of the disorder , due to its late age of onset and , until recently , lack of a presymptomatic marker , is that transmission of the disease to offspring invariably occurs before symptoms develop in the parent . Although the onset of symptoms and the rate of progression may vary , the prognosis is one of relentless deterioration . The major pathological features of HD are a primary loss of cells in the caudate nucleus and putamen -LRB- striatum -RRB- but other regions of the basal ganglia , hypothalamus , and brain stem are also involved . Not only is there neuronal loss but there is also a decrease in the level of a number of neurotransmitters and associated enzymes , together with abnormalities in some receptor sites . Martin -LSB- 1 -RSB- described the disease as `` genetically programmed cell death in the human central nervous system . '' We studied 65 Huntington 's disease patients and 225 at-risk individuals over the past 4 years . The rate of decline of these untreated patients from Venezuela was similar to that seen in US patients who had received neuroleptic drugs . Chorea , oculomotor dysfunction , and dysdiadochokinesis were early symptoms ; parkinsonian features and dystonia came later . Juvenile patients declined nearly twice as fast as adult-onset patients . No distinctive neurologic phenotypes were seen in children of two affected parents . We studied eye movements in 50 patients with Huntington 's disease . Fixation was impaired in 73 % of patients ; such individuals had difficulty in suppressing saccades toward novel visual stimuli . Impaired initiation of saccades was manifest by increased reaction time -LRB- 89 % -RRB- and inability to make a saccade without head movement -LRB- 89 % -RRB- or blink -LRB- 35 % -RRB- . Saccades and quick phases of nystagmus were slowed in 62 % . Smooth pursuit was abnormal in 60 % , and vergence in 33 % . The vestibulo-ocular reflex and the ability to hold eccentric gaze were preserved even late in the disease . To examine the premise that cognitive impairment in Huntington 's disease -LRB- HD -RRB- is related to striatal degeneration , we determined those cognitive deficits most closely associated with linear CT indices of brain atrophy in HD . We systematically evaluated 60 drug-free HD patients who were judged to be in stages I -LRB- n = 34 -RRB- or II -LRB- n = 26 -RRB- of illness . All subjects underwent comprehensive neuropsychological assessment covering a broad spectrum of cognitive operations and standardized head CT imaging for determination of frontal horn -LRB- FH -RRB- , intercaudate -LRB- CC -RRB- , and outer-table -LRB- OT -RRB- distances . We grouped the cognitive test results , based on a principal-component factor analysis , to form factors 1 -LRB- complex psychomotor -RRB- , 2 -LRB- verbal memory -RRB- , 3 -LRB- visuospatial -RRB- , and 4 -LRB- general knowledge -RRB- . Factors 1 and 3 sharply discriminated between subjects in stages I and II of illness . Factors 1 , 2 , and 3 correlated strongly with CC/OT , an index of caudate atrophy , whereas only factor 2 correlated with FH/OT , an index of frontal atrophy . These data demonstrate that cognitive impairment is a clear-cut characteristic of early HD that is linked closely to the extent of caudate atrophy as measured by CT. . Causes of death were examined from death certificates for 395 Danish subjects with Huntington 's disease -LRB- HD -RRB- and for 282 unaffected sibs and compared with the causes of death in the general Danish population . For both the HD subjects and the sibs , pneumonia and cardiovascular diseases were the most frequent primary causes of death . Suicides accounted for 5.6 % of all deaths among the HD subjects and , unexpectedly , for 5.3 % among the sibs , some of whom may have been carriers of the HD gene . Both were significantly higher than the corresponding frequency of 2.7 % in the general Danish population , but there was no evidence of differences in the age specific proportions for the HD subjects and for the sibs compared to the general population . Some accidents leading to death in the sibs may have been hidden suicides . The rate of cancer was low for the HD patients , being only 5.3 % compared with 31.2 % for the sibs . Neurological diseases were reported with an increased frequency in the HD patients compared to the general population , 6 % v 1
Inflammatory multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- lesions are characterized by microglia activation and infiltration of T cells , B cells , and macrophages across the blood-brain barrier -LRB- BBB -RRB- . In the experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis -LRB- EAE -RRB- rat model of MS , previous MR imaging investigations with a new contrast agent ultra-small-particle iron oxide -LRB- USPIO -RRB- that accumulates in phagocytic cells revealed in vivo the presence of macrophage brain infiltration . The goal of this study was to characterize MS lesions with the use of this contrast agent . A prospective MR imaging study of 10 patients with MS in acute relapses was achieved by using USPIO and gadolinium . Twenty-four hours after USPIO injection , 33 acute MS lesions in 9 patients showed USPIO uptake . Lesions were seen as high signal intensities on T1-weighted images and low signal intensities on T2-weighted images . Gadolinium enhancement was seen in 31 of these lesions in 7 patients . These 7 patients presented 24 gadolinium-enhanced lesions that did not enhance with USPIO . Two patients showed USPIO-enhanced lesions but no gadolinium-enhanced lesions . Taken together with earlier findings obtained in experimental models or in human stroke , the visualization of macrophage activity in vivo with USPIO characterize a distinct cellular and inflammatory event of the dynamic process of MS lesion formation . The macrophage activity information obtained with USPIO is distinct and complementary to the increased BBB permeability seen with gadolinium . Gadolinium-DTPA -LRB- Gd-DTPA -RRB- is routinely used as a marker for inflammation in MRI to visualize breakdown of the blood-brain barrier -LRB- BBB -RRB- in multiple sclerosis . Recent data suggest that ultra-small superparamagnetic particles of iron oxide -LRB- USPIO -RRB- can be used to visualize cellular infiltration , another aspect of inflammation . This project aimed to compare the novel USPIO particle SHU555C to the longitudinal pattern of Gd-DTPA enhancement in multiple sclerosis . Nineteen relapsing-remitting patients were screened monthly using Gd-enhanced MRI . In case of new enhancing lesions , USPIO were injected and 24 h later , MRI was performed and blood was collected to confirm USPIO loading of circulating monocytes . Lesion development was monitored by 3 monthly Gd-DTPA-enhanced scans and a final scan 7-11 months after injection . USPIO-enhancement was observed as hyperintensity on T1-weighted images , whereas no signal changes were observed on T2-weighted-gradient-echo images . In 14 patients with disease activity , 188 USPIO-positive lesions were seen , 144 of which were Gd-negative . By contrast , there were a total of 59 Gd-positive lesions , 15 of which were USPIO negative . Three patterns of USPIO-enhancement were seen : -LRB- i -RRB- focal enhancement ; -LRB- ii -RRB- ring-like enhancement and -LRB- iii -RRB- return to isointensity of a previously hypointense lesion . The latter pattern was most frequently observed for lesions that turned out to be transiently hypointense on follow-up scans , and ring-enhancing lesions were less likely to evolve into black holes at follow-up than lesions without ring-like USPIO-enhancement ; we speculate this to be associated with repair . In 4 % of the USPIO-positive/Gd negative lesions , USPIO-enhancement preceded Gd-enhancement by 1 month . USPIO-enhancement remained visible for up to 3 months in 1.5 % of all USPIO-positive lesions . In 29 % of the lesions enhancing with both contrast agents , USPIO-enhancement persisted whereas Gd-enhancement had already resolved . In conclusion , the new nano-particle SHU555C provides complementary information to Gd-enhanced MRI , probably related to monocyte infiltration . The use of USPIO-enhanced MRI is likely to lead to more insight in the pluriformity of inflammation in multiple sclerosis . To compare magnetic resonance -LRB- MR -RRB- imaging features of multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- lesions after the administration of a gadolinium-based contrast agent and ultrasmall superparamagnetic iron oxide -LRB- USPIO -RRB- particles among the clinical phenotypes of MS and over time . This study was approved by the local ethics committee , and written informed consent was obtained from all patients . Twenty-four patients with MS -LRB- 10 with relapsing and 14 with progressive forms -RRB- underwent clinical and gadolinium - and USPIO-enhanced MR examinations at baseline and 6-month follow-up . The number of lesions that enhanced with gadolinium alone , USPIO alone , or both was compared with the Pearson χ2 or Fisher exact test , and lesion sizes were compared with the Wilcoxon Mann-Whitney U test . At 6-month follow-up , the lesion signal intensity on precontrast T1-weighted images and the enhancement after repeat injection of the contrast agent were compared with the baseline postcontrast imaging features by using the McNemar test . Fifty-six lesions were considered active owing to contrast enhancement at baseline ; 37 lesions -LRB- 66 % -RRB- in 10 patients enhanced with gadolinium . The use of USPIO helped detect 19 additional lesions -LRB- 34 % -RRB- , and two additional patients were classified as having active disease . Thus , the use of both agents enabled detection of 51 % -LRB- 19 of 37 lesions -RRB- more lesions than with gadolinium alone . Enhanced lesions were more frequently observed in the relapsing compared with the progressive forms of MS -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- . USPIO enhancement , in the form of ringlike patterns , could also be observed on T1-weighted images in patients with progressive MS , enabling the detection of five lesions in addition to the five detected with gadolinium in this phenotype . Lesions that enhanced with both contrast agents at baseline were larger -LRB- mean size , 6.5 mm ± 3.8 ; P = .001 -RRB- and were more likely to persistently enhance at 6-month follow-up -LRB- seven of 27 lesions , P < .0001 -RRB- compared with those that enhanced only with gadolinium -LRB- mean size , 4.9 mm ± 2.2 ; one of nine lesions -RRB- or USPIO -LRB- mean size , 3.5 mm ± 1.5 ; 0 of 17 lesions -RRB- . The combination of gadolinium and USPIO in
Because injury to the alveolar epithelial barrier is a characteristic feature of acute lung injury -LRB- ALI -RRB- and the acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- ARDS -RRB- , plasma surfactant protein levels may have prognostic value . To test this hypothesis plasma surfactant proteins A and D -LRB- SP-A and SP-D -RRB- levels were measured in patients with ALI or ARDS enrolled in the NHLBI sponsored multicentre ARDS Network randomised controlled trial of a 6 ml/kg v 12 ml/kg tidal volume strategy . Data from 565 participants in the clinical trial were used . Plasma levels of SP-A and SP-D were measured at baseline and on day 3 after the start of the mechanical ventilation protocol . The longitudinal impact of baseline plasma surfactant protein levels on clinical outcomes was examined by multivariate analysis , controlling for mechanical ventilation group , APACHE III score , and other clinical covariates . The effect of 6 ml/kg tidal volume ventilation on plasma SP-A and SP-D levels was evaluated using analysis of covariance . Baseline plasma SP-A levels were not related to any clinical outcome . In contrast , higher baseline plasma SP-D levels were associated with a greater risk of death -LRB- OR 1.21 per 100 ng/ml increment ; 95 % CI 1.08 to 1.35 -RRB- , fewer ventilator-free days -LRB- mean decrease -0.88 days ; p = 0.001 -RRB- , and fewer organ failure-free days -LRB- mean decrease -1.06 days ; p < 0.0001 -RRB- . The 6 ml/kg tidal volume strategy had no effect on the rise in plasma SP-A levels -LRB- p = 0.91 -RRB- but attenuated the rise in plasma SP-D levels -LRB- p = 0.0006 -RRB- . Early in the course of ALI/ARDS an increased level of plasma SP-D is associated with a worse clinical outcome . The 6 ml/kg tidal volume strategy attenuated the rise of SP-D early in the clinical course . Taken together , these observations indicate that plasma SP-D , a product of alveolar type II cells , is a valuable biomarker in ALI/ARDS . Ventilator-induced lung injury -LRB- VILI -RRB- is an inflammatory process that can be attenuated by lung protective ventilation strategies . Our objectives to further investigate the pathogenesis of ALI and VILI and the mechanism of lung protection in these syndromes were : 1 -RRB- to determine if plasma measurements of soluble TNF receptor I -LRB- sTNFRI -RRB- and II -LRB- sTNFRII -RRB- would predict the development of ALI and mortality in a small single center trial ; 2 -RRB- to test the predictive value of these markers and of TNF-alpha in a larger , broader group of patients with ALI ; 3 -RRB- to test the hypothesis that low tidal volume ventilation -LRB- LTVV -RRB- would be associated with a decrease in plasma levels of TNF-alpha , sTNFRI , and sTNFRII . In the single center study , sTNFRI and II levels were higher in patients at risk for and with ALI , but they did not predict the development of the syndrome . In the multicenter trial sTNFRI and II were strongly associated with mortality -LRB- OR 5.76 / 1 log10 increment in receptor level ; 95 % CI 2.63-12.6 and OR 2.58 ; 95 % CI 1.05-6.31 , respectively -RRB- and morbidity measured as fewer nonpulmonary organ failure-free and ventilator-free days . The LTVV strategy was associated with an attenuation of plasma sTNFRI levels . In vitro , stimulated A549 cells release sTNFRI but not sTNRFII . In conclusion , plasma levels of sTNFRI and II can serve as biomarkers for morbidity and mortality in patients with ALI . Furthermore , LTVV is associated with a specific decrease in sTNFRI levels . This suggests that one beneficial effect of LTVV may be to attenuate alveolar epithelial injury . The coagulation and inflammatory cascades may be linked in the pathogenesis of acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome . However , direct evidence for the contribution of abnormalities in coagulation and fibrinolysis proteins to outcomes in patients with acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome is lacking . Retrospective measurement of plasma levels of protein C and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 in plasma samples that were collected prospectively as part of a large multicenter clinical trial . The primary outcome was hospital mortality . To evaluate the potential additive value of abnormalities of these biomarkers , the excess relative risk of death was calculated for each combination of quartiles of protein-C and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels . Ten university medical centers . The study included 779 patients from a multicenter clinical trial of a protective ventilatory strategy in acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome and 99 patients with acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema , as well as ten normal controls . Compared with plasma from controls and patients with acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema , baseline protein-C levels were low and baseline plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels were elevated in acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome . By multivariate analysis , lower protein C and higher plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were strong independent predictors of mortality , and ventilator-free and organ-failure-free days . Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and protein C had a synergistic interaction for the risk of death . Early acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome is characterized by decreased plasma levels of protein C and increased plasma levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 that are independent risk factors for mortality and adverse clinical outcomes . Measurement of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and protein-C levels may be useful to identify those at highest risk of adverse clinical outcomes for the development of new therapies . Activin-A is up-regulated in various respiratory disorders . However , its precise role in pulmonary pathophysiology has not been adequately substantiated in vivo . To investigate in vivo the consequences of dysregulated Activin-A expression in the lung and identify key Activin-A-induced processes that contribute to respiratory pathology . Activin-A was ectopically expressed in murine lung , and functional , structural , and molecular alterations were extensively analyzed . The
We reviewed interventions that affect maternal and child undernutrition and nutrition-related outcomes . These interventions included promotion of breastfeeding ; strategies to promote complementary feeding , with or without provision of food supplements ; micronutrient interventions ; general supportive strategies to improve family and community nutrition ; and reduction of disease burden -LRB- promotion of handwashing and strategies to reduce the burden of malaria in pregnancy -RRB- . We showed that although strategies for breastfeeding promotion have a large effect on survival , their effect on stunting is small . Management of severe acute malnutrition according to WHO guidelines reduced the case-fatality rate by 55 % -LRB- risk ratio 0.45 , 0.32-0.62 -RRB- , and recent studies suggest that newer commodities , such as ready-to-use therapeutic foods , can be used to manage severe acute malnutrition in community settings . Effective micronutrient interventions for pregnant women included supplementation with iron folate -LRB- which increased haemoglobin at term by 12 g/L , 2.93-21.07 -RRB- and micronutrients -LRB- which reduced the risk of low birthweight at term by 16 % -LRB- relative risk 0.84 , 0.74-0.95 -RRB- . We used a cohort model to assess the potential effect of these interventions on mothers and children in the 36 countries that have 90 % of children with stunted linear growth . The model showed that existing interventions that were designed to improve nutrition and prevent related disease could reduce stunting at 36 months by 36 % ; mortality between birth and 36 months by about 25 % ; and disability-adjusted life-years associated with stunting , severe wasting , intrauterine growth restriction , and micronutrient deficiencies by about 25 % .
The association of body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- with cause-specific mortality has not been reported for the US population . To estimate cause-specific excess deaths associated with underweight -LRB- BMI < 18.5 -RRB- , overweight -LRB- BMI 25 - < 30 -RRB- , and obesity -LRB- BMI > or = 30 -RRB- . Cause-specific relative risks of mortality from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey -LRB- NHANES -RRB- I , 1971-1975 ; II , 1976-1980 ; and III , 1988-1994 , with mortality follow-up through 2000 -LRB- 571,042 person-years of follow-up -RRB- were combined with data on BMI and other covariates from NHANES 1999-2002 with underlying cause of death information for 2.3 million adults 25 years and older from 2004 vital statistics data for the United States . Cause-specific excess deaths in 2004 by BMI levels for categories of cardiovascular disease -LRB- CVD -RRB- , cancer , and all other causes -LRB- noncancer , non-CVD causes -RRB- . Based on total follow-up , underweight was associated with significantly increased mortality from noncancer , non-CVD causes -LRB- 23,455 excess deaths ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 11,848 to 35,061 -RRB- but not associated with cancer or CVD mortality . Overweight was associated with significantly decreased mortality from noncancer , non-CVD causes -LRB- -69 299 excess deaths ; 95 % CI , -100 702 to -37 897 -RRB- but not associated with cancer or CVD mortality . Obesity was associated with significantly increased CVD mortality -LRB- 112,159 excess deaths ; 95 % CI , 87,842 to 136,476 -RRB- but not associated with cancer mortality or with noncancer , non-CVD mortality . In further analyses , overweight and obesity combined were associated with increased mortality from diabetes and kidney disease -LRB- 61 248 excess deaths ; 95 % CI , 49 685 to 72,811 -RRB- and decreased mortality from other noncancer , non-CVD causes -LRB- -105,572 excess deaths ; 95 % CI , -161 816 to -49,328 -RRB- . Obesity was associated with increased mortality from cancers considered obesity-related -LRB- 13,839 excess deaths ; 95 % CI , 1920 to 25,758 -RRB- but not associated with mortality from other cancers . Comparisons across surveys suggested a decrease in the association of obesity with CVD mortality over time . The BMI-mortality association varies by cause of death . These results help to clarify the associations of BMI with all-cause mortality . Cholecystokinin is associated with satiety . Fat stimulates cholecystokinin release , and fiber appears to prolong cholecystokinin elevation during the alimentary period . We tested whether adding fiber or fat to a low-fat , low-fiber meal increases cholecystokinin release and enhances subjective measures of satiety and whether the cholecystokinin response correlates with subjective measures of satiety . Three isoenergetic breakfast meals were tested in a randomized crossover design : low fiber , low fat ; high fiber , low fat ; and low fiber , high fat . Blood samples were drawn from fasted subjects -LRB- 7 men and 8 women -RRB- before and at different time points after test meal consumption for 6 h. Plasma was analyzed for cholecystokinin , insulin , glucose , and triacylglycerols . Visual analogue scales were used to assess subjects ' hunger , desire to eat , fullness , and prospective consumption . In the women , the meals higher in fiber or in fat resulted in greater feelings of satiety and in significantly higher cholecystokinin responses than did the low-fat , low-fiber meal . In the men , the increase in cholecystokinin concentration did not differ between meals , but the 2 low-fat meals elicited a greater feeling of satiety than did the high-fat meal . The insulin response was significantly higher for the low-fiber , low-fat meal than for the other 2 meals , and the triacylglycerol response was greatest for the high-fat , low-fiber meal . In women , the feeling of satiety caused by cholecystokinin release is enhanced by increasing either the fiber or fat content of a low-fat , low-fiber meal . Gastrointestinal tract -LRB- GIT -RRB- and nervous system , both central -LRB- CNS -RRB- and enteric -LRB- ENS -RRB- , are involved in two-way extrinsic communication by parasympathetic and sympathetic nerves , each comprising efferents fibers such as cholinergic and noradrenergic , respectively , and afferent sensory fibers required for gut-brain signaling . Afferent nerves are equipped with numerous sensors at their terminals in the gut related to visceral mechano - chemo - and noci-receptors , whose excitations may trigger a variety of visceral reflexes regulating GIT functions , including the appetitive behaviour . Food intake depends upon various influences from the CNS as well as from the body energy stores -LRB- adipocytes -RRB- that express and release the product of Ob gene , leptin , in proportion to fat stored and acting in long-term regulation of food intake . Leptin acts through receptors -LRB- Ob-R -RRB- present in afferent visceral nerves and hypothalamic arcuate nucleus -LRB- ARC -RRB- , whose neurons are capable of expressing and releasing neuropeptide Y -LRB- NPY -RRB- and agouti related protein -LRB- AgRP -RRB- that activate the ingestive behaviour through paraventricular nucleus -LRB- PVN -RRB- -LRB- iVfeeding centerli -RRB- . In addition , to this long-term regulation , a short-term regulation , on meal-to-meal basis , is secured by several gut hormones , such as cholecystokinin -LRB- CCK -RRB- , peptides YY -LRB- PYY -RRB- and oxyntomodulin -LRB- OXM -RRB- , released from the endocrine intestinal cells and acting via G-protein coupled receptors -LRB- GPCR -RRB- either on afferent nerves or directly on ARC neurons , which in turn inhibit expression and release of food-intake stimulating NPY and AgRP , thereby inducing satiety through inhibition of PVN . In contrast , during fasting , the GIT , especially oxyntic mucosa , expresses and releases appetite stimulating -LRB- orexigenic -RRB- factors such as ghrelin and orexins -LRB- OX -RRB- - A and OX-B , and cannabinoid CB1 agonist . Ghrelin
To determine if differences in noise levels exist in the cardiac operating room at various critical points . Prospective , nonrandomized study . Cardiac operating rooms of a university hospital . Cardiac surgical patients . None . The noise level was monitored in the operating room for 23 patients undergoing cardiac surgery requiring general anesthesia during room setup , induction , skin incision , 60 minutes after surgical incision , termination of extracorporeal circulation , emergence -LRB- drapes down -RRB- , and transport . At each data point -LRB- induction , emergence , termination of extracorporeal circulation , emergence -LSB- drapes down -RSB- , and transport -RRB- , noise levels were louder than the baseline reference at room setup , surgical skin incision , and 60 minutes into the surgery . The aim of this study was to compare the level of noise in the operating room at times determined critical for anesthesiologists compared with other surgical periods . This study consistently showed that noise in the operating room is louder during the critical anesthesia components of the case . Several studies have found that the loudest sound levels recorded in an operating room are related to the use of particular surgical tools , which are not used typically during the induction and emergence from anesthesia . This suggests that the increased sound levels during these periods may be somewhat controllable by the health care providers in the room . Because noise is a general stressor , noise in the OR should be avoided whenever possible . This article presents the results of a review of the research literature on the topic of noise in the OR . A systematic literature search was conducted . Eighteen relevant articles were identified and categorized as follows : noise levels , noise sources , staff performances , and patient 's perception of noise . Each study was assessed according to the strength of the evidence and the quality of the study . Noise levels in the OR in general exceed recommended levels , and the noise sources are related to equipment and staff behavior . The main effect of noise on staff performances is related to impaired communication , resulting in a negative effect on patient safety . The literature on patients ' perception of noise is both limited and inconsistent , and more research on this topic is needed . To measure sound levels that our patients are exposed to in the surgical suite and their perception of these sound levels . Sound levels experienced by 100 patients undergoing general anesthesia for elective surgery during three phases : induction and maintenance of anesthesia in the operating room -LRB- OR -RRB- , and recovery from anesthesia in the recovery room , were measured using a Type 4436 Noise Dose Meter . The equivalent continuous sound levels -LRB- Leq -RRB- , maximum sound levels -LRB- Lmax -RRB- , and the sources of sounds were noted . Patients were interviewed 24 hours after anesthesia about their perception of the sound levels they had experienced in the OR and recovery rooms . The Leq during the induction , maintenance , and recovery phases were 70.3 + / - 16.8 dB -LRB- A -RRB- , 66.2 + / - 4.1 dB -LRB- A -RRB- and 71.8 + / - 6.1 dB -LRB- A -RRB- , respectively . These sound levels are much higher than international recommendations for hospital acute care areas and exceed the thresholds to produce noise-induced cardiovascular and endocrine effects . Sound levels were significantly higher during the induction and recovery phases compared to the maintenance phase . Thirty-two patients found the induction phase noisy and 33 patients found the recovery phase noisy . The sound levels distressed 16 patients and 52 patients would have preferred a quieter environment . There was no difference in the sound levels experienced by those who expressed dissatisfaction with the sound levels and those who did not . Much of the noise , particularly staff conversations , unnecessary alarms , and preparation of equipment , could have been prevented by simple measures . Noise prevention in the OR and recovery room needs more attention and should be a routine part of patient care . We implemented a quality improvement project to reduce noise levels in the OR in response to complaints from the anesthesia staff members at two community hospitals . Excessive noise has been shown to increase staff member stress , fatigue , distraction , and ineffective communication , which can lead to medical errors . We measured noise levels during anesthesia induction and emergence for 118 different surgical procedures and compared noise levels before and after the improvement project intervention . Staff member education and noise reduction strategies , which included signage , prominent noise meters , and specific suggestions to staff members , helped to significantly reduce the noise level during the anesthetic induction and emergence phases of OR procedures . To study the detrimental effects of operating room noise , noise levels in operating rooms were first measured and the average noise level was calculated in Decibels , which was 77.32 dB -LRB- A -RRB- . An audiocassette of 90 min duration was prepared recording the operating room noise . The same audiocassette was used later to expose the 20 anaesthesia residents to the operating room noise in the acoustically treated rooms of audiology department . The noise level during exposure was maintained at 77.32 dB -LRB- A -RRB- . Two cognitive functions , mental efficiency and short-term memory were studied . The tests used were the Trail Making Test and Digit Symbol Test for mental efficiency and the Benton Visual Retention Test for short-term memory . The mean pre-exposure scores for the Trail Making Test , Digit Symbol Test and Benton Visual Retention Test were 22.9 + / - 1.94 , 83 + / - 2.62 and 9.55 + / - 0.51 respectively . The mean during-exposure scores were 16.35 + / - 1.39
Trichloroethylene -LRB- TCE -RRB- is an industrial solvent used for vapor degreasing and cold cleaning of fabricated metal parts . TCE has also been used as a carrier solvent for the active ingredients of insecticides and fungicides , as a solvent for waxes , fats , resins , and oils , as an anesthetic for medical and dental use , and as an extractant for spice oleoresins and for caffeine from coffee . Trichloroethylene may be found in printing inks , varnishes , adhesives , paints , lacquers , spot removers , rug cleaners , disinfectants , and cosmetic cleansing fluids . TCE may also be used as a chain terminator in polyvinyl chloride production and as an intermediate in the production of pentachloroethane . Trichloroethylene is no longer used with food , drugs , or cosmetics . NTP Carcinogenesis studies of epichlorohydrin-free trichloroethylene were conducted by administering the test chemical in corn oil by gavage to groups of 50 male and 50 female F344/N rats and B6C3F1 mice . Dosage levels were 500 and 1,000 mg/kg for rats and 1,000 mg/kg for mice . Trichloroethylene was administered five times per week for 103 weeks , and surviving animals were killed between weeks 103 and 107 . Groups of 50 rats and 50 mice of each sex received corn oil by gavage on the same schedule and served as vehicle controls . Groups of 50 male and 50 female rats were used as untreated controls . The dosage levels selected for the 2-year study were based on the results of the 13-week studies . Groups of 10 male and 10 female rats received TCE by gavage at doses of 125 to 2,000 mg/kg -LRB- males -RRB- and 62.5 to 1,000 mg/kg -LRB- females -RRB- for 13 weeks . Groups of 10 male and 10 female mice received gavage doses of 375 to 6,000 mg/kg of TCE for 13 weeks . Survival , body weight gains , and previous experience with TCE were used to select doses for the 2-year study . All rats survived the 13-week study , but males receiving 2,000 mg/kg exhibited a 24 % difference in final body weight . At the 1,000 mg/kg dose , final body weights for males -LRB- -3 % -RRB- and for females -LRB- -2 % -RRB- were similar to those of controls . The doses selected for the 2-year study in rats were 500 and 1,000 mg/kg for both sexes . The initial doses used in the earlier bioassay in Osborne-Mendel rats were 549 and 1,097 mg/kg for both sexes . A total of 8/10 male mice and 10/10 female mice receiving doses of TCE as high as 1,500 mg/kg survived the 13-week experimental period . The single dosage level selected for the 2-year study in mice was 1,000 mg/kg for both sexes . This dose was less than the high dose used in the earlier bioassay in B6C3F1 mice -LRB- 2,339 mg/kg for males and 1,739 for females -RRB- and was similar to the previous low doses -LRB- 1,169 mg/kg for males and 869 for females -RRB- . In the 2-year study , the survival of both low and high dose male rats and dosed male mice was less -LRB- P < / = 0.005 -RRB- than that of the vehicle controls . Mean body weights of dosed rats of each sex were lower than those of the vehicle controls , and after week 65 , the decrements in body weight gains were dose related . The mean body weight of dosed male mice was lower than that of the vehicle controls throughout the study , while those of the dosed and vehicle control female mice were comparable . Cytomegaly -LRB- toxic nephrosis -RRB- of the kidney was observed in 96/98 male and in 97/97 female rats given TCE , with none being found in male or female vehicle control rats . This lesion was more severe in males , particularly in the high dose group . Cytomegaly was observed in 45/50 male mice and in 48/49 female mice administered TCE , and in none of the vehicle controls . Renal tubular cell adenocarcinomas were found in the three high dose male rats ; these neoplasms were observed in those male rats killed at the end of the study -LRB- 0/33 , 0/20 , and 3/16 , 19 % -RRB- . The incidence in the high dose male rats at the end of the study was greater -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- than that in the controls . Renal tubular cell adenocarcinomas are considered uncommon occurrences in F344/N rats , with 3/748 -LRB- 0.4 % -RRB- being observed in historical vehicle gavage controls . Additional renal tumors in dosed male rats included one transitional cell carcats included one transitional cell carcinoma of the renal pelvis and two tubular cell adenomas in low dose animals and one carcinoma of the renal pelvis in a high dose animal . No renal neoplasms were found in vehicle control rats ; one untreated control male rat had a transitional cell papilloma of the renal pelvis . In female rats , one tubular cell adenocarcinoma was found in the high dose group . An increased incidence -LRB- P < 0.05 , life table -RRB- of peritoneal mesotheliomas was detected in low dose male rats -LRB- control , 1/50 ; low dose , 5/50 ; high dose , 1/49 -RRB- . Mesotheliomas have been diagnosed in 16/752 -LRB- 2.1 & percnt ;-RRB- historical vehicle control male F344/N rats , and the increased incidence in the present study may have been related to the administration of TCE . The results in male F344/N rats were considered equivocal for detecting a carcinogenic response because both groups receiving TCE showed significantly reduced survival compared to vehicle controls -LRB- 35/50 , 70 & percnt ; , 20/50 , 40 & percnt ; ; 16/50 , 32 & percnt ;-RRB- and because 20 & percnt ; of the animals in the
Wound healing in adult human skin results in varying degrees of scar formation , ranging clinically from fine asymptomatic scars to problematic hypertrophic and keloid scars , which may limit function and restrict further growth . At present , no good objective method of clinically assessing scars exists , which is problematic for the evaluation of scar prevention or treatment regimens . Similarly lacking are histologic correlates of what we consider good and bad clinical scars . The objective of this study was to quantitatively assess human scarring -LRB- 1 -RRB- clinically , by developing a comprehensive rating scale , -LRB- 2 -RRB- photographically , using an image capture system and a scar assessment panel , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- by histologic analysis following scar excision . Preoperatively , patients had their scars assessed , clinically using our newly developed scale and photographically using a computerized image capture system . These photographs were then sent to a panel for assessment using similar criteria to those used clinically . Following excision , scars were processed and analyzed for histology . We also found a strong correlation between the macroscopic and microscopic appearance of scars , particularly between the clinical appearance and histologic scores of features in the epidermis and papillary dermis .
Most physicians continue to report overall career satisfaction , but increased public and patient expectations and administrative and regulatory controls contribute to perceptions of increased time pressures and erosion of autonomy . Increasingly , knowledgeable patients armed with information from the media , as well as guidelines developed by health plans , government , specialty societies , professional organizations , and advocacy groups , confront physicians with a bewildering array of new expectations and demands . Although physicians are spending more time with patients than in earlier periods they feel themselves on a treadmill . Strategies to ease pressures include increased use and enhanced scope of nonphysician clinicians , adoption of information technology and disease management programs to reduce errors and to increase efficiency and quality , and thoughtful practice design . Use of such strategies , combined with leadership and a clear sense of direction , can empower physicians , provide them with expanded knowledge and expert systems , and relieve some practice burdens and frustrations . Many believe that managed care creates pressure on physicians to increase productivity , see more patients , and spend less time with each patient . We used nationally representative data from the National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey -LRB- NAMCS -RRB- of the National Center for Health Statistics and the American Medical Association 's Socioeconomic Monitoring System -LRB- SMS -RRB- to examine the length of office visits with physicians from 1989 through 1998 . We assessed the trends for visits covered by a managed-care or other prepaid health plan -LRB- prepaid visits -RRB- and non-prepaid visits for primary and specialty care , for new and established patients , and for common and serious diagnoses . Between 1989 and 1998 the number of visits to physicians ' offices increased significantly from 677 million to 797 million , although the rate of visits per 100 population did not change significantly . The average duration of office visits in 1989 was 16.3 minutes according to the NAMCS and 20.4 minutes according to the SMS survey . The duration of the visits increased for both prepaid and nonprepaid visits . Nonprepaid visits were consistently longer than prepaid visits , although the gap declined from 1 minute in 1989 to 0.6 minute in 1998 . There was an upward trend in the length of visits for both primary and specialty care and for both new and established patients . The average length of visits remained stable or increased for patients with the most common diagnoses and for those with the most serious diagnoses . Contrary to expectations , the growth of managed health care has not been associated with a reduction in the length of office visits . The observed trends can not be explained by increases in physicians ' availability , shifts in the distribution of physicians according to sex , or changes in the complexity of the case mix . Despite decades of use and considerable research , the role of estrogen alone in preventing chronic diseases in postmenopausal women remains uncertain . To assess the effects on major disease incidence rates of the most commonly used postmenopausal hormone therapy in the United States . A randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled disease prevention trial -LRB- the estrogen-alone component of the Women 's Health Initiative -LSB- WHI -RSB- -RRB- conducted in 40 US clinical centers beginning in 1993 . Enrolled were 10 739 postmenopausal women , aged 50-79 years , with prior hysterectomy , including 23 % of minority race/ethnicity . Women were randomly assigned to receive either 0.625 mg/d of conjugated equine estrogen -LRB- CEE -RRB- or placebo . The primary outcome was coronary heart disease -LRB- CHD -RRB- incidence -LRB- nonfatal myocardial infarction or CHD death -RRB- . Invasive breast cancer incidence was the primary safety outcome . A global index of risks and benefits , including these primary outcomes plus stroke , pulmonary embolism -LRB- PE -RRB- , colorectal cancer , hip fracture , and deaths from other causes , was used for summarizing overall effects . In February 2004 , after reviewing data through November 30 , 2003 , the National Institutes of Health -LRB- NIH -RRB- decided to end the intervention phase of the trial early . Estimated hazard ratios -LRB- HRs -RRB- -LRB- 95 % confidence intervals -LSB- CIs -RSB- -RRB- for CEE vs placebo for the major clinical outcomes available through February 29 , 2004 -LRB- average follow-up 6.8 years -RRB- , were : CHD , 0.91 -LRB- 0.75-1.12 -RRB- with 376 cases ; breast cancer , 0.77 -LRB- 0.59-1.01 -RRB- with 218 cases ; stroke , 1.39 -LRB- 1.10-1.77 -RRB- with 276 cases ; PE , 1.34 -LRB- 0.87-2.06 -RRB- with 85 cases ; colorectal cancer , 1.08 -LRB- 0.75-1.55 -RRB- with 119 cases ; and hip fracture , 0.61 -LRB- 0.41-0.91 -RRB- with 102 cases . For the outcomes significantly affected by CEE , there was an absolute excess risk of 12 additional strokes per 10 000 person-years and an absolute risk reduction of 6 fewer hip fractures per 10 000 person-years . The estimated excess risk for all monitored events in the global index was a nonsignificant 2 events per 10 000 person-years . The use of CEE increases the risk of stroke , decreases the risk of hip fracture , and does not affect CHD incidence in postmenopausal women with prior hysterectomy over an average of 6.8 years . A possible reduction in breast cancer risk requires further investigation . The burden of incident disease events was equivalent in the CEE and placebo groups , indicating no overall benefit . Thus , CEE should not be recommended for chronic disease prevention in postmenopausal women . The authors describe the development and validation of the Facilitation of Patient Involvement Scale , a 9-item measure of the degree to which patients perceive that their physicians actively facilitate or encourage them to be involved in their own healthcare . They first assessed the unidimensionality of the measure , conducting
Thirty-six healthy male subjects were divided into three groups of 12 , and then randomized to one of two treatment sequences per group . Subjects received four sprays of THC/CBD -LRB- 10.8 / 10 mg -RRB- alongside single doses of the CYP3A and 2C19 inducer rifampicin -LRB- 600 mg -RRB- , CYP3A inhibitor ketoconazole -LRB- 400 mg -RRB- or CYP2C19 inhibitor omeprazole -LRB- 40 mg -RRB- . Plasma samples were analyzed for CBD , THC and its metabolite 11-hydroxy-THC -LRB- 11-OH-THC -RRB- . A single dose of four sprays of THC/CBD spray -LRB- 10.8 / 10 mg -RRB- following repeated doses of rifampicin -LRB- 600 mg -RRB- reduced the Cmax and AUC of all analytes . Ketoconazole co-administration with THC/CBD spray had the opposite effect , increasing the Cmax of the respective analytes from 2.65 to 3.36 ng/mL -LRB- +27 % -RRB- , 0.66 to 1.25 ng/mL -LRB- +89 % -RRB- and 3.59 to 10.92 ng/mL -LRB- +204 % -RRB- . THC/CBD spray was well tolerated by the study subjects both alone and in combination with rifampicin , ketoconazole and omeprazole . Evaluation of the PKs of THC/CBD spray alone and in combination with CYP450 inhibitors/inducers suggests that all analytes are substrates for the isoenzyme CYP3A4 , but not CYP2C19 . On the basis of our findings , there is likely to be little impact on other drugs metabolized by CYP enzymes on the PK parameters of THC/CBD spray , but potential effects should be taken into consideration when co-administering THC/CBD spray with compounds which share the CYP3A4 pathway such as rifampicin or ketoconazole . NCT01323465 .
Generalized anxiety disorder -LRB- GAD -RRB- is one of the most common psychiatric disorders in older adults ; however , few data exist to guide clinicians in efficacious and safe treatment . Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors -LRB- SSRIs -RRB- are efficacious for younger adults with GAD , but benefits and risks may be different in older adults . To examine the efficacy , safety , and tolerability of the SSRI escitalopram in older adults with GAD . A randomized controlled trial in primary care practices and related specialty clinics in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , of 177 participants aged 60 years or older with a principal diagnosis of GAD randomized to receive either escitalopram or placebo and conducted between January 2005 and January 2008 . Twelve weeks of 10 to 20 mg/d of escitalopram -LRB- n = 85 -RRB- or matching placebo -LRB- n = 92 -RRB- . Cumulative response defined by Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement score of much or very much improved ; time to response ; and anxiety and role functioning changes measured by the Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement scale , Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale , Penn State Worry Questionnaire , Late-Life Function and Disability Instrument activity limitations subscale , and the role-emotional impairment and social function subscales of the Medical Outcome Survey 36-item Short Form . In the primary analytic strategy in which participants -LRB- n = 33 -RRB- were censored at the time of dropout , mean cumulative response rate for escitalopram was 69 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 58 % -80 % -RRB- vs 51 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 40 % -62 % -RRB- for placebo -LRB- P = .03 -RRB- . Adverse effects of escitalopram -LRB- P < .05 vs placebo -RRB- were fatigue or somnolence -LRB- 35 patients -LSB- 41.1 % -RSB- -RRB- , sleep disturbance -LRB- 12 -LSB- 14.1 % -RSB- -RRB- , and urinary symptoms -LRB- 8 -LSB- 9.4 % -RSB- -RRB- . Older adults with GAD randomized to escitalopram had a higher cumulative response rate for improvement vs placebo over 12 weeks ; however , response rates were not significantly different using an intention-to-treat analysis . Further study is required to assess efficacy and safety over longer treatment durations . clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT00105586 .
Despite recent major advances in treating diffuse large B-cell lymphoma with dose-intense regimens and the addition of the anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody rituximab , a significant proportion of patients will experience early treatment failure , partial response , or relapse after initial chemotherapy . For more than 10 years , the standard treatment for chemosensitive relapses has been based on salvage chemotherapy followed by high-dose therapy and autologous stem cell transplantation in selected patients . However , several important questions remain : What is the best salvage regimen ? What is the efficacy of rituximab in an era when R-CHOP -LRB- rituximab plus cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin , vincristine , and prednisone -RRB- is accepted as standard care for frontline therapy ? What are the risk factors in second-line therapy ? What is the best treatment when high-dose therapy and autologous stem cell transplantation are not possible ? This article reviews all these issues and discusses new biologic therapies , with the knowledge that improvements in outcome may be achieved through a greater understanding of the biologic parameters associated with poorer prognosis . High-dose chemotherapy followed by autologous bone marrow transplantation is a therapeutic option for patients with chemotherapy-sensitive non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma who have relapses . In this report we describe a prospective randomized study of such treatment . A total of 215 patients with relapses of non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma were treated between July 1987 and June 1994 . All patients received two courses of conventional chemotherapy . The 109 patients who had a response to chemotherapy were randomly assigned to receive four courses of chemotherapy plus radiotherapy -LRB- 54 patients -RRB- or radiotherapy plus intensive chemotherapy and autologous bone marrow transplantation -LRB- 55 patients -RRB- . The overall rate of response to conventional chemotherapy was 58 percent ; among patients with relapses after chemotherapy , the response rate was 64 percent , and among those with relapses during chemotherapy , the response rate was 21 percent . There were three deaths from toxic effects among the patients in the transplantation group , and none among those in the group receiving chemotherapy without transplantation . The two groups did not differ in terms of prognostic factors . The median follow-up time was 63 months . The response rate was 84 percent after bone marrow transplantation and 44 percent after chemotherapy without transplantation . At five years , the rate of event-free survival was 46 percent in the transplantation group and 12 percent in the group receiving chemotherapy without transplantation -LRB- P = 0.001 -RRB- , and the rate of overall survival was 53 and 32 percent , respectively -LRB- P = 0.038 -RRB- . As compared with conventional chemotherapy , treatment with high-dose chemotherapy and autologous bone marrow transplantation increases event-free and overall survival in patients with chemotherapy-sensitive non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma in relapse . Salvage therapy for patients with refractory/relapsed B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma -LRB- NHL -RRB- is based on polychemotherapy , followed by high-dose therapy and autologous stem cell transplantation in eligible patients -LRB- HDT/ASCT -RRB- . R-DHAP combines rituximab with cisplatin , cytarabine , and dexamethasone . We substituted cisplatin with oxaliplatin to avoid nephrotoxicity and retrospectively analyzed a large series of 91 patients with refractory/relapsed B-cell NHL to evaluate toxicities , response rates -LRB- RRs -RRB- , and survival . Median age at R-DHAX -LRB- rituximab/dexamethasone/cytarabine / oxaliplatin -RRB- treatment was 60 years -LRB- range , 28-82 years -RRB- . Renal insufficiency was present in 18 patients . The most frequent histologic subtypes were diffuse large B-cell lymphoma -LRB- n = 42 -RRB- and follicular lymphoma -LRB- n = 30 -RRB- . Seventeen patients -LRB- 19 % -RRB- were naive to rituximab at time of R-DHAX . Grade III/IV toxicities were mainly hematologic , including anemia -LRB- n = 9 -RRB- , neutropenia -LRB- n = 44 -RRB- , and thrombocytopenia -LRB- n = 47 -RRB- . Grade I/II neurologic toxicities , sensitive or motor , were observed , and these were mainly transient except for 3 cases of motor neuropathy associated with previous exposure to vincristine . Neither renal toxicities nor degradation of previous renal insufficiency were observed . The overall RR was 75 % , with a complete RR of 57 % , with no statistical difference between patients previously treated with rituximab versus without rituximab . At a median follow-up of 23 months , 2-year probability rates of overall survival and progression-free survival were 75 % and 43 % , respectively , with a significant difference between patients treated with HDT/ASCT and patients not eligible for HDT/ASCT . R-DHAX is an efficient regimen in patients with relapsed/refractory B-cell NHL even in elderly patients if hematologic toxicities are closely managed . To assess the clinical outcome and the influence of biomarkers associated with apoptosis inhibition -LRB- Bcl-2 -RRB- , tumor proliferation -LRB- MIB-1 -RRB- , and cellular differentiation on the outcome with dose-adjusted -LRB- DA -RRB- EPOCH -LRB- etoposide , prednisone , vincristine , cyclophosphamide , and doxorubicin -RRB- plus rituximab -LRB- R -RRB- infusional therapy in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma -LRB- DLBCL -RRB- with analysis of germinal center B-cell -LRB- GCB -RRB- and post-GCB subtypes by immunohistochemistry . Phase II study of 72 patients with untreated de novo DLBCL who were at least 18 years of age and stage II or higher . Radiation consolidation was not permitted . Patients had a median age of 50 years -LRB- range , 19 to 85 -RRB- and 40 % had a high-intermediate or high International Prognostic Index -LRB- IPI -RRB- . At 5 years , progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- and overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- were 79 % and 80 % , respectively , with a median potential follow-up of 54 months . PFS was 91 % , 90 % , 67 % , and 47 % , and OS was 100 % , 90 % , 74 % , and 37 % , for 0 to 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 to 5 IPI
Hysteroscopy offers a new option in the diagnosis and management of submucus fibroids . The hysteroscopic excision of submucus fibroids in five cases is described . The problems and potentials of this approach are discussed . One hundred eighty-seven patients were evaluated and treated by hysteroscopy over a 10-year period . To assess therapeutic prognosis , these patients were classified according to the extent of uterine cavity occlusion seen on hysterosalpingography and the type of intrauterine adhesions observed at hysteroscopy . Forty-three patients had mild or filmy intrauterine adhesions , 97 had moderate or fibromuscular adhesions , and 47 patients were classified as having severe connective tissue adhesions . After hysteroscopic treatment , normal menstruation was restored in 88.2 % of patients who had menstrual abnormalities including amenorrhea , hypomenorrhea , and dysmenorrhea . Among the 187 patients , 143 women achieved pregnancy ; of those , 114 -LRB- 79.7 % -RRB- achieved a term pregnancy , 26 -LRB- 18.2 % -RRB- had a spontaneous abortion , and 3 -LRB- 2.1 % -RRB- had ectopic pregnancies . The reproductive outcome correlated with the type of adhesions and extent of uterine cavity occlusion , ranging from a term pregnancy rate of 81.3 % in patients with mild disease to 31.9 % in patients with severe disease . This review comprises 36 patients who were treated for Asherman 's syndrome from 1968 to 1974 at the Sloane Hospital for Women . Of the 18 patients who later conceived only 6 had uncomplicated term deliveries . Four had premature deliveries resulting in neonatal death . Three had placenta accreta and postpartum hemorrhage , necessitating a cesarean hysterectomy in 1 . Two patients required cesarean section for complications due to the syndrome , 2 had spontaneous abortion , and 1 had a cervical pregnancy requiring total hysterectomy . Only 10 babies survived . The incidence and severity of complications in conceptions following treatment for Asherman 's syndrome is high , and the obstetrician must be prepared to manage them . Prospective , randomized study -LRB- Canadian Task Force classification I -RRB- . Tertiary-care teaching hospital . Ninety-five women requiring resectoscopic surgery . Intervention . Hysteroscopic surgery using the resectoscope and 1.5 % glycine for uterine distention . Indications for hysteroscopy were polyps -LRB- 28 patients -RRB- , solitary myoma -LRB- 32 -RRB- , multiple myomata -LRB- 20 -RRB- , and uterine septa -LRB- 15 -RRB- . Patients in each group were randomized to endometrial suppression with danazol or placebo . Second-look office hysteroscopy with CO2 for uterine distention was performed after the first menses after surgery to assess the frequency , extent , and severity of IUA . The likelihood and severity of IUA depended on the pathology treated at initial surgery . Of women treated for polyps and uterine septa , in only one with septa -LRB- placebo group -RRB- developed IUA . Mild IUA formation was present in 10 patients -LRB- 31.3 % -RRB- with solitary fibroids and 9 -LRB- 45.5 % -RRB- with multiple myomata . The frequency was similar in placebo - and danazol-treated groups with both solitary and multiple myomas -LRB- 50 % and 44.4 % vs 50 % and 55.6 % -RRB- . All IUA were lysed during second-look surgery , except in one woman with multiple myomata who required repeat resectoscopy . Intrauterine adhesions are the major long-term complication of operative hysteroscopy , with frequency dependent on the pathology initially treated . Second-look office hysteroscopy is a cost-effective method of diagnosing and lysing IUA after resectoscopy . Patients were randomized to two different groups . Group A were randomized to hysteroscopic adhesiolysis plus intrauterine application of ACP gel -LRB- 10 ml -RRB- and group B were randomized to operative hysteroscopy alone -LRB- control group -RRB- . Baseline adhesion scores were calculated for each patient and at 3 months after surgery . Group A showed a significant decrease in intrauterine adhesions at 3 months follow-up in comparison with the control group . Staging of adhesions showed a significant decrease in adhesion severity in patients treated with ACP gel . ACP gel significantly reduces the development of intrauterine adhesions postoperatively and its use is likely to be associated with a reduction of severe adhesions . A prospective , randomized , controlled study was performed to assess the efficacy of auto-crosslinked hyaluronic acid -LRB- ACP -RRB- gel to prevent the development of de-novo intrauterine adhesions following hysteroscopic surgery . One hundred and thirty-two patients with a single surgically remediable intrauterine lesion -LRB- myomas , polyps and uterine septa , subgroups I-III -RRB- completed the study . Patients were randomized to two different groups : group A underwent hysteroscopic surgery plus intrauterine application of ACP gel -LRB- 10 ml -RRB- while group B underwent hysteroscopic surgery alone -LRB- control group -RRB- . The rate of adhesion formation and the adhesion score was calculated for each group and subgroup 3 months after surgery . Group A showed a significant reduction in the development of de-novo intrauterine adhesions at 3 months follow-up in comparison with the control group . Furthermore , the staging of adhesions showed a significant decrease in adhesion severity in patients treated with ACP gel . ACP gel significantly reduces the incidence and severity of de-novo formation of intrauterine adhesions after hysteroscopic surgery . In the last decade , advancements have been made in hysteroscopic techniques , instrumentation and indications . Vaginoscopic hysteroscopy is performed without medication , cervical dilation and use of vaginal speculum or cervical tenaculum . To prevent complications during uterine access , both misoprostol and laminaria are equally effective for cervical priming . The use of normal saline to distend the uterus prevents hyponatraemia , but hypervolaemia may still be a major problem . Irrigant fluid deficit is best monitored by automated devices . Bipolar electrosurgical systems do not require dispersive return electrodes and do not generate stray currents , thus minimizing the risk of electrical burns . Tissue debulking and extraction are facilitated by vaporizing
The frequency of cognitive deficits in multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- patients is rather high and the estimates vary between 43 % and 72 % depending on the patient samples studied as well as on the methods of cognitive assessment . Despite the great impact of cognitive dysfunction on several aspects of the quality of life , the importance of accurate assessment and rehabilitation of neuropsychological deficits in MS patients has long been ignored . We emphasize that after screening with brief assessment instruments , detailed testing of the basic target deficits is mandatory for the planning of special cognitive training programs . Second , the correlation of certain cognitive deficit patterns with important magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- variables such as total lesion area , size of the corpus callosum and specific lesion location is outlined in detail . Third , some recommendations are made with regard to general rehabilitation principles such as restitution , compensation and adaptation as well as for special rehabilitation techniques including cognitive retraining of basic deficits and/or training of activities of daily living . Finally , we emphasize that there is a need for the development of tailor-made neuropsychological rehabilitation techniques for MS patients , which take into account the course and stage of the disease as well as the specific psychosocial problems of the individual patient . This article represents initial deliberation of an international task force appointed by the US National Multiple Sclerosis Society to develop recommendations for optimal clinical assessment tools for multiple sclerosis clinical trials . Presented within this article are the key issues identified by the task force during its initial year of deliberation . These include the precise purpose for a clinical assessment tool , the clinical dimensions to be measured in a multidimensional outcome measure , desirable attributes of an optimal clinical outcome measure , the complexities of multidimensional outcome measures , the relative merits of categorical clinical ratings and quantitative functional assessments , and a number of other important design issues that relate to the use of a multidimensional outcome measure . An action plan for analysis of existing data is summarized , as are the plans for more detailed recommendations from the task force . To assess cognitive function in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome -LRB- CFS -RRB- and multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- and to evaluate the role of depressive symptoms in cognitive performance . Case-control . All subjects were given a neuropsychological battery , self-report measures of depression and fatigue , and a global cognitive impairment rating by a neuropsychologist `` blinded '' to clinical diagnosis . Patients with MS and CFS were additionally evaluated with a Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-III-R -LRB- Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , Revised Third Edition -RRB- disorders . Institutional and private neurological practices and the community at large . Twenty patients with CFS diagnosed in accord with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention-revised criteria who had cognitive complaints ; 20 patients with clinically definite MS who were ambulatory and were matched for fatigue severity , age , and education to CFS subjects ; and 20 age - and education-matched healthy controls . Patients with CFS had significantly elevated depression symptoms compared with patients with MS and healthy controls -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- and had a greater lifetime prevalence of depression and dysthymia compared with MS subjects . Patients with CFS , relative to controls , performed more poorly on the Digit Symbol subtest -LRB- P = .023 -RRB- and showed a trend for poorer performance on logical memory -LRB- P = .087 -RRB- . Patients with MS compared with controls had more widespread differences of greater magnitude on the Digit Span -LRB- P < .004 -RRB- and Digit Symbol -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- , Trail Making parts A -LRB- P = .022 -RRB- and B -LRB- P = .037 -RRB- , and Controlled Oral Word Association -LRB- P = .043 -RRB- tests . Patients with MS also showed a trend of poorer performance on the Booklet Category Test -LRB- P = .089 -RRB- . When patients with CFS and MS were directly compared , MS subjects had lower scores on all measures , but the differences reached significance only for the Digit Span measure of attention -LRB- P = .035 -RRB- . Patients with CFS compared with MS have more depressive symptoms but less cognitive impairment . Relative to controls , a subset of CFS subjects did poorly on tests of visuomotor search and on the logical memory measure of the Wechsler Memory Scale-revised . Poor performance of logical memory in CFS appears to be related to depression , while visuomotor deficits in CFS are unrelated . Cognitive deficits in patients with MS are more widespread compared with those in patients with CFS and are independent of depressive symptoms . In addition to the attention tests recommended by the Cognitive Function Study Group of the American National Multiple Sclerosis Society , a test of sustained attention was used to evaluate the role of possible fatigue on cognitive performance . The cognitively mildly deteriorated group was slower than the cognitively preserved group and the controls on all tests of attention . The mildly deteriorated group did not , however , consistently differ from the other groups in the error scores of the attention tests . The preserved group exhibited slowness at the end of the visual vigilance test , but no deficits were found on the other attention related tests in this group . It is suggested that dissociable kinds of processing slowness are the origin of the deficits found on the attention tests in the two multiple sclerosis groups . Our preserved group exhibited signs of motor and fatigue related slowness , whereas the mildly deteriorated group also had extensive cognitive slowness .
Since the introduction of breast-conserving treatment , various radiation doses after lumpectomy have been used . In a phase 3 randomised controlled trial , we investigated the effect of a radiation boost of 16 Gy on overall survival , local control , and fibrosis for patients with stage I and II breast cancer who underwent breast-conserving treatment compared with patients who received no boost . Here , we present the 20-year follow-up results . Patients with microscopically complete excision for invasive disease followed by whole-breast irradiation of 50 Gy in 5 weeks were centrally randomised -LRB- 1:1 -RRB- with a minimisation algorithm to receive 16 Gy boost or no boost , with minimisation for age , menopausal status , presence of extensive ductal carcinoma in situ , clinical tumour size , nodal status , and institution . Neither patients nor investigators were masked to treatment allocation . The primary endpoint was overall survival in the intention-to-treat population . The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT02295033 . Between May 24 , 1989 , and June 25 , 1996 , 2657 patients were randomly assigned to receive no radiation boost and 2661 patients randomly assigned to receive a radiation boost . Median follow-up was 17.2 years -LRB- IQR 13.0-19.0 -RRB- . Ipsilateral breast tumour recurrence was the first treatment failure for 354 patients -LRB- 13 % -RRB- in the no boost group versus 237 patients -LRB- 9 % -RRB- in the boost group , HR 0.65 -LRB- 99 % CI 0.52-0.81 , p < 0.0001 -RRB- . The 20-year cumulative incidence of ipsilatelal breast tumour recurrence was 16.4 % -LRB- 99 % CI 14.1-18.8 -RRB- in the no boost group versus 12.0 % -LRB- 9.8-14.4 -RRB- in the boost group . Mastectomies as first salvage treatment for ipsilateral breast tumour recurrence occurred in 279 -LRB- 79 % -RRB- of 354 patients in the no boost group versus 178 -LRB- 75 % -RRB- of 237 in the boost group . The cumulative incidence of severe fibrosis at 20 years was 1.8 % -LRB- 99 % CI 1.1-2.5 -RRB- in the no boost group versus 5.2 % -LRB- 99 % CI 3.9-6.4 -RRB- in the boost group -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- . The extra radiation dose can be avoided in most patients older than age 60 years . Fonds Cancer , Belgium . To investigate the long-term impact of pathologic characteristics and an extra boost dose of 16 Gy on local relapse , for stage I and II invasive breast cancer patients treated with breast conserving therapy -LRB- BCT -RRB- . In the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer boost versus no boost trial , after whole breast irradiation , patients with microscopically complete excision of invasive tumor , were randomly assigned to receive or not an extra boost dose of 16 Gy . For a subset of 1,616 patients central pathology review was performed . The 10-year cumulative risk of local breast cancer relapse as a first event was not significantly influenced if the margin was scored negative , close or positive for invasive tumor or ductal carcinoma in situ according to central pathology review -LRB- log-rank P = .45 and P = .57 , respectively -RRB- . In multivariate analysis , high-grade invasive ductal carcinoma was associated with an increased risk of local relapse -LRB- P = .026 ; hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- , 1.67 -RRB- , as was age younger than 50 years -LRB- P < .0001 ; HR , 2.38 -RRB- . The boost dose of 16 Gy significantly reduced the local relapse rate -LRB- P = .0006 ; HR , 0.47 -RRB- . For patients younger than 50 years old and in patients with high grade invasive ductal carcinoma , the boost dose reduced the local relapse from 19.4 % to 11.4 % -LRB- P = .0046 ; HR , 0.51 -RRB- and from 18.9 % to 8.6 % -LRB- P = .01 ; HR , 0.42 -RRB- , respectively . Young age and high-grade invasive ductal cancer were the most important risk factors for local relapse , while margin status had no significant influence . A boost dose of 16 Gy significantly reduced the negative effects of both young age and high-grade invasive cancer .
We sought to investigate whether high platelet reactivity affects clinical outcomes of patients with drug eluting stents -LRB- DESs -RRB- implantation . All enrolled individuals treated with DESs implantation were evaluated by PL-11 , using sequentially platelet counting method . The secondary endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events -LRB- MACCE -RRB- , including all cause death , spontaneous myocardial infarction -LRB- MI -RRB- , target vessel revascularization -LRB- TVR -RRB- , and ischemic stroke . A total of 1331consecutive patients were enrolled at our center . There were 91 patients -LRB- 6.8 % -RRB- identified with high platelet reactivity -LRB- HPR -RRB- on aspirin , and 437 patients -LRB- 32.9 % -RRB- with HPR on clopidogrel . At 2-year follow-up , the incidence of stent thrombosis was significantly higher in patients with HPR on aspirin -LRB- 9.9 % vs. 0.4 % , p < 0.001 -RRB- , and HPR on clopidogrel -LRB- 3.0 % vs. 0.1 % , p < 0.001 -RRB- . There were increased MACCE in the HPR on aspirin group -LRB- 16.5 % vs. 8.5 % , p = 0.021 -RRB- , mainly driven by the higher all cause death -LRB- 7.7 % vs. 1.6 % , p = 0.002 -RRB- and MI -LRB- 9.9 % vs. 1.9 % , p < 0.001 -RRB- in the HPR on aspirin group . Similarly , the rate of MACCE was higher in the HPR on clopidogrel group -LRB- 12.4 % vs. 7.4 % , p = 0.004 -RRB- .
Test to determine if iontophoresis and electroporation , alone or in combination , can be used for rapid and modulated delivery of fentanyl . Fentanyl citrate -LRB- 5 mg/ml -RRB- dissolved in pH 4.0 citrate buffer was delivered in vitro across human epidermis . For iontophoresis . a current of 0.5 mA/cm2 was applied for 5 h , using silver/silver chloride electrodes . Electroporation protocol consisted of applying 15 exponential pulses of 500V -LRB- applied voltage -RRB- and 200 msec duration at the rate of 1 pulse per minute at time zero and , in some cases , repeating at 1.5 and 2.5 h . There was no measurable permeation of fentanyl through human epidermis under passive conditions . A significant flux -LRB- about 80 microg/cm2-hr -RRB- was achieved using iontophoresis and decreased once the current was turned off . A 4-fold higher flux and shorter lag time was observed with electroporation as compared to iontophoresis . The flux was found to recover quickly -LRB- within 1 h -RRB- following pulsing . Modulation of transdermal delivery of fentanyl was demonstrated by both iontophoresis and electroporation . Electrically assisted transdermal delivery of fentanyl significantly increased transport compared to passive delivery . Also , rapid and modulated delivery was shown to be feasible by programming the electrical parameters . Light and electron microscopy were performed in a study of the effects of electrical stimulation upon the reparative processes in flexor tendons cultured in vitro . After one or two weeks of incubation , the unstimulated control tendons were covered with fibroblastic surface cells , thought to have originated from the epitenon . The results indicate that electrical currents of low amperage suppress adhesion-causing synovial proliferation in the epitenon and promote active collagen synthesis in the tenocytes . This suggests the potential value of electrical stimulation in the control of adhesion formation after flexor tendon repair . The composition and architecture of the stratum corneum render it a formidable barrier to the topical and transdermal administration of therapeutic agents . The physicochemical constraints severely limit the number of molecules that can be considered as realistic candidates for transdermal delivery . Iontophoresis provides a mechanism to enhance the penetration of hydrophilic and charged molecules across the skin . The principal distinguishing feature is the control afforded by iontophoresis and the ability to individualize therapies . This may become significant as the impact of interindividual variations in protein expression and the effect on drug metabolism and drug efficacy is better understood . In this review we describe the underlying mechanisms that drive iontophoresis and we discuss the impact of key experimental parameters-namely , drug concentration , applied current and pH-on iontophoretic delivery efficiency . We present a comprehensive and critical review of the different therapeutic classes and molecules that have been investigated as potential candidates for iontophoretic delivery . The iontophoretic delivery of peptides and proteins is also discussed . In the final section , we describe the development of the first pre-filled , pre-programmed iontophoretic device , which is scheduled to be commercialized during the course of 2004 . Pharmacokinetic assessment of drug tissue permeation following iontophoresis is limited . The depth of ketoprofen tissue permeation following cathodic iontophoresis -LRB- 4 mA , 40 minutes -RRB- and the stereoselectivity of drug delivery were examined in this study . Ketoprofen -LRB- 750 mg -RRB- was iontophoresed onto one porcine medial thigh , with passive drug permeation conducted on the other thigh . Skin , subcutaneous fascia , and muscle biopsies from the drug delivery sites were harvested and stored separately , and the `` R '' and `` S '' ketoprofen enantiomers were determined . Iontophoretic and passive applications yielded equivalent total ketoprofen concentrations in the skin and fascia . In contrast , multivariate analysis demonstrated that the ketoprofen concentration in the first centimeter of muscle following iontophoresis was greater than the drug concentration in the deeper underlying muscle layers and greater than that delivered to any muscle layer following passive delivery . No transcutaneous stereoselective delivery -RRB- of ketoprofen was detected . Compared with passive delivery , iontophoresis enhances nonstereoselective ketoprofen permeation into the fascia-muscle interface . With delivery to deeper tissue sites , however , there is no apparent enhancement over passive application . There have been many attempts to define the key relationships between passive drug diffusion across the skin and the molecular and physicochemical properties of the permeant . At the present time , the importance of lipophilicity -LRB- or hydrogen bond donor and acceptor properties -RRB- and of molecular volume are well established , and useful predictive relationships for passive percutaneous permeability exist . With respect to iontophoresis , on the other hand , the situation is far less clear and the mechanisms involved have not been completely defined . The roles of electromigration and electroosmosis -LRB- current-induced convective solvent flow -RRB- are now beginning to be understood and experimentally separated . In turn , this allows the manner in which certain physicochemical parameters influence the efficiency of drug electrotransport to be deduced . An initial examination of a database drawn from the literature and from our own work -LRB- for which the experimental conditions employed were reasonably constant -RRB- suggests a rather sharp dependence of cationic drug delivery via electromigration upon molecular size . We suggest that the analysis reveals useful paths for further investigation .
Fatigue is a major complaint among cancer patients , yet it is unknown whether cancer-related fatigue experienced during the day relates to sleep/wake cycles or to the quality and quantity of sleep obtained at night . Although it is not well defined or well understood at present , cancer-related fatigue is generally regarded as a form of tiredness that does not improve following rest or sleep . Objectively recorded sleep and biological rhythms have not been well investigated in these patients , but it appears that most cancer patients may in fact not be getting a good night 's sleep . Evidence is accumulating that sleep is often disturbed in cancer patients , probably owing to a variety of causes . We posit that some degree of cancer-related fatigue experienced during the day may relate to sleep/wake cycles or to the quality and quantity of sleep obtained at night . Different components or dimensions of fatigue -LRB- physical , attentional/cognitive , emotional/affective , etc. -RRB- are probably associated in some way with disrupted sleep and desynchronized sleep/wake rhythms . In cancer patients , as in other medically ill patients , sleep that is inadequate or unrefreshing may be important not only to the expression of fatigue , but to the patients ' quality of life and their tolerance to treatment , and may influence the development of mood disorders and clinical depression . This review summarizes the state of the literature on fatigue , sleep and circadian rhythms . Fibromyalgia -LRB- FM -RRB- is a non-inflammatory rheumatologic disorder characterized by musculoskeletal pain , fatigue , depression , cognitive dysfunction and sleep disturbance . Research suggests that autonomic dysfunction may account for some of the symptomatology of FM . An open label trial of biofeedback training was conducted to manipulate suboptimal heart rate variability -LRB- HRV -RRB- , a key marker of autonomic dysfunction . They were taught to breathe at their resonant frequency -LRB- RF -RRB- and asked to practice twice daily . At sessions 1 , 10 and 3-month follow-up , physiological and questionnaire data were collected . There were clinically significant decreases in depression and pain and improvement in functioning from Session 1 to a 3-month follow-up . For depression , the improvement occurred by Session 10 . HRV and blood pressure variability -LRB- BPV -RRB- increased during biofeedback tasks . HRV increased from Sessions 1-10 , while BPV decreased from Session 1 to the 3 month follow-up . These data suggest that HRV biofeedback may be a useful treatment for FM , perhaps mediated by autonomic changes . While HRV effects were immediate , blood pressure , baroreflex , and therapeutic effects were delayed . This is consistent with data on the relationship among stress , HPA axis activity , and brain function . This study examined the effectiveness of a portable Respiratory Sinus Arrhythmia -LRB- RSA -RRB- biofeedback device as an adjunct to CBT in persons with anxiety disorders and other disorders associated with autonomic dysfunction attending outpatient treatment . Participants were 24 individuals attending outpatient cognitive behavioral treatment for a range of anxiety disorders . Participants were assessed over a 3 week period . Outcomes included measures of anxiety -LRB- STAI-Y -RRB- , sleep disturbances -LRB- PSQI -RRB- , anger -LRB- STAEI -RRB- , and subjective questions about the effectiveness of the device as a treatment adjunct . Significant reductions were found for anxiety and anger and for certain sleep variables -LRB- e.g. sleep latency -RRB- . There was a significant dos-effect in that those who were more compliant had significantly greater reductions in most domains including sleep , anger and trait anxiety . Overall , participants found the device more helpful than other relaxation techniques such as mediation , yoga and unassisted breathing techniques but less helpful than exercise . The most frequently endorsed side effects were dizziness -LRB- 15 % -RRB- and sleepiness -LRB- 55 % -RRB- . These preliminary results suggest that portable RSA biofeedback appears to be a promising treatment adjunct for disorders of autonomic arousal and is easily integrated into treatment . Results support the need for further investigation with more rigorous experimental designs .
To augment and broaden the body of evidence in the AHRQ report , the AUA conducted supplementary searches for articles published from 2007 through 2012 that were systematically reviewed using a methodology developed a priori . In total , these sources yielded 46 studies that were used to form evidence-based guideline statements . In the absence of sufficient evidence , additional statements were developed as Clinical Principles and Expert Opinions . Guideline statements were created to inform clinicians regarding the use of a screening evaluation for first-time and recurrent stone formers , the appropriate initiation of a metabolic evaluation in select patients and recommendations for the initiation and follow-up of medication and/or dietary measures in specific patients . A variety of medications and dietary measures have been evaluated with greater or less rigor for their efficacy in reducing recurrence rates in stone formers . The guideline statements offered in this document provide a simple , evidence-based approach to identify high-risk or interested stone-forming patients for whom medical and dietary therapy based on metabolic testing and close follow-up is likely to be effective in reducing stone recurrence . Dietary factors have been shown to influence urine composition and modulate the risk of kidney stone disease . With the rising prevalence of stone disease in many industrialized nations , dietary modification as therapy to improve lithogenic risk factors and prevent stone recurrence has gained appeal , as it is both relatively inexpensive and safe . While some dietary measures , such as a high fluid intake , have been shown in long-term randomized clinical trials to have durable effectiveness , other dietary factors have been subjected to only short-term clinical or metabolic studies and their efficacy has been inferred . Herein , we review the current literature regarding the role of diet in stone formation , focusing on both the effect on urinary stone risk factors and the effect on stone recurrence . To assess urologists ' practice patterns and beliefs about dietary therapy for stone prevention . Dietary therapy is offered to stone formers -LRB- SFs -RRB- by a subset of urologists . While some may involve a registered dietitian -LRB- RD -RRB- to provide medical nutrition therapy -LRB- MNT -RRB- , most do not as MNT is Medicare-covered only for diabetes and chronic kidney disease . An investigator-created survey was distributed to assess Endourological Society members ' opinions , confidence , and practices regarding nutrition therapy . Respondents -LRB- n = 217 -RRB- practice largely in academic , hospital/clinic , and private settings . Most -LRB- 82 % -RRB- felt dietary therapy should be provided regardless of the number of stone events . Time spent with SFs for nutrition varied from ≤ 4 to ≥ 10 minutes -LRB- 31 % and 23 % -RRB- with 64 % feeling this to be insufficient time . Of urologists providing counseling , 58 % assess their patients ' diets . Self-confidence in determining dietary contributors to risk factors and in quantifying intake of foods/nutrients varied -LRB- range 45 % -82 % -RRB- . Most -LRB- 76 % -RRB- said they would like another provider to give recommendations ; 23 % partner with an RD to do so . Urologists are interested in dietary stone prevention , despite the fact that the majority have inadequate time to provide it . We identified areas of educational need , specifically , quantifying patients ' intake of certain foods/nutrients and identifying whether stone risk factors are diet related . Urologists ' skill gaps are precisely the strengths of RDs , and thus , a partnership between RDs and urologists could be beneficial . Patients are often bombarded with information from the internet , family , friends , and television about what is good and bad for their bones-particularly in the area of diet and nutrition . Although some information is valid and evidence based , much is not . Patients often believe that adequate nutrition alone is enough to improve bone density and decrease fragility fracture risk . Although calcium and vitamin D remain the mainstays of medical nutrition therapy , many patients are not receiving adequate counseling on how to get the right amounts of these 2 nutrients and may not understand that calcium and vitamin D are but 2 of many factors in this multifactorial disease . Clinicians must listen carefully to their patients ' concerns , beliefs , and questions and help them develop a personalized plan to achieve their daily calcium and vitamin D intakes . Clinicians must stay apprised of the recent research in nutrition and bone health and evaluate the evidence to adequately educate their patients . In our published randomized trial in colorectal cancer , group 1 -LRB- n = 37 -RRB- received individualized nutritional counseling and education about regular foods , group 2 -LRB- n = 37 -RRB- received dietary supplements and consumed their usual diet of regular foods , and group 3 -LRB- n = 37 -RRB- consumed their usual diet of regular foods . Neither group 2 nor group 3 received individualized counseling . Early nutritional counseling during radiotherapy was highly effective at reducing acute radiotherapy toxicity and improving nutritional intake/status and quality of life -LRB- QoL -RRB- . Efficacy persisted for 3 mo after the intervention . The objective was to perform long-term follow-up in survivors of that clinical trial to specifically evaluate survival , late toxicity , QoL , and nutritional variables . Medical data were collected from patients ' records , and prescheduled interviews were conducted by dietitians for individualized evaluations . Analyses and comparisons between groups -LRB- adjusted for stage -RRB- were performed after a median follow-up of 6.5 -LRB- range : 4.9-8.1 -RRB- y. Patients complied with the Radiotherapy Department 's follow-up protocol . Nutritional deterioration was higher -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- in group 3 -LRB- n = 26 -RRB- and group 2 -LRB- n = 29 -RRB- than in group 1 -LRB- n = 34 -RRB- . Adequate nutritional status
To evaluate the ability of diacerein , an interleukin-1beta inhibitor , to slow the progressive decrease in joint space width observed in patients with hip osteoarthritis -LRB- OA -RRB- . In this randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled 3-year study , 507 patients with primary OA of the hip -LRB- by the American College of Rheumatology criteria -RRB- received diacerein -LRB- 50 mg twice a day -RRB- or placebo . Baseline characteristics were comparable in the 2 treatment groups -LRB- 255 patients receiving diacerein , 252 receiving placebo -RRB- ; 238 patients -LRB- 47 % -RRB- discontinued the study , mainly because of adverse events in the diacerein group -LRB- 25 % versus 12 % with placebo -RRB- and because of inefficacy in the placebo group -LRB- 14 % versus 7 % with diacerein -RRB- . In those patients who completed 3 years of treatment , the rate of joint space narrowing was significantly lower with diacerein -LRB- mean + / - SD 0.18 + / - 0.25 mm/year versus 0.23 + / - 0.23 mm/year with placebo ; P = 0.042 -RRB- . Diacerein had no evident effect on the symptoms of OA in this study . However , a post hoc covariate analysis that took into account the use of analgesics and antiinflammatory drugs showed an effect of diacerein on the Lequesne functional index . Diacerein was well tolerated during the 3-year study . The most frequent adverse events were transient changes in bowel habits . This study confirms previous clinical findings indicating that the demonstration of a structure-modifying effect in hip OA is feasible , and shows , for the first time , that treatment with diacerein for 3 years has a significant structure-modifying effect as compared with placebo , coupled with a good safety profile . The clinical relevance of these findings requires further investigation .
The present study determined whether late-ischemia/early reperfusion therapy with the β -LRB- 1 -RRB- - adrenergic receptor -LRB- AR -RRB- blocker esmolol and phosphodiesterase III inhibitor milrinone reduced left ventricular -LRB- LV -RRB- myocardial infarct size -LRB- IS -RRB- . In an ischemia/reperfusion rat model -LRB- 30-min ischemia/4-hr reperfusion -RRB- , esmolol , milrinone or esmolol + milrinone were intravenous -LRB- IV -RRB- infused over 10 min -LRB- from the last 5 min of ischemia to the first 5 min of reperfusion -RRB- . LV-IS were 48.9 ± 8.9 % , 41.5 ± 5.4 % , 25.8 ± 7.7 % and 16.8 ± 7.3 % for saline , esmolol , milrinone , and esmolol + milrinone , respectively -LRB- n = 12/group -RRB- . Esmolol + milrinone further reduced LV-IS compared with esmolol or milrinone alone -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . LV-IS-reduction induced by esmolol + milrinone was eliminated in the presence of protein kinase A - -LRB- PKA -RRB- - inhibitor -LRB- Rp-cAMPS -RRB- or Akt-inhibitor -LRB- AKT 1/2 kinase inhibitor -RRB- . In mixed rat ventricular cardiomyocyte cultures , intra-ischemic application of esmolol , milrinone or esmolol + milrinone reduced myocyte death rates by 5.5 % , 13.3 % , and 16.8 % , respectively , compared with saline -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- . This cell protective effect by esmolol + milrinone was abrogated in the presence of PKA-inhibitor or Akt-inhibitor . Esmolol , milrinone or esmolol + milrinone increased myocardial PKA activity by 22 % , 28 % and 59 % , respectively , compared with saline -LRB- n = 6 , p < 0.01 -RRB- . No non-specific adverse effect of Rp-cAMPS on myocytes was identified in a purified myocyte preparation during hypoxia/re-oxygenation . Antiapoptotic pathways were assessed by measuring myocardial phosphorylated Akt -LRB- pAkt -RRB- levels combined with terminal dUTP nick-end labelling staining analysis . Ten minutes following infusion of esmolol , milrinone or esmolol + milrinone , there were 1.7 - , 2.7 - , and 6-fold increase in tissue pAkt levels , respectively . This esmolol + milrinone induced pAkt activation was abolished in the presence of PKA inhibitor . Ischemia/reperfusion injury remains an untreated clinical problem in patients with acute myocardial infarction -LRB- AMI -RRB- despite significant advances in emergent revascularization through percutaneous coronary intervention -LRB- PCI -RRB- . Pharmacological intervention for infarct size reduction is unavailable . We have identified that the medications milrinone and esmolol , when administered together at the beginning of the reperfusion , significantly decrease infarct size via reducing reperfusion injury in an experimental model . The present study tested the safety of combination therapy of milrinone and esmolol -LRB- M + E -RRB- in patients with AMI . Sixteen subjects with AMI requiring PCI were consecutively recruited . M + E was intravenously infused simultaneously for 10 min started at 5 min before anticipated angioplasty balloon inflation . Another 16 consecutively recruited AMI patients requiring PCI served as a placebo arm treated per routine clinical protocol . Blood pressure -LRB- BP -RRB- and heart rate -LRB- HR -RRB- were monitored continuously during PCI . M + E combination therapy resulted in a trend of non-significant reduction in BP compared with a control group . There was a modest but significant increase in HR at the later phase of M + E infusion compared with a control group . No significant cardiac arrhythmia was induced during M + E infusion . The combination therapy with M + E produces a minimal change in hemodynamics and appears safe as an adjunctive therapy to PCI in AMI patients .
Trefoil factors -LRB- TFFs -RRB- are secreted molecules that are involved in cytoprotection against tissue damage and the immune response . TFFs have been detected in saliva and oral tissues , but their clinical significance has never been investigated in patients with chronic periodontitis . Saliva and gingival tissue samples were collected from 25 non-periodontitis individuals and 25 patients with chronic periodontitis -LRB- CP -RRB- . Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and immunohistochemical methods were used to evaluate the expression of TFFs -LRB- TFF1 , TFF2 , and TFF3 -RRB- in saliva and gingival tissues , respectively . Periodontopathic bacteria were quantified by real-time polymerase chain reaction . Decreased TFF3 expression in gingival tissues of patients with CP was demonstrated -LRB- P = 0.041 -RRB- . Levels of salivary TFF3 concentrations were negatively correlated with periodontal pathology and number of Porphyromonas gingivalis and Tannerella forsythia -LRB- formerly known as Bacteroides forsythus -RRB- . Altered expression of TFFs in saliva and gingival tissues was detected in patients with CP . The results suggest that TFF3 may be involved in the pathogenesis of periodontal disease . This study examined the expression , in oral keratinocytes and in the major and minor salivary glands , of Trefoil factor family 3 -LRB- TFF3 -RRB- peptide . Trefoil factor family 3 messenger RNA -LRB- mRNA -RRB- and peptide were detected in cultures of normal oral keratinocytes by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction -LRB- PCR -RRB- and western blotting , respectively . Trefoil factor family 3 was found , by immunohistochemical analyses , to be expressed in the basal layers of the oral mucosal epithelium . In salivary glands , immunohistochemical staining showed that TFF3 peptide expression was strongest in the mucous acini of the submandibular and the small salivary glands . Serous cells in the same glands showed weak staining . In the parotid gland , many serous acini showed weak positive staining , while other areas did not . In all glands examined , the intercalated , striated , and collecting ducts were moderately TFF3-positive . Double immunostaining confirmed that mucous -LRB- MUC5B positive -RRB- cells were moderately or strongly positive for TFF3 and that some serous -LRB- MUC7 positive -RRB- cells showed restricted TFF3 expression , mostly in a granular pattern . The prevalence of the TFF3 peptide in the salivary secretions of healthy volunteers was detected by western blotting of saliva from minor salivary glands -LRB- four of five -RRB- and the parotid gland -LRB- one of five -RRB- and of mixed submandibular/sublingual saliva -LRB- five of five -RRB- .
To compare the effectiveness of biofeedback-assisted behavioral treatment with drug treatment and a placebo control condition for the treatment of urge and mixed urinary incontinence in older community-dwelling women . Randomized placebo-controlled trial conducted from 1989 to 1995 . University-based outpatient geriatric medicine clinic . A volunteer sample of 197 women aged 55 to 92 years with urge urinary incontinence or mixed incontinence with urge as the predominant pattern . Subjects had to have urodynamic evidence of bladder dysfunction , be ambulatory , and not have dementia . Subjects were randomized to 4 sessions -LRB- 8 weeks -RRB- of biofeedback-assisted behavioral treatment , drug treatment -LRB- with oxybutynin chloride , possible range of doses , 2.5 mg daily to 5.0 mg 3 times daily -RRB- , or a placebo control condition . Reduction in the frequency of incontinent episodes as determined by bladder diaries , and patients ' perceptions of improvement and their comfort and satisfaction with treatment . For all 3 treatment groups , reduction of incontinence was most pronounced early in treatment and progressed more gradually thereafter . Only 14.0 % of patients receiving behavioral treatment wanted to change to another treatment vs 75.5 % in each of the other groups .
Pelvic organ prolapse may occur in up to 50 % of parous women . A variety of urinary , bowel and sexual symptoms may be associated with the prolapse . To determine the effects of the many different surgeries used in the management of pelvic organ prolapse . We searched the Cochrane Incontinence Group Specialised Register -LRB- 9 February 2009 -RRB- and reference lists of relevant articles . We also contacted researchers in the field . Randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials that included surgical operations for pelvic organ prolapse . Trials were assessed and data extracted independently by two review authors . Six investigators were contacted for additional information with five responding . Forty randomised controlled trials were identified evaluating 3773 women . Abdominal sacral colpopexy was better than vaginal sacrospinous colpopexy in terms of a lower rate of recurrent vault prolapse -LRB- RR 0.23 , 95 % CI 0.07 to 0.77 -RRB- and less dyspareunia -LRB- RR 0.39 , 95 % CI 0.18 to 0.86 -RRB- . However there was no statistically significant difference in re-operation rates for prolapse -LRB- RR 0.46 , 95 % CI 0.19 to 1.11 -RRB- . The vaginal sacrospinous colpopexy was quicker and cheaper to perform and women had an earlier return to activities of daily living . The three trials contributing to this analysis were clinically heterogeneous.For anterior vaginal wall prolapse , standard anterior repair was associated with more recurrent cystoceles than when supplemented with a polyglactin mesh inlay -LRB- RR 1.39 , 95 % CI 1.02 to 1.90 -RRB- or porcine dermis mesh inlay -LRB- RR 2.72 , 95 % CI 1.20 to 6.14 -RRB- ; but data on morbidity and other clinical outcomes were lacking . Standard anterior repair was associated with more anterior compartment failures on examination than for polypropylene mesh repair as an overlay -LRB- RR 2.14 , 95 % CI 1.23 to 3.74 -RRB- or armed transobturator mesh -LRB- RR 3.55 , 95 % CI 2.29 to 5.51 -RRB- . Data relating to polypropylene mesh overlay were extracted from conference abstracts without any peer reviewed manuscripts available and should be interpreted with caution . Blood loss with transobturator meshes was significantly higher than for native tissue anterior repair . Mesh erosions were reported in 10 % -LRB- 30/293 -RRB- of anterior repairs with polypropylene mesh.For posterior vaginal wall prolapse , the vaginal approach was associated with a lower rate of recurrent rectocele or enterocele , or both , than the transanal approach -LRB- RR 0.24 , 95 % CI 0.09 to 0.64 -RRB- ; although there was a higher blood loss and post-operative narcotic use . No data exist on efficacy or otherwise of polypropylene mesh in the posterior vaginal compartment.Meta-analysis on the impact of continence surgery at the time of prolapse surgery was performed with data from seven studies . Continence surgery at the time of prolapse surgery in continent women did not significantly reduce the rate of post-operative stress urinary incontinence -LRB- RR 1.39 , 95 % CI 0.53 to 3.70 ; random-effects model -RRB- . Abdominal sacral colpopexy was associated with a lower rate of recurrent vault prolapse and dyspareunia than with vaginal sacrospinous colpopexy . These benefits must be balanced against a longer operating time , longer time to return to activities of daily living and increased cost of the abdominal approach . The use of mesh or graft inlays at the time of anterior vaginal wall repair reduces the risk of recurrent anterior wall prolapse , on examination . Posterior vaginal wall repair may be better than transanal repair in the management of rectoceles in terms of recurrence of prolapse . The value of the addition of a continence procedure to a prolapse repair operation in women who are dry before operation remains to be assessed . Adequately powered randomised controlled clinical trials are urgently needed on a wide variety of issues and particularly need to include women 's perceptions of prolapse symptoms . Our aim was to assess current demand for care of pelvic floor disorders and create projections for future demand for care . We also sought to better understand the characteristics of women seeking care . Current demand for care was calculated by comparing those women seeking care through the female pelvic floor disorders clinic with those women of the same age range at risk within an integrated health care delivery program . Patients underwent complete urogynecologic evaluation including cystometry . Women seeking care were compared with regard to age , distribution of conditions -LRB- pelvic organ prolapse , stress conditions , urge conditions -RRB- , and probability of undergoing surgery . Modeling the study population by use of data from the US Census Bureau , which projects population changes over the next 30 years , created predictions of future demand . Data were available on 2070 consecutive patients with an age range of 30 to 89 years normally distributed around a median age of 61.5 years drawn from an at-risk population of 149,000 women aged 30 to 89 years . Estimates of growth in demand at 30 years indicate a 45 % increase in demand while net growth of the same population segment should be 22 % . Stress conditions were more common among younger women and urge conditions were more common among older women . Pelvic organ prolapse was equally distributed throughout the age ranges . Over the next 30 years , growth in demand for services to care for female pelvic floor disorders will increase at twice the rate of growth of the same population . Demand for care for pelvic floor disorders comes from a wide age range of women , although mature age groups generate 10 times the number of consults per 1000 woman years as do their younger counterparts . Age plays a major role in the distribution of conditions with which patients present . These findings have broad implications for those responsible for administering programs to care for women , allocating research funds
Histamine is a biogenic amine that occurs to various degrees in many foods . In healthy persons , dietary histamine can be rapidly detoxified by amine oxidases , whereas persons with low amine oxidase activity are at risk of histamine toxicity . Diamine oxidase -LRB- DAO -RRB- is the main enzyme for the metabolism of ingested histamine . It has been proposed that DAO , when functioning as a secretory protein , may be responsible for scavenging extracellular histamine after mediator release . Conversely , histamine N-methyltransferase , the other important enzyme inactivating histamine , is a cytosolic protein that can convert histamine only in the intracellular space of cells . The ingestion of histamine-rich food or of alcohol or drugs that release histamine or block DAO may provoke diarrhea , headache , rhinoconjunctival symptoms , asthma , hypotension , arrhythmia , urticaria , pruritus , flushing , and other conditions in patients with histamine intolerance . However , because of the multifaceted nature of the symptoms , the existence of histamine intolerance has been underestimated , and further studies based on double-blind , placebo-controlled provocations are needed .
Several clinical studies on major depressive disorder -LRB- MDD -RRB- have shown that blood brain-derived neurotrophic factor -LRB- BDNF -RRB- - a factor used to index neuroplasticity - is associated with depression response ; however , the results are mixed . The purpose of our study was to evaluate whether BDNF levels are correlated with improvement of depression . We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature , searching Medline , Cochrane Central , SciELO databases and reference lists from retrieved articles for clinical studies comparing mean BDNF blood levels in depressed patients pre - and post-antidepressant treatments or comparing depressed patients with healthy controls . Twenty articles , including 1504 subjects , met our inclusion criteria . The results showed that BDNF levels increased significantly after antidepressant treatment -LRB- effect size 0.62 , 95 % CI 0.36-0.88 , random effects model -RRB- . In addition , there was a significant correlation between changes in BDNF level and depression scores changes -LRB- p = 0.02 -RRB- . Moreover , the results were robust according to the sensitivity analysis and Begg 's funnel plot results did not suggest publication bias . Finally , there was a difference between pre-treatment patients and healthy controls -LRB- effect size 0.91 , 95 % CI 0.70-1.11 -RRB- and a small but significant difference between treated patients and healthy controls -LRB- effect size 0.34 , 95 % CI 0.02-0.66 -RRB- . Our results show that BDNF levels are associated with clinical changes in depression ; supporting the notion that depression improvement is associated with neuroplastic changes . Brain-derived neurotrophic factor -LRB- BDNF -RRB- modulates hippocampal plasticity and hippocampal-dependent memory in cell models and in animals . We examined the effects of a valine -LRB- val -RRB- to methionine -LRB- met -RRB- substitution in the 5 ' pro-region of the human BDNF protein . Neurons transfected with met-BDNF-GFP showed lower depolarization-induced secretion , while constitutive secretion was unchanged . Furthermore , met-BDNF-GFP failed to localize to secretory granules or synapses . These results demonstrate a role for BDNF and its val/met polymorphism in human memory and hippocampal function and suggest val/met exerts these effects by impacting intracellular trafficking and activity-dependent secretion of BDNF .
Multicentric Castleman 's disease describes a group of poorly understood lymphoproliferative disorders driven by proinflammatory hypercytokinaemia . Patients have heterogeneous clinical features , characteristic lymph node histopathology , and often deadly multiple organ dysfunction . Human herpesvirus 8 -LRB- HHV8 -RRB- causes multicentric Castleman 's disease in immunosuppressed patients . The cause of HHV8-negative multicentric Castleman 's disease is idiopathic ; such cases are called idiopathic multicentric Castleman 's disease . An absence of centralised information about idiopathic multicentric Castleman 's disease represents a major challenge for clinicians and researchers . We aimed to characterise clinical features of , treatments for , and outcomes of idiopathic multicentric Castleman 's disease . We did a systematic literature review and searched PubMed , the Cochrane database , and ClinicalTrials.gov from January , 1995 , with keywords including `` Castleman 's disease '' and `` giant lymph node hyperplasia '' . Inclusion criteria were pathology-confirmed Castleman 's disease in multiple nodes and minimum clinical and treatment information on individual patients . Patients with HHV8 or HIV infection or diseases known to cause Castleman-like histopathology were excluded . Our search identified 626 -LRB- 33 % -RRB- patients with HHV8-negative multicentric Castleman 's disease from 1923 cases of multicentric Castleman 's disease . 128 patients with idiopathic multicentric Castleman 's disease met all inclusion criteria for the systematic review . Furthermore , aggregated data for 127 patients with idiopathic multicentric Castleman 's disease were presented from clinical trials , which were excluded from primary analyses because patient-level data were not available . Clinical features of idiopathic multicentric Castleman 's disease included multicentric lymphadenopathy -LRB- 128/128 -RRB- , anaemia -LRB- 79/91 -RRB- , elevated C-reactive protein -LRB- 65/79 -RRB- , hypergammaglobulinaemia -LRB- 63/82 -RRB- , hypoalbuminaemia -LRB- 57/63 -RRB- , elevated interleukin 6 -LRB- 57/63 -RRB- , hepatomegaly or splenomegaly -LRB- 52/67 -RRB- , fever -LRB- 33/64 -RRB- , oedema , ascites , anasarca , or a combination -LRB- 29/37 -RRB- , elevated soluble interleukin 2 receptor -LRB- 20/21 -RRB- , and elevated VEGF -LRB- 16/20 -RRB- . First-line treatments for idiopathic multicentric Castleman 's disease included corticosteroids -LRB- 47/128 -LSB- 37 % -RSB- -RRB- , cytotoxic chemotherapy -LRB- 47/128 -LSB- 37 % -RSB- -RRB- , and anti-interleukin 6 therapy -LRB- 11/128 -LSB- 9 % -RSB- -RRB- . Our systematic review provides comprehensive information about clinical features , treatment , and outcomes of idiopathic multicentric Castleman 's disease , which accounts for at least 33 % of all cases of multicentric Castleman 's disease . Our findings will assist with prompt recognition , diagnostic criteria development , and effective management of the disease . None . Multicentric Castleman 's disease -LRB- MCD -RRB- describes a heterogeneous group of disorders involving proliferation of morphologically benign lymphocytes due to excessive proinflammatory hypercytokinemia , most notably of interleukin-6 . Patients demonstrate intense episodes of systemic inflammatory symptoms , polyclonal lymphocyte and plasma cell proliferation , autoimmune manifestations , and organ system impairment . Human herpes virus-8 -LRB- HHV-8 -RRB- drives the hypercytokinemia in all HIV-positive patients and some HIV-negative patients . There is also a group of HIV-negative and HHV-8-negative patients with unknown etiology and pathophysiology , which we propose referring to as idiopathic MCD -LRB- iMCD -RRB- . Here , we synthesize what is known about iMCD pathogenesis , present a new subclassification system , and propose a model of iMCD pathogenesis . MCD should be subdivided into HHV-8-associated MCD and HHV-8-negative MCD or iMCD . The lymphocyte proliferation , histopathology , and systemic features in iMCD are secondary to hypercytokinemia , which can occur with several other diseases . We propose that 1 or more of the following 3 candidate processes may drive iMCD hypercytokinemia : systemic inflammatory disease mechanisms via autoantibodies or inflammatory gene mutations , paraneoplastic syndrome mechanisms via ectopic cytokine secretion , and/or a non-HHV-8 virus . Urgent priorities include elucidating the process driving iMCD hypercytokinemia , identifying the hypercytokine-secreting cell , developing consensus criteria for diagnosis , and building a patient registry to track cases .
Live attenuated influenza vaccine -LRB- LAIV -RRB- is an intranasal vaccine recently incorporated into the United Kingdom immunization schedule . However , it contains egg protein and , in the absence of safety data , is contraindicated in patients with egg allergy . We sought to assess the safety of LAIV in children with egg allergy . We performed a prospective , multicenter , open-label , phase IV intervention study involving 11 secondary/tertiary centers in the United Kingdom . Children with egg allergy -LRB- defined as a convincing clinical reaction to egg within the past 12 months and/or > 95 % likelihood of clinical egg allergy as per published criteria -RRB- were recruited . LAIV was administered under medical supervision , with observation for 1 hour and telephone follow-up 72 hours later . Four hundred thirty-three doses were administered to 282 children with egg allergy -LRB- median , 4.9 years ; range , 2-17 years -RRB- ; 115 -LRB- 41 % -RRB- had experienced prior anaphylaxis to egg . A physician 's diagnosis of asthma/recurrent wheezing was noted in 67 % , and 51 % were receiving regular preventer therapy . Eight children experienced mild self-limiting symptoms , which might have been due an IgE-mediated allergic reaction . Twenty-six -LRB- 9.4 % ; 95 % CI for population , 6.2 % to 13.4 % -RRB- children experienced lower respiratory tract symptoms within 72 hours , including 13 with parent-reported wheeze . None of these episodes required medical intervention beyond routine treatment . In contrast to current recommendations , LAIV appears to be safe for use in children with egg allergy . Furthermore , the vaccine appears to be well tolerated in children with a diagnosis of asthma or recurrent wheeze .
The aim of this study is to investigate the feasibility , safety , and effectiveness of placing the decompression tube as a bridge to surgery for acute malignant left-sided colonic obstruction . From January 2009 to August 2014 , consecutive patients with acute malignant left-side colonic obstruction underwent placement of the decompression tube as a bridge to surgery in our center . Clinical success was defined as relief of obstructive symptoms within 48 h after placing the decompression tube . Elective tumor resection was performed 7-9 days after colonic decompression . Twenty patients with acute malignant left-side colonic obstruction underwent placement of the decompression tube as a bridge to surgery . Placement of decompression tube was technically successful in all patients . No procedure-related complication occurred . Clinical success was achieved in 19 patients . Elective tumor resection and primary anastomosis were successfully performed in all 19 patients . The postoperative complications included wound infection -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- and anastomotic stenosis -LRB- n = 1 -RRB- .
Comparison of 20 lumbar puncture pairs in 17 patients showed that traumatic lumbar puncture does not result in a cerebrospinal fluid pleocytosis between two and 13 days after initial traumatic lumbar puncture . Local anesthesia decreases physiologic responses to pain in neonates but has not been used routinely during lumbar punctures in newborns , as it might obscure anatomical landmarks . However , local anesthesia may decrease newborns ' struggling during lumbar puncture , thus facilitating the procedure and increasing its success rate . The success rate of lumbar punctures was compared in neonates allocated prospectively to 0.2 to 0.5 mL of 1 % lidocaine anesthesia -LRB- n = 48 -RRB- or a control group -LRB- n = 52 -RRB- . Newborns were held in a modified lateral recumbent position -LRB- neck not flexed -RRB- and their struggling response to the various steps in the lumbar puncture was scored by the holder . The success rate of lumbar puncture was not dependent on level of training of physicians performing the procedure . No acute complications , cerebrospinal fluid contamination , or subsequent meningitis was noted in either group . It is concluded that local anesthesia with lidocaine decreases the degree of struggling but does not alter the success rate of lumbar puncture in neonates . The practice of withholding lidocaine anesthesia from neonates undergoing lumbar punctures can not be justified by arguing that it makes the procedure more difficult to perform .
Since December 2019 , when coronavirus disease 2019 -LRB- Covid-19 -RRB- emerged in Wuhan city and rapidly spread throughout China , data have been needed on the clinical characteristics of the affected patients . We extracted data regarding 1099 patients with laboratory-confirmed Covid-19 from 552 hospitals in 30 provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities in mainland China through January 29 , 2020 . The primary composite end point was admission to an intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- , the use of mechanical ventilation , or death . The median age of the patients was 47 years ; 41.9 % of the patients were female . The primary composite end point occurred in 67 patients -LRB- 6.1 % -RRB- , including 5.0 % who were admitted to the ICU , 2.3 % who underwent invasive mechanical ventilation , and 1.4 % who died . Only 1.9 % of the patients had a history of direct contact with wildlife . Among nonresidents of Wuhan , 72.3 % had contact with residents of Wuhan , including 31.3 % who had visited the city . The most common symptoms were fever -LRB- 43.8 % on admission and 88.7 % during hospitalization -RRB- and cough -LRB- 67.8 % -RRB- . Diarrhea was uncommon -LRB- 3.8 % -RRB- . The median incubation period was 4 days -LRB- interquartile range , 2 to 7 -RRB- . On admission , ground-glass opacity was the most common radiologic finding on chest computed tomography -LRB- CT -RRB- -LRB- 56.4 % -RRB- . No radiographic or CT abnormality was found in 157 of 877 patients -LRB- 17.9 % -RRB- with nonsevere disease and in 5 of 173 patients -LRB- 2.9 % -RRB- with severe disease . Lymphocytopenia was present in 83.2 % of the patients on admission . During the first 2 months of the current outbreak , Covid-19 spread rapidly throughout China and caused varying degrees of illness . Patients often presented without fever , and many did not have abnormal radiologic findings . -LRB- Funded by the National Health Commission of China and others . -RRB- . The Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus -LRB- MERS-CoV -RRB- has been a focus of international attention since its identification in 2012 . Epidemiologically it is characterized by sporadic community cases , which are amplified by hospital-based outbreaks . Healthcare facilities in 27 countries from most continents have experienced imported cases , with the most significant outbreak involving 186 cases in Korea . The mortality internationally is 36 % and guidance for clinical management has yet to be developed . Most facilities and healthcare providers outside of the Middle East receiving patients have no or little experience in the clinical management of MERS . When a case does occur there is likely little time for a critical appraisal of the literature and putative pharmacological options . We identified published literature on the management of both MERS-CoV and the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus -LRB- SARS-CoV -RRB- through searches of PubMed and WHO and the US CDC websites up to 30 April 2016 . A total of 101 publications were retrieved for critical appraisal . Most published literature on therapeutics for MERS are in vitro experiments , animal studies and case reports . Current treatment options for MERS can be categorized as : immunotherapy with virus-specific antibodies in convalescent plasma ; polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies produced in vitro or in genetically modified animals ; and antiviral agents . The use of any therapeutics in MERS-CoV remains investigational . The therapeutic agents with potential benefits and warranting further investigation include convalescent plasma , interferon-β/ribavirin combination therapy and lopinavir . Corticosteroids , ribavirin monotherapy and mycophenolic acid likely have toxicities that exceed potential benefits . No therapeutics have yet been proven effective for the treatment of severe illness caused by SARS-CoV-2 . We conducted a randomized , controlled , open-label trial involving hospitalized adult patients with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection , which causes the respiratory illness Covid-19 , and an oxygen saturation -LRB- Sao <sub> 2 </sub> -RRB- of 94 % or less while they were breathing ambient air or a ratio of the partial pressure of oxygen -LRB- Pao <sub> 2 </sub> -RRB- to the fraction of inspired oxygen -LRB- Fio <sub> 2 </sub> -RRB- of less than 300 mm Hg . Patients were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive either lopinavir-ritonavir -LRB- 400 mg and 100 mg , respectively -RRB- twice a day for 14 days , in addition to standard care , or standard care alone . The primary end point was the time to clinical improvement , defined as the time from randomization to either an improvement of two points on a seven-category ordinal scale or discharge from the hospital , whichever came first . A total of 199 patients with laboratory-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection underwent randomization ; 99 were assigned to the lopinavir-ritonavir group , and 100 to the standard-care group . The percentages of patients with detectable viral RNA at various time points were similar . In a modified intention-to-treat analysis , lopinavir-ritonavir led to a median time to clinical improvement that was shorter by 1 day than that observed with standard care -LRB- hazard ratio , 1.39 ; 95 % CI , 1.00 to 1.91 -RRB- . Gastrointestinal adverse events were more common in the lopinavir-ritonavir group , but serious adverse events were more common in the standard-care group . Lopinavir-ritonavir treatment was stopped early in 13 patients -LRB- 13.8 % -RRB- because of adverse events . In hospitalized adult patients with severe Covid-19 , no benefit was observed with lopinavir-ritonavir treatment beyond standard care . Future trials in patients with severe illness may help to confirm or exclude the possibility of a treatment benefit . -LRB- Funded by Major Projects of National Science and Technology on New Drug Creation and Development and others ; Chinese Clinical Trial Register number , ChiCTR2000029308 . -RRB- . Recent advances in the development of antiretrovirals have significantly extended life-spans and
Laparoscopic partial nephrectomy is an increasingly performed , minimally invasive alternative to open partial nephrectomy . We compared early postoperative outcomes in 1,800 patients undergoing open partial nephrectomy by experienced surgeons with the initial experience with laparoscopic partial nephrectomy in patients with a single renal tumor 7 cm or less . Data on 1,800 consecutive open or laparoscopic partial nephrectomies were collected prospectively or retrospectively in tumor registries at 3 large referral centers . Demographic , intraoperative , postoperative and followup data were compared between the 2 groups . Compared to the laparoscopic partial nephrectomy group of 771 patients the 1,028 undergoing open partial nephrectomy were a higher risk group with a greater percent presenting symptomatically with decreased performance status , impaired renal function and tumor in a solitary functioning kidney -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- . More tumors in the open partial nephrectomy group were more than 4 cm and centrally located and more proved to be malignant -LRB- p < 0.0001 and 0.0003 , respectively -RRB- . Based on multivariate analysis laparoscopic partial nephrectomy was associated with shorter operative time -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- , decreased operative blood loss -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- and shorter hospital stay -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- . The chance of intraoperative complications was comparable in the 2 groups . However , laparoscopic partial nephrectomy was associated with longer ischemia time -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- , more postoperative complications , particularly urological -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- , and an increased number of subsequent procedures -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- . Renal functional outcomes were similar 3 months after laparoscopic and open partial nephrectomy with 97.9 % and 99.6 % of renal units retaining function , respectively . Three-year cancer specific survival for patients with a single cT1N0M0 renal cell carcinoma was 99.3 % and 99.2 % after laparoscopic and open partial nephrectomy , respectively . Laparoscopic partial nephrectomy offered the advantages of less operative time , decreased operative blood loss and a shorter hospital stay . When applied to patients with a single renal tumor 7 cm or less , laparoscopic partial nephrectomy was associated with additional postoperative morbidity compared to open partial nephrectomy . However , equivalent functional and early oncological outcomes were achieved . Laparoscopic partial nephrectomy has demonstrated renal functional and 5-year oncological outcomes equivalent to those of open partial nephrectomy . A remaining critique of laparoscopic partial nephrectomy is its 10-minute longer ischemia time compared to open surgery . We present an early unclamping laparoscopic partial nephrectomy technique that decreases ischemia time by more than 50 % . During standard laparoscopic partial nephrectomy renal reconstruction is completely performed under ischemic conditions . In our early unclamping technique only the initial parenchymal suturing is performed under ischemia with the remainder of bolstered renorrhaphy performed in the revascularized kidney . Of 100 consecutive nonrandomized patients the initial 50 underwent standard laparoscopic partial nephrectomy -LRB- group 1 -RRB- and the subsequent 50 underwent early unclamping laparoscopic partial nephrectomy -LRB- group 2 -RRB- . Baseline demographics -LRB- body mass index , mean tumor size and central/hilar tumor location -RRB- and intraoperative parameters -LRB- need for pelvicaliceal repair , blood loss and operative time -RRB- were similar in the groups . However , warm ischemia time was significantly lower in group 2 -LRB- 31.1 vs 13.9 minutes , p < 0.0001 -RRB- . In groups 1 and 2 ischemia time was 30 minutes or greater in 60 % vs 0 % of patients -LRB- p < 0.0001 -RRB- . Compared to group 1 overall complications -LRB- 22 % vs 16 % -RRB- , postoperative renal hemorrhage -LRB- 4 % vs 2 % -RRB- and the re-intervention rate -LRB- 16 % vs 6 % -RRB- trended lower in group 2 -LRB- p = not significant -RRB- . No patient had a positive cancer margin , required open conversion or showed renal dysfunction . We evaluate our experience with laparoscopic partial nephrectomy to determine risk factors for postoperative complications . A prospectively maintained database of 507 laparoscopic partial nephrectomy procedures since September 1999 was retrospectively analyzed with emphasis on postoperative complications . Severity of complications was graded using a 5-tiered scale based on National Cancer Institute Common Toxicity Criteria Version 2.0 reporting criteria . Complication rates were compared between 1999 to 2002 and 2003 to 2006 . Multivariate analysis of baseline and perioperative variables was performed to identify risk factors associated with postoperative complications for the 2 eras . After 507 laparoscopic partial nephrectomy procedures 93 patients -LRB- 19.7 % -RRB- had 107 complications , including 49 urological -LRB- 9.7 % -RRB- and 58 nonurological -LRB- 11.4 % -RRB- . Of the complications , 20.6 % were grade I , 45 % were grade II , 30 % were grade III , 4.7 % were grade IV and none were grade V. On multivariate analysis , presence of a solitary kidney -LRB- 1999 to 2002 p = 0.0115 , 2003 to 2006 p = 0.0045 -RRB- , increased warm ischemia time -LRB- 1999 to 2002 p = 0.0399 , 2003 to 2006 p = 0.0066 -RRB- and increased estimated blood loss -LRB- 1999 to 2002 p = 0.0224 , 2003 to 2006 p = 0.0293 -RRB- were significant predictors of overall postoperative complications for the 2 eras . Compared to the 1999 to 2002 era , the 2003 to 2006 era witnessed a dramatic increase in number of total laparoscopic partial nephrectomy procedures -LRB- 100 % increase -RRB- and complex tumors -LRB- 132 % increase -RRB- , yet overall -LRB- p = 0.001 -RRB- , urological -LRB- p = 0.03 -RRB- and nonurological -LRB- p = 0.02 -RRB- complications decreased significantly . Prolonged warm ischemia , increased intraoperative blood loss and solitary kidney status increase the likelihood of postoperative complications after laparoscopic partial nephrectomy . With experience the incidence of complications has decreased significantly despite a significant increase in tumor and procedural complexity .
Several studies suggest resistance training -LRB- RT -RRB- while supplementing with various protein supplements can enhance strength and muscle mass in older individuals . However , to date , no study has examined the effects of RT with a peanut protein powder -LRB- PP -RRB- supplement on these outcomes . Herein , 39 older , untrained individuals -LRB- n = 17 female , n = 22 male ; age = 58.6 ± 8.0 years ; body mass index = 28.7 ± 5.8 -RRB- completed a 6-week -LRB- n = 22 -RRB- or 10-week -LRB- n = 17 -RRB- RT program , where full-body training was implemented twice weekly -LRB- ClinicalTrials.gov trial registration NCT04015479 ; registered July 11 , 2019 -RRB- . Participants in each program were randomly assigned to consume either a PP supplement once per day -LRB- 75 total g powder providing 30 g protein , > 9.2 g essential amino acids , ~ 315 kcal ; n = 20 -RRB- or no supplement -LRB- CTL ; n = 19 -RRB- . Right leg vastus lateralis -LRB- VL -RRB- muscle biopsies were obtained prior to and 24 h following the first training bout in all participants to assess the change in myofibrillar protein synthetic rates -LRB- MyoPS -RRB- as measured via the deuterium-oxide -LRB- D <sub> 2 </sub> O -RRB- tracer method . Pre - and Post-intervention testing in all participants was conducted using dual energy x-ray absorptiometry -LRB- DXA -RRB- , VL ultrasound imaging , a peripheral quantitative computed tomography -LRB- pQCT -RRB- scan at the mid-thigh , and right leg isokinetic dynamometer assessments . Regarding chronic changes , there were no significant supplement-by-time interactions in DXA-derived fat mass , lean soft tissue mass or percent body fat between supplementation groups . There was also a significant increase in knee flexion torque in the 10-week PP group versus the CTL group -LRB- interaction p = 0.032 -RRB- . In conclusion , a higher-protein , defatted peanut powder supplement in combination with RT positively affects select markers of muscle hypertrophy and strength in an untrained , older adult population . Moreover , subanalyses indicated that gender did not play a role in these adaptations .
This phase 1 clinical trial was conducted to evaluate the safety and to determine the maximum tolerated dose -LRB- MTD -RRB- of the immunocytokine EMD 273066 huKS-IL2 and , secondarily , to assess its pharmacokinetics , immunogenic potential , and immunologic activity in patients with androgen-independent prostate cancer -LRB- n = 22 -RRB- . EMD 273066 was administered in 3-day cycles -LRB- separated by 4 weeks -RRB- of once-daily , 4-hour intravenous infusions at a dose determined by an escalation protocol -LRB- 0.4 , 0.7 , 1.4 , 2.8 , 4.3 , 6.4 , or 8.5 mg/m/d -RRB- . Approximately 2/3 of patients received a second cycle of treatment . The results show that the MTD of EMD 273066 -LSB- ie , one dose level below that producing dose-limiting toxicity -LRB- DLT -RRB- in at least 33 % of patients in a dosing group -RSB- was 6.4 mg/m/d . No DLTs , defined as drug-related toxicities > OR = Grade 3 occurring during the first treatment cycle , were observed among patients in the 0.4 - , 0.7 - , 1.4 - , or 4.3-mg / m/d dosing groups . Four patients treated with 2.8 , 6.4 , or 8.5 mg/m/d EMD 273066 experienced DLTs . Titers of both antiimmunocytokine and anti-FcIL-2 antibody responses were observed after the first dose cycle and either decreased or remained stable during a second course of treatment . No hypersensitivity reactions were observed . EMD 273066 exhibited immunologic activity as demonstrated by increases in lymphocyte counts , natural killer cell number and specific activity , and antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity activity . On average , Cmax , which was dose-dependent , was achieved within 1 hour after infusion . Mean t -LRB- 1/2 -RRB- which was independent of dose , ranged from 4.0 to 6.7 hours across doses . A zero-compartment body model with one-order kinetics best described the concentration-time profiles . These data demonstrate that the novel immunocytokine EMD 273066 is well tolerated at doses above a level of observed systemic biologic activity in patients with androgen-independent prostate cancer . To evaluate the safety , toxicity , in vivo immunologic activation , and maximum-tolerated dose -LRB- MTD -RRB- of EMD 273063 -LRB- hu14.18-IL-2 -RRB- in patients with metastatic melanoma . Thirty-three patients were treated with EMD 273063 , a humanized anti-GD2 monoclonal antibody -LRB- mAb -RRB- linked to interleukin-2 -LRB- IL-2 -RRB- . Patients with stabilization or regression of disease could receive a second course of treatment at week 5 . Dose levels evaluated were 0.8 , 1.6 , 3.2 , 4.8 , 6.0 , and 7.5 mg/m2/d . Nineteen of 33 patients completed course 1 with stable disease and went on to receive course 2 . Eight patients had stable disease on completion of course 2 . Grade 3 adverse events included hypophosphatemia -LRB- 11 patients -RRB- , hyperglycemia -LRB- three patients -RRB- , hypotension -LRB- two patients -RRB- , thrombocytopenia -LRB- one patient -RRB- , hypoxia -LRB- three patients -RRB- , elevated hepatic transaminases -LRB- two patients -RRB- , and hyperbilirubinemia -LRB- one patient -RRB- . Opioids were required for treatment-associated arthralgias and/or myalgias during 17 of 52 treatment courses . No grade 4 adverse events were observed . Dose-limiting toxicities at the MTD included hypoxia , hypotension , and elevations in AST/ALT . Grade 3 toxicities were anticipated based on prior studies of IL-2 or anti-GD2 mAbs , and all resolved . Immune activation was induced , as measured by lymphocytosis , increased peripheral-blood natural killer activity , and cell numbers , and increased serum levels of the soluble alpha chain of the IL-2 receptor complex . Treatment with the immunocytokine EMD 273063 induced immune activation and was associated with reversible clinical toxicities at the MTD of 7.5 mg/m2/d in melanoma patients .
Recombinant human erythropoietin -LRB- EPO -RRB- is known to provide organ protection against ischemia-reperfusion injury through its pleiotropic properties . The aim of this single-site , randomized , case-controlled , and double-blind study was to investigate the effect of pre-emptive EPO administration on the incidence of postoperative acute kidney injury -LRB- AKI -RRB- in patients with risk factors for AKI undergoing complex valvular heart surgery . We studied ninety-eight patients with preoperative risk factors for AKI . The patients were randomly allocated to either the EPO group -LRB- n = 49 -RRB- or the control group -LRB- n = 49 -RRB- . The EPO group received 300 IU/kg of EPO intravenously after anesthetic induction . The control group received an equivalent volume of normal saline . AKI was defined as an increase in serum creatinine > 0.3 mg/dl or > 50 % from baseline . Biomarkers of renal injury were serially measured until five days postoperatively . Patient characteristics and operative data , including the duration of cardiopulmonary bypass , were similar between the two groups . Incidence of postoperative AKI -LRB- 32.7 % versus 34.7 % , P = 0.831 -RRB- and biomarkers of renal injury including cystatin C and neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin showed no significant differences between the groups . None of the patients developed adverse complications related to EPO administration , including thromboembolic events , throughout the study period . Cardiac surgery-associated acute kidney injury -LRB- CSA-AKI -RRB- is a common complication following coronary bypass graft -LRB- CABG -RRB- surgery . Multi-factorial causes of CSA-AKI involve oxidative stress and inflammation . Erythropoietin -LRB- EPO -RRB- has been shown from many studies to have a reno-protective effect . The present study was conducted to examine the role of EPO in preventing CSA-AKI . This prospective , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial was conducted in the Cardiovascular and Thoracic Unit . One hundred patients randomly received either 200 U/kg of rHuEPO -LRB- n = 50 -RRB- or saline -LRB- n = 50 -RRB- intravenously three days before operation , and rHuEPO 100 U/kg or saline at operation time . The serum creatinine -LRB- SCr -RRB- , estimated glomerular filtration rate -LRB- eGFR -RRB- and urine neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocaline -LRB- NGAL -RRB- were measured in order to evaluate renal injury following CABG . The incidence of CSA-AKI was significantly lower in rHuEPO group -LRB- 14 % -RRB- when compared with the placebo group -LRB- 38 % ; p < 0.01 -RRB- . The mean intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- and hospital stays of the rHuEPO group were significantly shorter than the placebo group -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- . Postoperative increases in SCr and decreases in eGFR were significantly lower in the rHuEPO group than the placebo group -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . The mean urine NGAL in rHuEPO group was significantly lower than the placebo group at 3 hr , 6 hr , 12 hr and 18 hr after CABG -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- , respectively . Prophylaxis administration with intravenous rHuEPO before cardiac surgery decreased the incidence of CSA-AKI and urine NGAL with reduced days in ICU and hospital in elective CABG patients . ClinicalTrials.gov : NCT01066351 . The effect of erythropoietin -LRB- EPO -RRB- on the prevention of cardiac surgery-associated acute kidney injury -LRB- CSA-AKI -RRB- is controversial . Therefore , we undertook the meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- to assess the efficacy and safety of EPO on the prevention of CSA-AKI in adult patients and to explore whether risk factors for AKI could explain the inconsistent effects . PubMed and EMbase databases were searched to identify eligible RCTs . The meta-analysis was performed with fixed - or random-effects models according to the heterogeneity , and the subgroup analysis stratiﬁed by risk factors for AKI was carried out . Five RCTs involving 423 patients were included . Overall , EPO administration was not associated with a reduced incidence of CSA-AKI -LSB- relative risk -LRB- RR -RRB- : 0.64 , 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- : 0.35-1.16 -RSB- , with a moderate heterogeneity -LRB- I -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 67.4 % , heterogeneity P = 0.02 -RRB- . Subgroup analysis showed that , in patients without high risk factors for AKI , EPO administration could significantly reduce the incidence of CSA-AKI -LRB- RR : 0.38 , 95 % CI : 0.24-0.61 -RRB- , intensive care unit length of stay -LSB- standardized mean difference -LRB- SMD -RRB- : -0.54 , 95 % CI : -1.05 to -0.04 -RSB- and hospital length of stay -LRB- SMD : -0.48 , 95 % CI : -0.94 to -0.02 -RRB- . The test of heterogeneity was not significant in the two subgroups . EPO administration could significantly reduce the incidence of CSA-AKI , but not in patients with high risk factors for AKI . Substantial heterogeneity across trials could be attributed to high risk factors for AKI . However , our findings should be interpreted cautiously because of the limited studies included , and high-quality RCTs are warranted .
Natural orifice translumenal endoscopic surgery -LRB- NOTES -RRB- is an evolving field and suitable instruments are lacking . The purpose of this study was to perform transvaginal cholecystectomies using instruments incorporated into a magnetic anchoring and guidance system -LRB- MAGS -RRB- . Non-survival procedures were conducted in pigs -LRB- n = 4 -RRB- . Through a vaginotomy created under direct vision , a rigid access port was inserted into the peritoneal cavity and used to maintain a CO -LRB- 2 -RRB- pneumoperitoneum . MAGS instruments were deployed through the port and held in place on the peritoneal surface using magnetic coupling via an external handheld magnet which was optionally exchanged for an 18 ga percutaneous threaded needle anchor ; instruments included a tissue retractor -LRB- a clip-fixated magnet or flexible graspers -RRB- and a cautery dissector . A gastroscope was used for visualization . Three new forms of instrumentation were developed : -LRB- 1 -RRB- a longer access port -LRB- 50 cm -RRB- which provided easier deployment of instruments and suitable reach , -LRB- 2 -RRB- a more robust cauterizer with a longer , more rigid , pneumatically deployed tip with better reach and sufficient torque to allow blunt dissection , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- a more versatile tissue retractor with bidirectional dual flexible graspers which provided excellent cephalad fundus retraction and inferiolateral infundibulum retraction . With these modifications , 100 % of the cholecystectomy was completed in the third and fourth animals using only a NOTES/MAGS approach . Retrieval of the tissue retractor resulted in a rectal injury in the third animal but further procedural modifications resulted in a successful procedure in the fourth animal with no complications . While still under development with more refinements needed , completely transvaginal cholecystectomy using MAGS instruments is feasible . By offering triangulation and rigidity , MAGS may facilitate a NOTES approach while alleviating shortcomings of a flexible platform . Natural orifice translumenal endoscopic surgery -LRB- NOTES -RRB- is an emerging concept in the recent literature that could lead to potential benefits in clinical applications . Restricted to animal experiments , however , human procedures have not yet been published . Because of the technical and ethical challenges involved in perforation and closure of a healthy organ-as is also seen in operating via the transgastric route-and because of the lack of understanding of the physiopathology and infection risk with these approaches , they have not been applied in the clinical setting . Thus the present study , based on previous animal experiments , describes preliminary clinical application in four cases of transvaginal NOTES cholecystectomy , and discusses safety , feasibility , and potential benefits of the method . Preliminary acute and survival animal experiments developed by the NOTES Research Group at our institution solved such technical problems for transvaginal NOTES as spatial orientation , insufflation , and instrumentation , making possible the introduction of NOTES as a clinical application . The trials were approved by ethics committee of our institution , and informed consent was obtained from all patients . All intraoperative and postoperative parameters were documented . Vaginal access was achieved under direct vision with conventional instruments , and a 2-channel colonoscope was inserted into the abdominal cavity . After endoscopic insufflation to achieve pneumoperitoneum with CO -LRB- 2 -RRB- , instruments were inserted through and alongside a colonoscope , allowing successful NOTES cholecystectomy in all patients , with vaginal extraction of the gallbladder . The vaginal wound was closed by direct vision using conventional instruments . The procedure was successful in all patients , with operative time of 45-115 min . Patients experienced low need for postoperative analgesia . Free oral intake was permitted 2 h after the procedure . There were no postoperative complications , and patients were discharged , according to the study protocol , 48 h after the procedure . Preliminary results showed the feasibility and safety of the transvaginal NOTES method in this small initial study population . The technique , developed in our institution , and not transgastric NOTES , may be the preferred approach to serve as the basis for clinical studies . As the field of minimally invasive surgery continues to develop , surgeons are confronted with the challenge of performing conventional laparoscopic surgeries through fewer incisions while maintaining the same degree of safety and surgical efficiency . Most of these methods involve elimination of the ports previously designated for retraction . As a result , minimally invasive surgeons have been forced to develop minimally invasive and ingenious methods for providing adequate retraction for these procedures . Herein we present our experience using endoloops and internal retractors to provide retraction during Single Incision Minimally Invasive Surgery -LRB- SIMIS -RRB- and Natural Orifice Transluminal Endoscopic Surgery -LRB- NOTES -RRB- cholecystectomy . We also present a review of the alternative retraction methods currently being employed for these surgeries . SIMIS was performed on 20 patients and NOTES was performed on 5 patients at our institution . Endoloops or internal retractors were used to provide retraction for all SIMIS procedures . Internal retractors provided retraction for all NOTES procedures . Successful cholecystectomy was accomplished in all cases . One SIMIS surgery required conversion to standard laparoscopy due to complex anatomy . There were no intraoperative complications . Although adequate retraction was accomplished in all cases , the internal retractors were found to provide superior and more versatile retraction compared to that of endoloops . Adequate retraction greatly simplifies SIMIS and NOTES surgery . Endograb internal retractors were easy to use and were found to provide optimal retraction and exposure during these procedures without complications .
The clinical response to therapeutic doses of two vitamins were determined in diabetic patients with symptomatic peripheral neuropathy . Of 200 consecutive patients , 100 were randomly allocated to treatment with both thiamine -LRB- 25 mg/day -RRB- and pyridoxine -LRB- 50 mg/day -RRB- group A and the rest group B to treatment with an identical tablet containing 1 mg/day each of thiamine and pyridoxine . Pain , numbness , paraesthesia and impairment of sensation and ankle in the legs were graded into none , mild , moderate or severe . Four weeks after starting treatment the grade was less than on the first visit in 88.9 % , 82.5 % and 89.7 % of those whose worst symptoms were pain , numbness and paraesthesia respectively for group A compared with 11.1 % , 40.5 % and 39.4 % respectively for group B . The severity of signs of peripheral neuropathy decreased in 48.9 % of patients in group A compared with 11.4 % in group B . Diabetic peripheral neuropathy in Dar es Salaam is associated with thiamine deficiency . Dietary guidelines for diabetic patients should emphasize a balanced diet .
Within a total population cohort of 56 946 children aged 9-10 years , we screened all those with a current clinical diagnosis of ASD -LRB- n = 255 -RRB- or those judged to be at risk for being an undetected case -LRB- n = 1515 -RRB- . A stratified subsample -LRB- n = 255 -RRB- received a comprehensive diagnostic assessment , including standardised clinical observation , and parent interview assessments of autistic symptoms , language , and intelligence quotient -LRB- IQ -RRB- . Clinical consensus diagnoses of childhood autism and other ASDs were derived . We used a sample weighting procedure to estimate prevalence . The prevalence of childhood autism was 38.9 per 10,000 -LRB- 95 % CI 29.9-47.8 -RRB- and that of other ASDs was 77.2 per 10,000 -LRB- 52.1-102.3 -RRB- , making the total prevalence of all ASDs 116.1 per 10,000 -LRB- 90.4-141.8 -RRB- . A narrower definition of childhood autism , which combined clinical consensus with instrument criteria for past and current presentation , provided a prevalence of 24.8 per 10,000 -LRB- 17.6-32.0 -RRB- . The rate of previous local identification was lowest for children of less educated parents . Prevalence of autism and related ASDs is substantially greater than previously recognised . Whether the increase is due to better ascertainment , broadening diagnostic criteria , or increased incidence is unclear . Autism prevalence in California , based on individuals eligible for state-funded services , rose throughout the 1990s . The extent to which this trend is explained by changes in age at diagnosis or inclusion of milder cases has not been previously evaluated . Autism cases were identified from 1990 through 2006 in databases of the California Department of Developmental Services , which coordinates services for individuals with specific developmental disorders . The main outcomes were population incident cases younger than age 10 years for each quarter , cumulative incidence by age and birth year , age-specific incidence rates stratified by birth year , and proportions of diagnoses by age across birth years . Autism incidence in children rose throughout the period . Cumulative incidence to 5 years of age per 10,000 births rose consistently from 6.2 for 1990 births to 42.5 for 2001 births . Age-specific incidence rates increased most steeply for 2 - and 3-year olds . The proportion diagnosed by age 5 years increased only slightly , from 54 % for 1990 births to 61 % for 1996 births . Changing age at diagnosis can explain a 12 % increase , and inclusion of milder cases , a 56 % increase . Autism incidence in California shows no sign yet of plateauing . Younger ages at diagnosis , differential migration , changes in diagnostic criteria , and inclusion of milder cases do not fully explain the observed increases . Other artifacts have yet to be quantified , and as a result , the extent to which the continued rise represents a true increase in the occurrence of autism remains unclear . Inflammation and the genes , molecules , and biological pathways that lead to inflammatory processes influence many important and disparate biological processes and disease states that are quite often not generally considered classical inflammatory or autoimmune disorders . These include development , reproduction , aging , tumor development and tumor rejection , cardiovascular pathologies , metabolic disorders , as well as neurological and psychiatric disorders . This paper compares parallel aspects of autism and inflammatory disorders with an emphasis on asthma . These comparisons include epidemiological , morphometric , molecular , and genetic aspects of both disease types , contributing to a hypothesis of autism in the context of the immune based hygiene hypothesis . This hypothesis is meant to address the apparent rise in the prevalence of autism in the population .
Female pattern alopecia seems to be increasing . A recent article suggests that female androgenetic alopecia may not be androgen dependent and is a different entity than male androgenetic alopecia . To determine the incidence at different ages of female androgenetic alopecia in 1000 Caucasian women 20 years of age and older . A total of 1006 Caucasian women were examined for the presence of female androgenetic alopecia . Female androgenetic alopecia is quite common beginning in the late 20s and reaching its peak after 50 years of age . Female pattern hair loss -LRB- female androgenetic alopecia -RRB- is a common , but puzzling , condition in women . Approximately 10 percent of pre-menopausal women show evidence of androgenetic alopecia . Age increases the incidence and 50-75 percent of women 65 years or older suffer from this condition . Only 2 percent topical mindoxidil is approved for treating female androgenetic alopecia . Reviews suggest that anti-hormonal therapy -LRB- e.g. cyproterone acetate , spironolactone -RRB- is helpful in treating female pattern alopecia in some women who have normal hormone levels . The use of hormonal therapies is most extensively studied in post-menopausal women . Several studies have suggested that cyproterone acetate with or without ethinyl estradiol and spironolactone can ameliorate female androgenetic alopecia in women with normal hormone levels , but larger controlled studies need to be done . Flutamide was found to be more effective than spironolactone or cyproterone in one study . Testosterone conversion inhibitors have been tried in post-menopausual women with normal hormone levels to treat alopecia . No study has shown that 1 mg of finasteride effectively treats female androgenetic alopecia but doses of 2.5 and 5 mg finasteride have helped some women in a few open studies . One case report notes the utility of dutasteride after finasteride failed . The role and place of anti-androgentic agents in female androgenetic alopecia in both pre and post-menopausal women remains to be fully defined . The need for effective agents is highlighted by the paucity of effective treatments and the substantial psychosocial impact of alopecia on women . Despite the prevalence of androgenetic alopecia among men , little is known about its psychological effects . This investigation examined the psychosocial sequelae that balding men attribute to hair loss and compared balding and nonbalding men in personality functioning . Subjects included 63 men with modest balding , 40 men with more extensive balding , and 42 nonbalding controls . All anonymously completed a battery of standardized psychological measures . Reported effects of balding reflected considerable preoccupation , moderate stress or distress , and copious coping efforts . These effects were especially salient among men with more extensive balding and among younger men , single men , and those with an earlier hair-loss onset . Relative to controls , balding men had less body-image satisfaction yet were comparable on other personality indexes . Personality correlates of the psychological responses to hair loss were identified . Although most men regard hair loss to be an unwanted , distressing experience that diminishes their body image , balding men actively cope and generally retain the integrity of their personality functioning . Several studies have examined the psychological impact of androgenetic alopecia on men but scientific evidence is absent regarding its effects on women . Our purpose was to determine the psychosocial sequelae of androgenetic alopecia in women and , comparatively , in men . Subjects were newly referred patients with androgenetic alopecia -LRB- 96 women and 60 men -RRB- and 56 female control patients . Subjects completed standardized questionnaires to assess their psychological reactions to their respective conditions and to measure body image , personality , and adjustment . Androgenetic alopecia clearly was a stressful experience for both sexes , but substantially more distressing for women . Relative to control subjects , women with androgenetic alopecia possessed a more negative body image and a pattern of less adaptive functioning . Specific correlates of the adversity of patients ' hair-loss experiences were identified . The results confirm the psychologically detrimental effects of androgenetic alopecia , especially on women . The implications for patient care are discussed . Although alopecia is one of the most prevalent dermatologic conditions in the United States , it is typically viewed as a benign process with only cosmetic consequences . Androgenic alopecia has an especially strong perception as a cosmetic management issue . This contribution reviews literature gathered through MEDLINE from PubMed to emphasize the value of hair as a part of the system and to illustrate that androgenic alopecia , like psoriasis , can have severe consequences and serve as a risk factor for the development of life-threatening diseases . All persons with alopecia should be evaluated and treated by a physician to minimize its psychological effects and reduce the risk of developing other medical conditions and be further assessed for the presence of commonly associated comorbid conditions . Male and female pattern hair loss affects a large percentage of the population , and patients frequently present for treatment of this to their dermatologist . Here we review the many treatments available for hair loss . We review the evidence for each , and outline the most effective treatment strategies for both men and women . At the conclusion of this article , the reader should be able to describe the most effective treatments for hair loss , understand their mechanism -LRB- s -RRB- of action , and explain which treatments are the best in different settings . Physicians should be careful not to underestimate the emotional impact of hair loss for some patients . Patients may present with focal patches of hair loss or more diffuse hair loss , which may include predominant hair thinning or increased hair shedding . Focal hair loss can be further broken down into scarring and nonscarring . Scarring alopecia is best evaluated by a dermatologist . A scalp biopsy may be necessary if the cause of hair loss is unclear
Healthy adult women with colposcopically directed , biopsy-proven HPV16 + CIN2/3 received 3 i.m. vaccinations -LRB- 0.5 , 1 , or 3 mg -RRB- of a plasmid expressing a Sig-E7 -LRB- detox -RRB- - heat shock protein 70 fusion protein on days 0 , 28 , and 56 , and underwent standard therapeutic resection of the cervical squamocolumnar junction at day 105 -LRB- week 15 -RRB- . The safety and immunogenicity of the vaccine and histologic outcome based on resection at week 15 were assessed . Fifteen patients were evaluable -LRB- 3 each at 0.5 and 1 mg , 9 at 3 mg -RRB- . The vaccine was well tolerated : most adverse events were mild , transient injection-site discomfort ; no dose-limiting toxicities were observed . Although HPVE7-specific T-cell responses to E7 detected by enzyme-linked immunospot assays -LRB- IFN-gamma -RRB- were of low frequency and magnitude , detectable increases in response subsequent to vaccination were identified in subjects in the second and third cohorts . Although the difference is not significant , it is slightly higher than would be expected in an unvaccinated cohort -LRB- 25 % -RRB- . This HPV16 DNA vaccine was safe and well tolerated .
Dysfunctional elimination syndrome is a heterogeneous syndrome with no widely accepted diagnostic criteria . Previously developed questionnaires provide incomplete psychometric assessment . We developed a discriminative questionnaire for diagnosing dysfunctional elimination syndrome and assessed its validity and reliability . A 14-item 5-point Likert scale questionnaire was devised using literature review , expert opinions and patient input . The questionnaire was administered to 62 children 4 to 16 years old -LRB- median age 8 -RRB- clinically diagnosed with dysfunctional elimination syndrome by a pediatric urologist , of whom 71 % were female . It was also administered to 50 healthy controls 4 to 16 years old -LRB- median age 7 -RRB- , of whom 66 % were female . Children with structural abnormalities were excluded from study . To assess reliability 50 participants were asked to complete the questionnaire again 1 week later . Median total score in cases and controls was 14 of 52 -LRB- range 4 to 30 -RRB- and 6 of 52 -LRB- range 1 to 13 -RRB- , respectively . The difference was statistically significant -LRB- p = 0.001 -RRB- . Discriminant function analysis showed 80 % accuracy . ROC curve showed a score of 11 as the optimum threshold with an AUC of 0.903 -LRB- 95 % CI 0.814-0.948 -RRB- . Factor analysis showed unloading on 4 factors , corresponding to urinary incontinence , urgency , obstructive symptoms and constipation/fecal soiling . Of participants 85 % classified the questionnaire as very easy or easy to complete . This new questionnaire is valid and reliable for diagnosing dysfunctional elimination syndrome . It can be used as a clinical or research instrument . To determine whether occult megarectum remains a commonly unrecognized cause of enuresis and whether treating it will cure enuresis in most children . A landmark study proved constipation was a commonly unrecognized cause of enuresis in 1986 in which constipation was defined as abnormal rectal distension . However , modern recommendations have focused on signs of functional constipation , such as hard or rare stools . A retrospective review of 30 consecutive patients seen in our clinic with a chief complaint of nocturnal enuresis was performed , with an analysis of the results of their plain abdominal radiographs . The results of the studies were determined using a novel method termed the rectal/pelvic outlet ratio and Leech criteria . These results were compared with the reported constipation history according to the International Children 's Continence Society guidelines , which recommends asking parents and children whether the child 's bowel movements occur less often than every other day and whether the stool consistency is hard . Patients diagnosed with megarectum were treated with laxatives , with the goal of restoring normal rectal tone . All patients demonstrated rectal distension according to the rectal/pelvic outlet ratio , and 80 % were constipated according to the Leech criteria . All the adolescent patients in our study and 80 % of the younger patients were cured of enuresis with laxative therapy . Occult megarectum remains a commonly undiagnosed cause of nocturnal enuresis . Abdominal radiographs represent a simple , noninvasive method to diagnose megarectum and might improve the treatment of nocturnal enuresis .
Although cardiac arrest during airline flights is relatively uncommon , the unusual setting , limited resources , and the variability of the skills in medical volunteers present unique challenges . Survival in patients who suffer a witnessed arrest with a shockable rhythm who are treated promptly has improved since the advent of widely available automated external defibrillators -LRB- AEDs -RRB- . Not all in-flight cardiac arrests are witnessed because cabin crew or fellow passengers might simply assume that the victim is sleeping . Based upon a review of the literature on resuscitation after OHCA , we recommend that automatic external defibrillators be carried on all commercial airline flights , regardless of duration . Patients presenting with shockable rhythm -LRB- e.g. , VF , unstable ventricular tachycardia -RRB- have the best prognosis for survival and usually require diversion of the aircraft for advanced cardiac life support -LRB- ACLS -RRB- . Because diversion may require interruption of cardiopulmonary resuscitation -LRB- CPR -RRB- and may impact flight safety , the volunteer rescuer , cabin crew , flight crew , and medical consultation services should discuss the possible outcome and operational considerations before recommending a diversion for a patient with a nonshockable rhythm . The recommendations in this article were developed by members of the Air Transport Medicine and Aerospace Human Performance Committees and approved by the Council of the Aerospace Medical Association.Ruskin KJ , Ricaurte EM , Alves PM . Medical guidelines for airline travel : management of in-flight cardiac arrest . Aerosp Med Hum Perform . 2018 ; 89 -LRB- 8 -RRB- : 754-759 . Statistical models to predict age-specific levels of Pao2 manifest at altitudes between sea level and 8000 ft -LRB- Pao2alt -RRB- are described . The relationship between age and Pao2 at sea level -LRB- Pao2sl -RRB- and the relationship between Pao2alt , and Pao2sl , Pco2 at sea level -LRB- Pco2sl -RRB- , and pulmonary health status were investigated using linear regression techniques to analyze previously published data . In persons with normal pulmonary health , the relationship between Pao2sl -LRB- mmHg -RRB- and age -LRB- yr -RRB- was Pao2sl = 105.9 - 0.44 * age -LRB- R2 = 0.582 , MSE = 25.314 -RRB- ; Pco2sl -LRB- 38.1 + / - 2.8 mmHg -RRB- was not related to age over the range 18-75 yr . In persons with chronic obstructive lung disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- , neither Pao2sl -LRB- 78.2 + / - 11.3 mmHg -RRB- nor Pco2sl -LRB- 40.5 + / - 5.7 mmHg -RRB- were related to age -LRB- 77.0 + / - 9.0 yrs -RRB- . The relationship between PaO2alt and Pao2sl , Pco2sl and altitude -LRB- ft -RRB- was : Pao2alt = 1.59 + 0.98 * Pao2sl + 0.0031 * Alt - 0.000061 * Pao2sl * Alt - 0.000065 * PCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- sl -LSB- corrected -RSB- * Alt + 0.000000092 * Alt2 -LRB- R2 = 0.932 , MSE = 22.774 -RRB- . Pao2sl declines with age in persons with normal pulmonary health ; Pco2sl remains constant . Neither vary with age in persons with COPD . Pao2alt can be estimated with acceptable precision from knowledge of Pao2sl , Pco2sl , and altitude . These models predict a substantial proportion of older passengers will manifest a Pao2alt at 8000 ft below the threshold at which supplemental oxygen is recommended . Our aim was to compare the compression quality , exercise intensity , and energy expenditure in 5-minute single-rescuer cardiopulmonary resuscitation -LRB- CPR -RRB- using 15:1 or 30:2 compression-to-ventilation -LRB- C : V -RRB- ratios or chest compression only -LRB- CCO -RRB- . This was a randomized , crossover manikin study . Medical students were randomized to perform either type of CPR and do the others with intervals of at least 1 day . We measured compression quality , ratings of perceived exertion -LRB- RPE -RRB- score , heart rate , maximal oxygen uptake , and energy expenditure during CPR . Forty-seven students were recruited . Mean compression rates did not differ between the 3 groups . However , the mean percentage of adequate compressions in the CCO group was significantly lower than that of the 15:1 or 30:2 group -LRB- 31.2 ± 30.3 % vs. 55.1 ± 37.5 % vs. 54.0 ± 36.9 % , respectively ; P < 0.001 -RRB- and the difference occurred within the first minute . The RPE score in each minute and heart rate change in the CCO group was significantly higher than those of the C : V ratio groups . There was no significant difference in maximal oxygen uptake between the 3 groups . Energy expenditure in the CCO group was relatively lower than that of the 2 C : V ratio groups . CPR using a 15:1 C : V ratio may provide a compression quality and exercise intensity comparable to those obtained using a 30:2 C : V ratio . An earlier decrease in compression quality and increase in RPE and heart rate could be produced by CCO CPR compared with 15:1 or 30:2 C : V ratios with relatively lower oxygen uptake and energy expenditure . Rescuers that undergo acute ascent without acclimatization can experience acute mountain sickness . Although performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation -LRB- CPR -RRB- for a short period requires intensive effort at sea level , performing CPR at high altitude is even more exhausting and can endanger the rescuer . Therefore , we conducted a pilot study to compare the quality of resuscitation in health professionals at high altitude -LRB- 3100 m -RRB- and that at sea level . Thirty-eight participants were asked to performed continuous chest compression CPR -LRB- CCC-CPR -RRB- for 5 minutes at sea level and at high altitude . Cardiopulmonary resuscitation recording technology was used to objectively quantify the quality of the chest compressions -LRB- CCs -RRB- , including the depth and rate thereof . At high altitude , rescuers showed a statistically significant decrease in blood oxygen saturation and an increase in systolic blood pressure
Lower extremity peripheral artery disease is the third leading cause of atherosclerotic cardiovascular morbidity , following coronary artery disease and stroke . This study provides the first comparison of the prevalence of peripheral artery disease between high-income countries -LRB- HIC -RRB- and low-income or middle-income countries -LRB- LMIC -RRB- , establishes the primary risk factors for peripheral artery disease in these settings , and estimates the number of people living with peripheral artery disease regionally and globally . We did a systematic review of the literature on the prevalence of peripheral artery disease in which we searched for community-based studies since 1997 that defined peripheral artery disease as an ankle brachial index -LRB- ABI -RRB- lower than or equal to 0 · 90 . We used epidemiological modelling to define age-specific and sex-specific prevalence rates in HIC and in LMIC and combined them with UN population numbers for 2000 and 2010 to estimate the global prevalence of peripheral artery disease . Within a subset of studies , we did meta-analyses of odds ratios -LRB- ORs -RRB- associated with 15 putative risk factors for peripheral artery disease to estimate their effect size in HIC and LMIC . We then used the risk factors to predict peripheral artery disease numbers in eight WHO regions -LRB- three HIC and five LMIC -RRB- . 34 studies satisfied the inclusion criteria , 22 from HIC and 12 from LMIC , including 112,027 participants , of which 9347 had peripheral artery disease . Sex-specific prevalence rates increased with age and were broadly similar in HIC and LMIC and in men and women . The prevalence in HIC at age 45-49 years was 5 · 28 % -LRB- 95 % CI 3 · 38-8 · 17 % -RRB- in women and 5 · 41 % -LRB- 3 · 41-8 · 49 % -RRB- in men , and at age 85-89 years , it was 18 · 38 % -LRB- 11 · 16-28 · 76 % -RRB- in women and 18 · 83 % -LRB- 12 · 03-28 · 25 % -RRB- in men . Prevalence in men was lower in LMIC than in HIC -LRB- 2 · 89 % -LSB- 2 · 04-4 · 07 % -RSB- at 45-49 years and 14 · 94 % -LSB- 9 · 58-22 · 56 % -RSB- at 85-89 years -RRB- . In LMIC , rates were higher in women than in men , especially at younger ages -LRB- 6 · 31 % -LSB- 4 · 86-8 · 15 % -RSB- of women aged 45-49 years -RRB- . Smoking was an important risk factor in both HIC and LMIC , with meta-OR for current smoking of 2 · 72 -LRB- 95 % CI 2 · 39-3 · 09 -RRB- in HIC and 1 · 42 -LRB- 1 · 25-1 · 62 -RRB- in LMIC , followed by diabetes -LRB- 1 · 88 -LSB- 1 · 66-2 · 14 -RSB- vs 1 · 47 -LSB- 1 · 29-1 · 68 -RSB- -RRB- , hypertension -LRB- 1 · 55 -LSB- 1 · 42-1 · 71 -RSB- vs 1 · 36 -LSB- 1 · 24-1 · 50 -RSB- -RRB- , and hypercholesterolaemia -LRB- 1 · 19 -LSB- 1 · 07-1 · 33 -RSB- vs 1 · 14 -LSB- 1 · 03-1 · 25 -RSB- -RRB- . Globally , 202 million people were living with peripheral artery disease in 2010 , 69 · 7 % of them in LMIC , including 54 · 8 million in southeast Asia and 45 · 9 million in the western Pacific Region . During the preceding decade the number of individuals with peripheral artery disease increased by 28 · 7 % in LMIC and 13 · 1 % in HIC . In the 21st century , peripheral artery disease has become a global problem . Governments , non-governmental organisations , and the private sector in LMIC need to address the social and economic consequences , and assess the best strategies for optimum treatment and prevention of this disease . Peripheral Arterial Disease Research Coalition -LRB- Europe -RRB- . New data on the epidemiology of peripheral artery disease -LRB- PAD -RRB- are available , and they should be integrated with previous data . We provide an updated , integrated overview of the epidemiology of PAD , a focused literature review was conducted on the epidemiology of PAD . The PAD results were grouped into symptoms , diagnosis , prevalence , and incidence both in the United States and globally , risk factors , progression , coprevalence with other atherosclerotic disease , and association with incident cardiovascular morbidity and mortality . The most common symptom of PAD is intermittent claudication , but noninvasive measures , such as the ankle-brachial index , show that asymptomatic PAD is several times more common in the population than intermittent claudication . PAD prevalence and incidence are both sharply age-related , rising > 10 % among patients in their 60s and 70s . With aging of the global population , it seems likely that PAD will be increasingly common in the future . Prevalence seems to be higher among men than women for more severe or symptomatic disease . The major risk factors for PAD are similar to those for coronary and cerebrovascular disease , with some differences in the relative importance of factors . Smoking is a particularly strong risk factor for PAD , as is diabetes mellitus , and several newer risk markers have shown independent associations with PAD . PAD is strongly associated with concomitant coronary and cerebrovascular diseases . After adjustment for known cardiovascular disease risk factors , PAD is associated with an increased risk of incident coronary and cerebrovascular disease morbidity and mortality . A comprehensive and systematic assessment of disability and mortality due to lower extremity peripheral artery disease -LRB- PAD -RRB- is lacking . Therefore , we estimated PAD deaths , disability-adjusted life years -LRB- DALYs -RRB- , and years of life lost in 21 regions worldwide for 1990
Caesarean section delivery is becoming more frequent . Childbirth is an emotion-filled event and the mother needs to bond with her newborn baby as early as possible . Any intervention that leads to improvement in pain relief is worthy of investigation . Local anaesthetics , either on their own or in combination with opioids or nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs , have been employed as an adjunct to other postoperative pain relief strategies . Conflicting reports were noted . To assess the effects of local anaesthetic agent wound infiltration/irrIgation and/or abdominal nerve blocks on post-caesarean section pain and the mother 's well being and interaction with her baby . We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group 's Trials Register -LRB- April 2009 -RRB- . Randomised controlled trials of pre-emptive local analgesia during caesarean section . One author extracted data . The second author checked the data . Twenty studies -LRB- 1150 women -RRB- were included . Women who had caesarean section performed under regional analgesia and had wound infiltration had a decrease in morphine consumption at 24 hours -LRB- SMD -1.70 mg ; 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- -2.75 to -0.94 -RRB- compared to placebo.In women under general anaesthesia , with caesarean section wound infiltration and peritoneal spraying with local anaesthetic -LRB- one study , 100 participants -RRB- , the need for opioid rescue was reduced -LRB- risk ratio -LRB- RR -RRB- 0.51 ; 95 % CI 0.38 to 0.69 -RRB- . The numerical pain score -LRB- 0 to10 -RRB- within the first hour was also reduced -LRB- mean difference -LRB- MD -RRB- -1.46 ; 95 % CI -2.60 to -0.32 -RRB- . Women with regional analgesia who had local anaesthetic and non-steriodal anti-inflammatory cocktail wound infiltration consumed less morphine -LRB- one study , 60 participants ; MD -7.40 mg ; 95 % CI -9.58 to -5.22 -RRB- compared to local anaesthetic control.Women who had regional analgesia with abdominal nerves blocked had decreased opioid consumption -LRB- four studies , 175 participants ; MD -25.80 mg ; 95 % CI -50.39 to -5.37 -RRB- . For the outcome of visual analogue scale 0 to 10 over 24 hours , no advantage was demonstrated in the single study of 50 participants who had wound infiltrated with a mixture of local analgesia and narcotics versus local analgesia.Addition of ketamine to the local analgesia in women who had regional analgesia does not confer any advantage . Local analgesia infiltration and abdominal nerve blocks as adjuncts to regional analgesia and general anaesthesia are of benefit in caesarean section by reducing opioid consumption . Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs as an adjuvant may confer additional pain relief . Surgical site infiltration and transversus abdominis plane -LRB- TAP -RRB- blocks are commonly used to improve pain relief after lower abdominal surgery . This randomized , observer-blinded study was designed to compare the analgesic efficacy of TAP blocks with surgical site infiltration in patients undergoing open total abdominal hysterectomy via a Pfannenstiel incision . Patients were randomized to receive either bilateral ultrasound-guided TAP blocks using bupivacaine 0.5 % 20 mL on each side -LRB- n = 30 -RRB- or surgical site infiltration with liposomal bupivacaine 266 mg diluted to 60 mL injected in the preperitoneal , subfascial , and subcutaneous planes -LRB- n = 30 -RRB- . The remaining aspects of the perioperative care were standardized . An investigator blinded to the group allocation documented pain scores at rest and with coughing , opioid requirements , nausea , vomiting , and rescue antiemetics in the postanesthesia care unit and at 2 , 6 , 12 , 24 , and 48 hours postoperatively . The primary outcome measure was pain scores on coughing at 6 hours postoperatively . One patient in each group was excluded from the analysis because of reoperation within 24 hours in the TAP block group and change of incision type in the infiltration group . The pain scores at rest and with coughing were significantly lower in the surgical site infiltration group at all postoperative time points -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- except at rest in the postanesthesia care unit . The opioid requirements between 24 and 48 hours were significantly lower in the infiltration group -LRB- P = 0.009 -RRB- . The nausea scores , occurrence of vomiting , and need for rescue antiemetics were similar . Surgical site infiltration provided superior pain relief at rest and on coughing , as well as reduced opioid consumption for up to 48 hours . Future studies need to compare TAP blocks with liposomal bupivacaine with surgical site infiltration with liposomal bupivacaine . To investigate opioid use and pain scores associated with incisional injection of liposomal bupivacaine compared with bupivacaine hydrochloride after laparotomy for gynecologic malignancies . A retrospective cohort study was conducted to compare abdominal incision infiltration with liposomal bupivacaine with bupivacaine hydrochloride after modification of a pre-existing enhanced recovery pathway . Patients undergoing staging laparotomy or complex cytoreductive surgery under the updated pathway were compared with patients treated under the original pathway -LRB- historic controls -RRB- . Endpoints included cumulative opioid use -LRB- primary outcome -RRB- in oral morphine equivalents and cumulative pain score . In the complex cytoreductive cohort , median oral morphine equivalents were lower in the liposomal bupivacaine group through 24 hours -LRB- 30 compared with 53.5 mg , P = .002 -RRB- , 48 hours -LRB- 37.5 compared with 82.5 mg , P = .005 -RRB- , and the length of stay -LRB- 62 compared with 100.5 mg , P = .006 -RRB- . Fewer liposomal bupivacaine patients required intravenous rescue opioids -LRB- 28.9 % compared with 55.6 % , P < .001 -RRB- or patient-controlled analgesia -LRB- 4.1 % compared with 33.3 % , P < .001 -RRB- . Cumulative pain score was no different between groups through 48 hours -LRB- 161 compared with 158 , P = .69 -RRB- . Postoperative nausea and ileus were less frequent in patients receiving liposomal bupivacaine . Median hospital stay was 5 days in
A three-part , randomized , double-blind , phase IIb trial was conducted in 355 adults with chronic plaque psoriasis . Participants were randomized to receive subcutaneous tildrakizumab -LRB- 5 , 25 , 100 , 200 mg -RRB- or placebo at weeks 0 and 4 -LRB- part I -RRB- and every 12 weeks thereafter until week 52 -LRB- part II -RRB- . Study drug was discontinued at week 52 and participants were followed through week 72 -LRB- part III -RRB- . Primary efficacy end point was Psoriasis Area and Severity Index -LRB- PASI -RRB- 75 response at week 16 . Adverse events -LRB- AEs -RRB- and vital signs were monitored throughout the study . PASI 75 response was generally maintained through week 52 ; only eight of 222 participants who achieved PASI 75 response at week 52 and continued to part III relapsed following discontinuation up to week 72 . Possible drug-related serious AEs included bacterial arthritis and lymphoedema -LRB- part I -RRB- , and melanoma , stroke , epiglottitis and knee infection -LRB- part II -RRB- . Tildrakizumab had treatment effects that were superior to placebo , maintained for 52 weeks of treatment , and persisted for 20 weeks after cessation . Tildrakizumab was generally safe and well tolerated . These results suggest that IL-23p19 is a key target for suppressing psoriasis .
A retrospective study . To analyze adjacent segment degeneration -LRB- ASD -RRB- in 2-level anterior cervical discectomy , comparing fusion with stand-alone cages -LSB- anterior cervical discectomy and fusion -LRB- ACDF -RRB- - CA -RSB- and fusion with cage and plate constructs -LRB- ACDF-CPC -RRB- with respect to clinical outcomes and radiologic changes . ACDF using a stand-alone cage or a cage and plate construct is a popular procedure . However , there is lack of knowledge concerning ASD between the 2 procedures . A total of 42 consecutive patients who underwent 2-level ACDF-CA or ACDF-CPC for 2-level cervical disk disease and who completed 2 years of follow-up were included in this study . The patients were divided into 2 groups : ACDF-CA group -LRB- n = 22 -RRB- and ACDF-CPC group -LRB- n = 20 -RRB- . The following parameters were assessed using radiographs : disk space narrowing , anterior osteophyte formation , calcification of the anterior longitudinal ligament , and fusion status . Clinical outcomes were assessed using the Robinson criteria . No difference in clinical outcomes was observed between the 2 groups . Moreover , the ACDF-CPC group showed a similar fusion rate compared with the ACDF-CA group -LRB- 100 % vs. 95 % , P = 0.335 -RRB- . There was also no statistical significance in anterior osteophyte formation and calcification of the anterior longitudinal ligament . However , mean intervertebral disk height change of an adjacent segment was significantly lower in the ACDF-CA group than the ACDF-CPC group -LRB- upper level : 0.08 ± 0.24 vs. 0.49 ± 0.35 ; lower level : 0.06 ± 0.41 vs. 0.49 ± 0.28 ; P < 0.01 -RRB- . The use of a cage with or without plate constructs in 2-level ACDF provides similar clinical results and fusion rates . Notwithstanding , ACDF-CPC showed a higher incidence of ASD than ACDF-CA over the 2-year follow-up . Anterior lumbar interbody fusion -LRB- ALIF -RRB- followed by pedicle screw fixation -LRB- PSF -RRB- is used to restore the height of the intervertebral disc and provide stability . Recently , stand-alone interbody cage with anterior fixation has been introduced , which eliminates the need for posterior surgery . We compared the biomechanics of the stand-alone interbody cage to that of the interbody cage with additional PSF in ALIF . A three-dimensional , non-linear finite element model -LRB- FEM -RRB- of the L2-5 segment was modified to simulate ALIF in L3-4 . The models were tested under the following conditions : -LRB- 1 -RRB- intact spine , -LRB- 2 -RRB- destabilized spine , -LRB- 3 -RRB- with the interbody cage alone -LRB- type 1 -RRB- , -LRB- 4 -RRB- with the stand-alone cage with anterior fixation -LRB- SynFix-LR ® ; type 2 -RRB- , and -LRB- 5 -RRB- with type 1 in addition to PSF -LRB- type 3 -RRB- . Range of motion -LRB- ROM -RRB- and the stiffness of the operated level , ROM of the adjacent segments , load sharing distribution , facet load , and vertebral body stress were quantified with external loading . The implanted models had decreased ROM and increased stiffness compared to those of the destabilized spine . The type 2 had differences in ROM limitation of 8 % , 10 % , 4 % , and 6 % in flexion , extension , axial rotation , and lateral bending , respectively , compared to those of type 3 . Type 2 had decreased ROM of the upper and lower adjacent segments by 3-11 % and 3-6 % , respectively , compared to those of type 3 . The greatest reduction in facet load at the operated level was observed in type 3 -LRB- 71 % -RRB- , followed by type 2 -LRB- 31 % -RRB- and type 1 -LRB- 23 % -RRB- . An increase in facet load at the adjacent level was highest in type 3 , followed by type 2 and type 1 . The distribution of load sharing in type 2 -LRB- anterior : posterior , 95:5 -RRB- was similar to that of the intact spine -LRB- 89:11 -RRB- , while type 3 migrated posterior -LRB- 75:25 -RRB- to the normal . Type 2 reduced about 15 % of the stress on the lower vertebral endplate compared to that in type 1 . The stress of type 2 increased two-fold compared to the stress of type 3 , especially in extension . The stand-alone interbody cage can provide sufficient stability , reduce stress in adjacent levels , and share the loading distribution in a manner similar to an intact spine . Retrospective study . To compare the efficacy of 2-level anterior cervical discectomy and fusion with cage alone -LRB- ACDF-CA -RRB- and with cage and plate construct -LRB- ACDF-CPC -RRB- with regard to clinical outcome and radiologic changes . The use of stand-alone cervical interbody cages in ACDF has become popular , but high subsidence rates have been reported in the literature . A total of 54 consecutive patients who underwent 2-level ACDF-CA or ACDF-CPC after suffering from cervical radiculopathy were divided into 2 groups : group A -LRB- n = 28 -RRB- underwent ACDF-CA , group B -LRB- n = 26 -RRB- underwent ACDF-CPC . Solid fusion was achieved in 96.43 % -LRB- 27/28 -RRB- in group A and in 96.15 % -LRB- 25/26 -RRB- in group B. Fusion segmental kyphosis of > 5 degrees occurred in 14.29 % -LRB- 4/28 -RRB- of group A and in 7.69 % -LRB- 2/26 -RRB- of group B ; however , there was no statistical difference between the 2 groups -LRB- P > 0.05 -RRB- . Subsidence occurred in 35.71 % -LRB- 10/28 -RRB- of group A as compared with 11.54 % -LRB- 3/26 -RRB- of group B -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . Clinical outcomes were similar in the 2 treatment groups . The use of cage and plate construct in 2-level ACDF results in a shorter fusion duration and a lower subsidence
A prospective , randomized , controlled , double-blind clinical study was performed to determine the short-term efficacy of subacromial injection of corticosteroids for the treatment of subacromial impingement syndrome . Forty patients were randomized to receive either six milliliters of 1 per cent lidocaine without epinephrine -LRB- the control group -RRB- or two milliliters containing forty milligrams of triamcinolone acetonide per milliliter with four milliliters of 1 per cent lidocaine without epinephrine -LRB- the corticosteroid group -RRB- . The patients were re-examined serially until completion of the study . Nineteen patients , whose mean age was fifty-six years -LRB- range , thirty-two to eighty years -RRB- , were randomized to the corticosteroid group , and twenty-one patients , whose mean age was fifty-seven years -LRB- range , thirty-two to eighty-one years -RRB- , were randomized to the control group . The mean duration of symptoms before the injection was eight months for both groups . Eighteen patients in the corticosteroid group and nineteen patients in the control group had moderate or severe pain before the injection . At the most recent follow-up evaluation , at a mean of thirty-three weeks for the corticosteroid group and twenty-eight weeks for the control group , three patients in the corticosteroid group had moderate or severe pain , compared with fifteen patients in the control group . The mean active range of forward elevation and external rotation improved by 24 and 11 degrees , respectively , for the corticosteroid group and by 10 and 5 degrees , respectively , for the control group . We concluded that subacromial injection of corticosteroids is an effective short-term therapy for the treatment of symptomatic subacromial impingement syndrome . The use of such injections can substantially decrease pain and increase the range of motion of the shoulder . Elbow epicondylar tendinosis is a common problem that usually resolves with nonoperative treatments . When these measures fail , however , patients are interested in an alternative to surgical intervention . Treatment of chronic severe elbow tendinosis with buffered platelet-rich plasma will reduce pain and increase function in patients considering surgery for their problem . Cohort study ; Level of evidence , 2 . One hundred forty patients with elbow epicondylar pain were evaluated in this study . All these patients were initially given a standardized physical therapy protocol and a variety of other nonoperative treatments . Twenty of these patients had significant persistent pain for a mean of 15 months -LRB- mean , 82 of 100 ; range , 60-100 of 100 on a visual analog pain scale -RRB- , despite these interventions . All patients were considering surgery . This cohort of patients who had failed nonoperative treatment was then given either a single percutaneous injection of platelet-rich plasma -LRB- active group , n = 15 -RRB- or bupivacaine -LRB- control group , n = 5 -RRB- . Sixty percent -LRB- 3 of 5 -RRB- of the control subjects withdrew or sought other treatments after the 8-week period , preventing further direct analysis . Therefore , only the patients treated with platelet-rich plasma were available for continued evaluation . At final follow-up -LRB- mean , 25.6 months ; range , 12-38 months -RRB- , the platelet-rich plasma patients reported 93 % reduction in pain compared with before the treatment -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- . Treatment of patients with chronic elbow tendinosis with buffered platelet-rich plasma reduced pain significantly in this pilot investigation . Further evaluation of this novel treatment is warranted . Finally , platelet-rich plasma should be considered before surgical intervention . While many treatments , including corticosteroid injections in and around the shoulder , are advocated to be of benefit for shoulder pain , few are of proven efficacy . This review of corticosteroid injections for shoulder pain is one in a series of reviews of varying interventions for shoulder disorders . To determine the efficacy and safety of corticosteroid injections in the treatment of adults with shoulder pain . MEDLINE , EMBASE , CINAHL , Central and Science Citation Index were searched up to and including June 2002 . Randomised and pseudo-randomised trials in all languages of corticosteroid injections compared to placebo or another intervention , or of varying types and dosages of steroid injection in adults with shoulder pain . Specific exclusions were duration of shoulder pain less than three weeks , rheumatoid arthritis , polymyalgia rheumatica and fracture . Trial inclusion and methodological quality was assessed by two independent reviewers according to predetermined criteria . Results are presented separately for rotator cuff disease , adhesive capsulitis , full thickness rotator cuff tear and mixed diagnoses , and , where possible , combined in meta-analysis . Twenty-six trials met inclusion criteria . The number , site and dosage of injections varied widely between studies . The number of participants per trial ranged from 20 to 114 -LRB- median 52 participants -RRB- . Methodological quality was variable . For rotator cuff disease , subacromial steroid injection was demonstrated to have a small benefit over placebo in some trials however no benefit of subacromial steroid injection over NSAID was demonstrated based upon the pooled results of three trials . For adhesive capsulitis , two trials suggested a possible early benefit of intra-articular steroid injection over placebo but there was insufficient data for pooling of any of the trials . One trial suggested short-term benefit of intra-articular corticosteroid injection over physiotherapy in the short-term -LRB- success at seven weeks RR = 1.66 -LRB- 1.21 , 2.28 -RRB- . Despite many RCTs of corticosteroid injections for shoulder pain , their small sample sizes , variable methodological quality and heterogeneity means that there is little overall evidence to guide treatment . Subacromial corticosteroid injection for rotator cuff disease and intra-articular injection for adhesive capsulitis may be beneficial although their effect may be small and not well-maintained . There is a need for further trials investigating the efficacy of corticosteroid injections for shoulder pain . Other important issues that
A number of transurethral ablative techniques based on the use of innovative medical devices have been introduced in the recent past for the surgical treatment of benign prostatic obstruction -LRB- BPO -RRB- . To conduct a systematic review of the literature and a meta-analysis of available randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- , and to evaluate the efficacy and safety of transurethral ablative procedures for BPO . A systematic literature search was performed for all RCTs comparing any transurethral surgical technique for BPO to another between 1992 and 2013 . Efficacy was evaluated after a minimum follow-up of 1 yr based on International Prostate Symptom Score , maximum flow rate , and postvoid residual volume . Efficacy at midterm follow-up , prostate volume , perioperative data , and short-term and long-term complications were also assessed . Data were analyzed using RevMan software . A total of 69 RCTs -LRB- 8517 enrolled patients -RRB- were included . However , B-TURP was associated with a lower rate of perioperative complications . Better short-term efficacy outcomes , fewer immediate complications , and a shorter hospital stay were found after holmium laser enucleation of the prostate -LRB- HoLEP -RRB- compared with M-TURP . Compared with M-TURP , GreenLight photoselective vaporization of the prostate -LRB- PVP -RRB- was associated with a shorter hospital stay and fewer complications but no different short-term efficacy outcomes . This meta-analysis shows that HoLEP is associated with more favorable outcomes than M-TURP in published RCTs . B-TURP and PVP have resulted in better perioperative outcomes without significant differences regarding efficacy parameters after short-term follow-up compared with M-TURP . Further studies are needed to provide long-term comparative data and head-to head comparisons of emerging techniques . Bipolar transurethral resection of the prostate , photovaporization of the prostate , and holmium laser enucleation of the prostate have shown efficacy outcomes comparable with conventional techniques yet reduce the complication rate . The respective role of these new options in the surgical armamentarium needs to be refined to propose tailored surgical treatment for benign prostatic obstruction relief . To assess whether bipolar transurethral resection of the prostate using the TURis -LRB- Olympus , Tokyo , Japan -RRB- system demonstrates comparable efficacy and safety reporting 36 months of follow-up findings . The trial was registered at University hospital Medical Information Network Clinical Trials Registry in Japan -LRB- trial number UMIN 000010801 -RRB- . Patients were randomly selected to undergo transurethral resection of the prostate using either the TURis or the conventional monopolar technique . Primary end points were safety according to operation time , decline of sodium and hemoglobin levels , clot retention , and catheterization time . Secondary end points were efficacy findings for patients after 36 months of follow-up . A total of 136 patients were enrolled . Mean operation times were significantly prolonged in the TURis group -LRB- 68.4 and 79.5 minutes for monopolar and TURis groups , respectively ; P = .048 -RRB- . No significant differences in the decline of hemoglobin , hematocrit , and perioperative transfusion rates between groups were seen , whereas clot retention -LRB- grade 2 -RRB- after the treatment seemed to occur more often in the monopolar group -LRB- 7 of 62 -LSB- 12.3 % -RSB- in monopolar group vs 1 of 63 -LSB- 1/8 % -RSB- in TURis group ; P = .061 -RRB- . No case presented symptomatic transurethral resection syndrome in either groups . To investigate the factors contributing to pioglitazone-induced edema , we analyzed sodium excretion and several clinical parameters before and after administration of pioglitazone . We analyzed these parameters before and after 8 weeks of administration of pioglitazone to female subjects with type 2 diabetes . When we evaluated whether a significant correlation was found between salt excretion and blood pressure , six patients showed such correlation and 20 patients did not . After 8 weeks of pioglitazone administration , five patients had developed edema , and , surprisingly , such correlation was not found in all five subjects . Salt excretion after administration of pioglitazone was significantly lower in subjects who developed edema and those who showed the correlation , and the hematocrit was significantly lower after administration in the subjects who showed the correlation , but not in the edema group . Pioglitazone-induced edema would be caused not only by fluid retention , but also by other factors , such as vascular permeability . -LRB- J Diabetes Invest , doi : 10.1111 / j.2040-1124.2010.00046.x , 2010 -RRB- . To evaluate the efficacy and safety of monopolar -LRB- M-TURP -RRB- and bipolar -LRB- B-TURP -RRB- transurethral resection of the prostate in benign prostatic hypertrophy -LRB- BPH -RRB- patients . Eligible randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- were identified from electronic databases without language restrictions . Database search , quality assessment , and data extraction were independently performed . The primary postoperative outcomes of topical M-TURP and B-TURP were maximum flow rate -LRB- Qmax -RRB- and/or International Prostate Symptom Score -LRB- IPSS -RRB- . Safety was estimated by TUR syndrome ; need for transfusion ; clot retention ; bladder neck contracture -LRB- BNC -RRB- ; urethral stricture -LRB- US -RRB- ; and catheter removal time . Efficacy and safety were investigated using the Review Manager . Thirty-one trials met the inclusion criteria . Pooled analysis revealed significant difference in efficacy between the M-TURP and B-TURP groups . Safety analysis revealed significant improvement in the TUR syndrome with B-TURP than with M-TURP . Pooled analysis revealed that clot retention was significantly higher in M-TURP than in B-TURP . Moreover , pooled analysis revealed no significant difference between both groups in the blood transfusion frequency or late complications -LRB- urethral strictures -RRB- and bladder neck constriction . This systematic review indicates that B-TURP was significantly better in the result of Qmax and for decreasing the incidence of TUR syndrome and clot retention . No significant differences were observed in the nature of adverse events such as transfusions , retention after catheter removal
Currently , the first-line oral treatment for ED is phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors -LRB- PDE5Is -RRB- . Patients with diabetes mellitus -LRB- DM -RRB- , those who have undergone a radical prostatectomy -LRB- RP -RRB- , and the elderly population are difficult to treat by the PDE5Is ; unrevealed CSM defects can result in corporo veno-occlusive dysfunction -LRB- CVOD -RRB- ; and penile veno-ligation surgeries are currently abandoned due to high failure rates . It has been found that gene and stem cell therapies , among others , reduce cavernous tissue apoptosis and fibrosis and can specifically target CSM defects such as the nitric oxide -LRB- NO -RRB- - mediated signaling pathway , Rho-ROCK system , and transformation growth factor -LRB- TGF -RRB- - β1/angiotensin II -LRB- Ang II -RRB- pathway , in several laboratory animals . Current data clarify the need of diagnostic techniques that can provide an initial assessment of CSM . This assessment should be essential before giving a diagnosis of vascular ED and before applying several tests searching for a specific CSM defect to guide the specific therapy . However , penile elastography can determine the stiffness of tissues and corpus cavernosum electromyography -LRB- CC-EMG -RRB- can assess the integrated activity of CSM bulk , further refinements are required for these techniques before being considered in the evaluation of patients with ED . In conclusion , on the basis of the current scientific research , it may be possible to formulate new therapies and achieve the appropriate selection of patients who can benefit from these therapies . Development of cavernous tissue fibrosis due to neurovascular bundle damage during radical prostatectomy has been shown in many trials with invasive methods . In this study , we evaluated the changes in cavernous tissue elasticity by elastography in patients who underwent radical prostatectomy with or without neurovascular bundle preservation . Data from 65 patients underwent open retropubic radical prostatectomy between April 2014 and December 2015 was collected prospectively . Patients were grouped with respect to nerve-sparing status -LRB- non - , unilateral , and bilateral nerve sparing -RRB- . International Index of Erectile Function scores , penile lengths , and elasticity scores were recorded at preoperative and postoperative follow-up visits -LRB- at 3rd and 6th months -RRB- . The primary endpoint of the study was to evaluate the changes of the elasticity scores in all groups . Elasticity scores were measured with real-time elastography by a single experienced radiologist . At postoperative 3rd and 6th months , statistically significant higher -LRB- in favor for fibrosis -RRB- mean cavernous body elasticity scores -LRB- p = 0.0001 -RRB- , lower mean IIEF-5 scores -LRB- p = 0.0001 -RRB- , and shorter penile lengths -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- were observed in non-nerve-sparing group compared to other groups while there were no statistically significant differences between unilateral and bilateral nerve-sparing groups . Very strong negative correlation was detected between IIEF-5 and elasticity scores -LRB- p = 0.0001 -RRB- . According to our results , preservation of the neurovascular bundle in at least one side mediates lower elasticity scores , better International Index of Erectile Function scores , and penile lengths . Preliminary results of the penile elastography studies are promising for prediction of erectile functions and cavernous tissue fibrosis .
Patients with Parkinson 's disease -LRB- PD -RRB- commonly develop lower urinary tract symptoms -LRB- LUTS -RRB- as their disease severity progresses . It is a well-established fact that neurodegeneration of the nigrostriatal dopaminergic pathway occurs in PD . This neurochemical deficiency explains many of the motor disturbances encountered in patients with PD . However , the underlying cause of urinary dysfunction present in over half of patients with PD is poorly understood . Without clearly understanding the underlying pathophysiological and neurochemical mechanisms of LUTS associated with PD , treatment strategies are mainly empirical in nature . This review presents the most recent studies and evidence on the pathophysiological mechanisms of PD-related voiding dysfunction and its available therapies . There is ample evidence from a large number of clinical and pathological studies of an early involvement of olfactory bulbs and cortex in the Lewy body pathology in idiopathic Parkinson 's disease -LRB- iPD -RRB- , the olfactory system being one of the first targets of degeneration in this condition . The olfactory dysfunction may be measurably present at the time of initial presentation and progresses in a proportion of patients as the disease advances . Patients with iPD have a more severe olfactory loss as compared to multisystem atrophy whereas the syndromes of corticobasal degeneration and progressive supranuclear palsy have no olfactory loss . A proportion of drug induced parkinsonism may have olfactory loss indicative of primary pathology of dopaminergic degeneration in these patients . Unlike single photon emission tomography , formal measurement of olfaction would provide a supportive role in diagnosing or excluding iPD depending on the duration of an individual patient 's parkinsonian symptoms . Whilst olfaction may be only minimally impaired in early stages and may thus not help to differentiate from other syndromes , an intact olfaction in patients with parkinsonism of few years ' duration would indicate a non-iPD pathology . Olfactory measurement is easy , cheap and now easily available in a number of tests , and olfactory assessment at different stages of parkinsonism should be used as a diagnostic aid for idiopathic PD and would enhance the diagnostic accuracy of iPD when used in conjunction with the UK Parkinson 's disease society Brain Bank supportive criteria for diagnosis of idiopathic Parkinson 's disease . A randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , four-way crossover , safety study of darifenacin versus oxybutynin was carried out on 76 patients with overactive bladder -LRB- OAB -RRB- . Adults with OAB received 2 weeks each of darifenacin 15 and 30 mg once daily -LRB- q.d. -RRB- , oxybutynin 5 mg three times daily -LRB- t.i.d. -RRB- and placebo , in random sequence at 10-day intervals . Darifenacin and oxybutynin significantly reduced incontinence episodes , and the number/severity of urgency episodes -LRB- all P < 0.05 versus placebo -RRB- . Improvements in OAB symptoms with darifenacin were dose-dependent . Dry mouth was less common with darifenacin 15 mg than oxybutynin -LRB- 13 % and 36 % ; P < 0.05 -RRB- , while constipation was comparable -LRB- 10 % and 8 % , respectively -RRB- . Corresponding rates for darifenacin 30 mg were 34 % and 21 % , respectively . Patients only reported blurred vision or dizziness with oxybutynin -LRB- 3 % and 2 % , respectively -RRB- . This study compared the effectiveness of solifenacin succinate -LRB- SS -RRB- versus percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation -LRB- PTNS -RRB- in women with overactive bladder syndrome -LRB- OABS -RRB- . A randomized controlled crossover study of 40 women with OABS was performed . Patients were randomized into two groups . In group A , patients received SS and then PTNS . In group B , patients underwent PTNS and then SS . Voiding diaries , quality of life surveys and patient perception of intensity of urgency questionnaire were performed before and after each treatment . The global impression of improvement questionnaire was performed at the end of the study . There was an increase in voided volume in all groups with both SS and PTNS , but patients treated with PTNS had a greater increase . PTNS showed greater effectiveness in patient perception of urgency and quality of life . This study demonstrates the effectiveness of SS and PTNS In women with overactive bladder symptoms . However , greater improvements were found with PTNS . To assess the efficacy of fesoterodine 8 mg vs extended-release -LRB- ER -RRB- tolterodine 4 mg for overactive bladder -LRB- OAB -RRB- symptoms in terms of patient-reported outcomes in women and in men . Pooled data from two 12-week , randomized , double-blind , double-dummy studies were analysed . Participants eligible for the studies were ≥ 18 years old , had self-reported OAB symptoms for ≥ 3 months in 3-day baseline diaries and had ≥ 8 micturitions and ≥ 1 urgency urinary incontinence -LRB- UUI -RRB- episode per 24 h. Individuals were randomized to fesoterodine -LRB- 4 mg for 1 week then 8 mg for 11 weeks -RRB- , ER tolterodine -LRB- 4 mg -RRB- , or placebo . Changes from baseline in 3-day bladder diary variables and scores from the Patient Perception of Bladder Condition -LRB- PPBC -RRB- , Urgency Perception Scale -LRB- UPS -RRB- , and Overactive Bladder Questionnaire -LRB- OAB-q -RRB- , were assessed , as was the ` diary-dry ' rate -LRB- the proportion of subjects with > 0 UUI episodes according to baseline diary and no UUI episodes according to post-baseline diary -RRB- . The primary endpoint was the change from baseline to week 12 in UUI episodes . At week 12 , women showed significantly greater improvement with fesoterodine 8 mg -LRB- n = 1374 -RRB- than with ER tolterodine 4 mg -LRB- n = 1382 -RRB- and placebo -LRB- n = 679 -RRB- in UUI episodes -LRB- primary endpoint -RRB- , micturition frequency , urgency episodes , and all other diary endpoints -LRB- except nocturnal micturitions versus ER tolterodine -RRB- , and also in scores on the PPBC
The biodistribution and calculated radiation-absorbed doses of -LSB- 123I -RSB- beta-CIT administered to eight healthy subjects were measured with attention to the accurate determination of organ time-activity data . Following administration of 92.5 + / - 22.2 MBq -LRB- 2.5 + / - 0.6 mCi -RRB- of -LSB- 123I -RSB- beta-CIT , subjects were imaged with a whole-body imager every 30 min for 3 hr , every 60 min for the next 3 hr and at 12 , 24 and 48 hr postinjection . The peak brain uptake represented 14 % of the injected dose , with 2 % of the activity approximately overlying the striatal region . Highest radiation-absorbed doses were to the lung -LRB- 0.1 mGy/MBq , 0.38 rads/mCi -RRB- , liver -LRB- 0.087 mGy/MBq , 0.32 rads/mCi -RRB- and lower large intestine -LRB- 0.053 mGy/MBq , 0.20 rads/mCi -RRB- .
The mechanism of action of single-dose nevirapine on reducing mother-to-child transmission of HIV-1 may involve reduction of maternal HIV-1 or prophylaxis of infants . In a study that randomized pregnant mothers to HIVNET 012 nevirapine versus short-course antenatal zidovudine , we compared breast milk HIV-1 RNA viral shedding and administration of single-dose nevirapine between mothers who transmitted HIV-1 to their infants at 6 weeks postpartum and those who did not . In multivariate analyses , maximum breast milk HIV-1 RNA levels -LRB- hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- = 2.50 , 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- : 1.25 to 4.99 ; P = 0.01 -RRB- and nevirapine use -LRB- HR = 0.12 , 95 % CI : 0.02 to 0.97 ; P = 0.05 -RRB- were each independently associated with perinatal transmission at 6 weeks postpartum . Mothers who transmitted HIV-1 to their infants had significantly higher HIV-1 RNA levels in their breast milk between the second day and sixth week postpartum . Peripartum administration of single-dose nevirapine to mother and infant decreases early perinatal HIV-1 transmission by means of breast milk HIV-1 RNA suppression and , independently , by providing the infant with exposure prophylaxis . Defining the effect of antiretroviral regimens on breast milk HIV type-1 -LRB- HIV-1 -RRB- levels is useful to inform the rational design of strategies to decrease perinatal HIV-1 transmission . Pregnant HIV-1 seropositive women -LRB- CD4 + T-cell count > 250 and < 500 cells/mm3 -RRB- electing to breastfeed in Nairobi , Kenya were randomized to highly active antiretroviral therapy -LRB- HAART ; zidovudine -LSB- ZDV -RSB- , lamivudine and nevirapine -LSB- NVP -RSB- -RRB- during pregnancy and 6 months post-partum or to short-course ZDV plus single-dose NVP -LRB- ZDV/NVP -RRB- . Breast milk samples were collected two to three times per week in the first month post-partum . Between November 2003 and April 2006 , 444 breast milk samples were collected from 58 randomized women during the first month after delivery . From 15 to 28 days post-partum , women in the HAART arm had significantly lower levels of breast milk HIV-1 RNA than women randomized to ZDV/NVP -LRB- 1.7 log10 copies/ml -LSB- limit of detection -RSB- versus > 2.10 log10 copies/ml , P < 0.001 -RRB- . In contrast to breast milk HIV-1 RNA , suppression of plasma HIV-1 RNA during the neonatal period was consistently several log10 greater in the HAART arm compared with the ZDV/NVP arm . HAART resulted in lower breast milk HIV-1 RNA than ZDV/NVP ; however , ZDV/NVP yielded comparable breast milk HIV-1 RNA levels in the first 2 weeks post-partum . Breast milk HIV-1 RNA remained suppressed in the ZDV/NVP arm despite increased plasma HIV-1 levels , which might reflect local drug effects or compartmentalization .
Previous results from our phase 3 randomised trial showed that adding cetuximab to primary radiotherapy increased overall survival in patients with locoregionally advanced squamous-cell carcinoma of the head and neck -LRB- LASCCHN -RRB- at 3 years . Here we report the 5-year survival data , and investigate the relation between cetuximab-induced rash and survival . Patients with LASCCHN of the oropharynx , hypopharynx , or larynx with measurable disease were randomly allocated in a 1:1 ratio to receive either comprehensive head and neck radiotherapy alone for 6-7 weeks or radiotherapy plus weekly doses of cetuximab : 400 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- initial dose , followed by seven weekly doses at 250 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- . The trial was un-blinded . The primary endpoint was locoregional control , with a secondary endpoint of survival . Following discussions with the US Food and Drug Administration , the dataset was locked , except for queries to the sites about overall survival , before our previous report in 2006 , so that an independent review could be done . Analyses were done on an intention-to-treat basis . Following completion of treatment , patients underwent physical examination and radiographic imaging every 4 months for 2 years , and then every 6 months thereafter . The trial is registered at www.ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT00004227 . Patients were randomly assigned to receive radiotherapy with -LRB- n = 211 -RRB- or without -LRB- n = 213 -RRB- cetuximab , and all patients were followed for survival . Updated median overall survival for patients treated with cetuximab and radiotherapy was 49.0 months -LRB- 95 % CI 32.8-69.5 -RRB- versus 29.3 months -LRB- 20.6-41.4 -RRB- in the radiotherapy-alone group -LRB- hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- 0.73 , 95 % CI 0.56-0.95 ; p = 0.018 -RRB- . 5-year overall survival was 45.6 % in the cetuximab-plus-radiotherapy group and 36.4 % in the radiotherapy-alone group . Additionally , for the patients treated with cetuximab , overall survival was significantly improved in those who experienced an acneiform rash of at least grade 2 severity compared with patients with no rash or grade 1 rash -LRB- HR 0.49 , 0.34-0.72 ; p = 0.002 -RRB- . For patients with LASCCHN , cetuximab plus radiotherapy significantly improves overall survival at 5 years compared with radiotherapy alone , confirming cetuximab plus radiotherapy as an important treatment option in this group of patients . Cetuximab-treated patients with prominent cetuximab-induced rash -LRB- grade 2 or above -RRB- have better survival than patients with no or grade 1 rash . We conducted a multinational , randomized study to compare radiotherapy alone with radiotherapy plus cetuximab , a monoclonal antibody against the epidermal growth factor receptor , in the treatment of locoregionally advanced squamous-cell carcinoma of the head and neck . Patients with locoregionally advanced head and neck cancer were randomly assigned to treatment with high-dose radiotherapy alone -LRB- 213 patients -RRB- or high-dose radiotherapy plus weekly cetuximab -LRB- 211 patients -RRB- at an initial dose of 400 mg per square meter of body-surface area , followed by 250 mg per square meter weekly for the duration of radiotherapy . The primary end point was the duration of control of locoregional disease ; secondary end points were overall survival , progression-free survival , the response rate , and safety . The median duration of locoregional control was 24.4 months among patients treated with cetuximab plus radiotherapy and 14.9 months among those given radiotherapy alone -LRB- hazard ratio for locoregional progression or death , 0.68 ; P = 0.005 -RRB- . With a median follow-up of 54.0 months , the median duration of overall survival was 49.0 months among patients treated with combined therapy and 29.3 months among those treated with radiotherapy alone -LRB- hazard ratio for death , 0.74 ; P = 0.03 -RRB- . Radiotherapy plus cetuximab significantly prolonged progression-free survival -LRB- hazard ratio for disease progression or death , 0.70 ; P = 0.006 -RRB- . With the exception of acneiform rash and infusion reactions , the incidence of grade 3 or greater toxic effects , including mucositis , did not differ significantly between the two groups . Treatment of locoregionally advanced head and neck cancer with concomitant high-dose radiotherapy plus cetuximab improves locoregional control and reduces mortality without increasing the common toxic effects associated with radiotherapy to the head and neck . -LRB- ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00004227 . -RRB-
Minimum extension and topographic position of tissue destruction for treatment of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia -LRB- CIN -RRB- is determined by the extension and the localization of the pathologic epithelium . In 65 cone specimens , we studied the depth of CIN II crypt involvement and the linear extent and topographic position of the CIN III lesions . The topographic position of the CIN III lesion was related to a reference point R , the most caudal point of the ectocervix . The mean maximum depth of CIN III crypt involvement appeared to be 1.6 + / - 1.0 mm , and the mean linear extent of the CIN III lesion was 7.4 + / - 3.7 mm . The distal border of the CIN III lesion was located at a mean distance of 8.2 + / - 4.4 mm from the reference point R , and the proximal border at a mean distance of 13.3 + / - 3.7 mm . Taking the mean + 2 SD values as directives -LRB- 97.7 % of the population -RRB- suggests that in almost all patients , the depth of crypt involvement did not exceed 3.6 mm ; the linear extent of the CIN III did not exceed 14.8 mm . Furthermore , this implies that in almost all patients , the CIN III lesion was located between 0.6 mm distally -LRB- mean - 2 SD -RRB- and 20.7 mm proximally -LRB- mean + 2 SD -RRB- from the reference point R. Based on these results , we conclude that minimum local tissue destruction for treatment of CIN should have a depth of 4 mm over a distance of 15 mm , and should be localized at least between 1 mm distally and 21 mm proximally from the most caudal point of the ectocervix . Treatment failure for intraepithelial neoplasia of the uterine cervix following electrocautery , cryosurgery , or carbon dioxide laser therapy is related primarily to incomplete eradication of the lesion . This may be due to the depth of crypt involvement , the linear extent , or the location of the abnormal epithelium . In view of this , the extent -LRB- depth and linear extent -RRB- and the location of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia -LRB- CIN -RRB- in 319 cervical cone specimens were analyzed . There is a significant correlation between the severity and the extent of the change . The mean depths of CIN I , II , and III were 0.42 + / - 0.28 , 0.93 + / - 0.71 , and 1.35 + / - 1.15 mm , respectively . The mean linear extents for CIN I , II , and III were 4.10 + / - 2.84 , 5.84 + / - 4.13 , and 7.60 + / - 4.32 mm , respectively . To eradicate 99.7 % of CIN III lesions , it is necessary to destroy the tissue up to 4.80 mm in depth and of sufficient linear extent . While most lesions -LRB- 87.2 % -RRB- involved the transformation zone , 9.7 % were higher in the cervical canal and 3.1 % were located in the ectocervix . Appropriate cytologic samples , endocervical curettage , and colposcopic examination should be employed in evaluating the CIN , and strict criteria should be followed in selecting the patients for conservative management . To determine the involvement of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3 -LRB- CIN3 -RRB- in a population of women in a lower-resource setting . One hundred twelve consecutive cone excision specimens with histological diagnosis of CIN3 were retrieved from the National Institute of Neoplastic Diseases in Lima Peru . Two pathologists independently evaluated each specimen microscopically and confirmed 107 cases that could be measured by optical micrometry . Depth and breadth of the lesions were measured microscopically . The mean maximal depth of cervical involvement by CIN3 was 2 ± 0.13 mm ; depth was less than 3.5 mm in 89.7 % of cases and less than 5 mm in 93.5 % . Mean breadth of CIN3 was 7.3 ± 4.4 mm ; breadth was less than 15.9 mm in 95 % of cases and less than 20.5 mm in 99.7 % . The correlation coefficient between breadth and depth of CIN3 was 0.61 . No significant correlation was found between age and depth . Depth of CIN3 involvement in a developing country is significantly deeper than that reported in the United States . Treatment selection for women with CIN3 and risk of treatment failure may vary between developing and developed countries because of the difference in the depth of lesions . Countries with underscreened populations need to consider the increased disease severity in devising treatment strategies . The depth of wounds created by various concentrations and application techniques of trichloroacetic acid -LRB- TCA -RRB- in a porcine model is evaluated . The depth of tissue necrosis increased with the concentration of TCA . Tape occlusion did not deepen the wound but rather decreased its depth . An inverse relationship of wound depth to epidermal thickness is described . To compare the depth of necrosis achieved using CO2 - and N2O-cryotherapy . We treated 20 women with CO2-cryotherapy and 20 with N2O-cryotherapy 24 h prior to undergoing total hysterectomy for reasons unrelated to cervical cancer . Depth of necrosis in the ectocervix was measured on surgically removed tissue . The mean depth of necrosis for the anterior lip achieved by N2O-cryotherapy was 5.3 mm compared with 3.4 mm by CO2-cryotherapy -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . We found similar results for the posterior lip -LRB- 5.0 vs 3.1 mm ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . Our study showed that CO2-cryotherapy may not achieve the depth of necrosis necessary to completely destroy cervical precancer and therefore may be less robust than N2O-cryotherapy . Cryotherapy is one the methods of treating cervical premalignant lesions . It is particularly suitable for low-resource countries because of it is relative cheaper , has low cost of maintenance ,
Dopamine is a potent modulator of learning and has been implicated in the encoding of stimulus salience . Repetition , however , as required for the acquisition and reacquisition of sensorimotor or cognitive skills -LRB- e.g. , in aphasia therapy -RRB- , decreases salience . We here tested whether increasing brain levels of dopamine during repetitive training improves learning success . Forty healthy humans took 100 mg of the dopamine precursor levodopa or placebo daily for 5 days in a randomized double-blind and parallel-group design . Ninety minutes later on each day , subjects were trained on an artificial vocabulary using a high-frequency repetitive approach . Levodopa significantly enhanced the speed , overall success , and long-term retention of novel word learning in a dose-dependent manner . These findings indicate new ways to potentiate learning in a variety of domains if conventional training alone fails . D-Amphetamine -LRB- AMPH -RRB- was effective in a number of studies on motor and language recovery after stroke , but given safety concerns , its general use after stroke is still debated . Most stroke patients are excluded from treatment because of a significant risk of cardiovascular dysregulation . AMPH acts on multiple transmitter systems , and mainly the noradrenergic actions are related to the cardiovascular effects . If AMPH 's cardiovascular and arousal effects were correlated with its plasticity-enhancing effects in humans , this would imply that desired and undesired effects are inevitably tied . If not , improved cerebral reorganization may not be mediated by AMPH 's arousing effects and could be achieved with substances lacking the undesired cardiovascular effects . As a model for language recovery after stroke , we used a prospective , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled design and taught 40 healthy male subjects an artificial vocabulary of 50 concrete nouns over the course of five consecutive training days -LRB- high-frequency training -RRB- . The associative learning principle involved higher co-occurrences of ` correct ' picture-pseudoword pairings as compared to ` incorrect ' pairings . Increased learning success was maintained 1 month post-training . No correlation was found between training success and drug-induced increases in blood pressure , heart rate , or a facilitation of simple motor reaction time . Our data show that AMPH 's plasticity-enhancing effect in humans is not related to its cardiovascular arousal . This suggests that the beneficial effects in stroke patients could also be obtained by less cardiovascular active drugs .
To develop and validate a scale using variables easily obtained at the bedside for prediction of failure of noninvasive ventilation -LRB- NIV -RRB- in hypoxemic patients . The test cohort comprised 449 patients with hypoxemia who were receiving NIV . This cohort was used to develop a scale that considers heart rate , acidosis , consciousness , oxygenation , and respiratory rate -LRB- referred to as the HACOR scale -RRB- to predict NIV failure , defined as need for intubation after NIV intervention . The highest possible score was 25 points . To validate the scale , a separate group of 358 hypoxemic patients were enrolled in the validation cohort . The failure rate of NIV was 47.8 and 39.4 % in the test and validation cohorts , respectively . At 1 h of NIV the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was 0.88 , showing good predictive power for NIV failure . These results were confirmed in the validation cohort . Moreover , the diagnostic accuracy for NIV failure exceeded 80 % in subgroups classified by diagnosis , age , or disease severity and also at 1 , 12 , 24 , and 48 h of NIV . Among patients with NIV failure with a HACOR score of > 5 at 1 h of NIV , hospital mortality was lower in those who received intubation at ≤ 12 h of NIV than in those intubated later -LSB- 58/88 -LRB- 66 % -RRB- vs. 138/175 -LRB- 79 % -RRB- ; p = 0.03 -RRB- . The HACOR scale variables are easily obtained at the bedside . The scale appears to be an effective way of predicting NIV failure in hypoxemic patients . Early intubation in high-risk patients may reduce hospital mortality .
A clinical evaluation was conducted in six North American centers to determine the ability of APTIMA CT -LRB- ACT -RRB- and APTIMA GC -LRB- AGC -RRB- nucleic acid amplification assays to detect Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae infections in 1,322 men by testing their urethral swabs and first-catch urine -LRB- FCU -RRB- . The results obtained with ACT and AGC assays were compared to an infected patient status determined by testing the specimens with the APTIMA Combo 2 and the BD ProbeTec energy transfer multiplex assays . Symptoms did not influence the values . Positive and negative agreements of the ACT and AGC assays for individual specimens were high , with each comparator assay ranging between 94.3 and 100 % for positives and 93.9 and 99.4 % for negatives . The ACT and AGC assays performed on noninvasive specimens such as FCU effectively identified C. trachomatis or N. gonorrhoeae infections in symptomatic and asymptomatic men and should be suitable for screening male populations . Several nucleic acid amplification tests -LRB- NAATs -RRB- are US Food and Drug Administration-cleared for detecting urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis -LRB- CT -RRB- and Neisseria gonorrhoeae -LRB- GC -RRB- infection , but they have not been adequately evaluated for the relatively common oropharyngeal or rectal CT and GC infections in men who have sex with men -LRB- MSM -RRB- . Multiple swabs were collected from the oropharynx and rectum of MSM attending a city sexually transmitted disease clinic . The specimens were tested by standard culture and the following NAATs : Roche 's Amplicor -LRB- PCR -RRB- , Becton Dickinson 's ProbeTec -LRB- SDA -RRB- , and Gen-Probe 's APTIMA Combo 2 -LRB- AC2 -RRB- for the detection of CT and GC . Confirmatory testing of specimens with discrepant results was done by NAATs using alternate primers . A total of 1110 MSM were enrolled . Based on initial findings on 205 MSM , PCR had a 78.9 % GC specificity with oropharyngeal swabs . Thus , we discontinued PCR testing for the rest of the study . For oropharyngeal GC -LRB- 89 infections detected -RRB- , sensitivities were 41 % for culture , 72 % for SDA , and 84 % for AC2 . For rectal GC -LRB- 88 infections detected -RRB- , sensitivities were 43 % for culture , 78 % for SDA and 93 % for AC2 . For oropharyngeal CT -LRB- 9 infections detected -RRB- , sensitivities were 44 % for culture , 67 % for SDA , and 100 % for AC2 . For rectal CT -LRB- 68 infections detected -RRB- , sensitivities were 27 % for culture , 63 % for SDA , and 93 % for AC2 . Specificities of SDA and AC2 were > or = 99.4 % for both organisms and anatomical sites . AC2 and SDA were far superior to culture for the detection of CT or GC from the oropharynx and rectum with AC2 detecting twice as many infections as culture . Further analyses with larger pharyngeal samples are needed , but clearly NAATs can improve our ability to diagnose rectal and oropharyngeal infection with CT or GC in MSM . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention developed screening and diagnostic testing guidelines for chlamydia and gonorrhea at urethral , rectal , and pharyngeal sites for men who have sex with men -LRB- MSM -RRB- . However , in most clinical settings , rectal chlamydial testing is not performed for MSM , and primarily sexually transmitted disease -LRB- STD -RRB- clinics alone perform routine rectal and pharyngeal gonorrhea screening for asymptomatic men . We evaluated the prevalence of rectal , urethral , and pharyngeal chlamydial and gonococcal infections among MSM seen at the municipal STD clinic and the gay men 's community health center . We also determined the proportion of asymptomatic rectal infections , described the patterns of single and multiple anatomic sites of infection , and evaluated the proportion of chlamydial infections that would be missed and not treated if MSM were not routinely tested for chlamydia . We tested specimens using previously validated nucleic acid amplification tests -LRB- NAATs -RRB- . The prevalence of infection varied by anatomic site -LRB- chlamydia : rectal , 7.9 % ; urethral , 5.2 % ; and pharyngeal , 1.4 % ; for gonorrhea , rectal , 6.9 % ; urethral , 6.0 % ; and pharyngeal , 9.2 % -RRB- . Approximately 85 % of rectal infections were asymptomatic supporting the need for routine screening . Because 53 % of chlamydial infections and 64 % of gonococcal infections were at nonurethral sites , these infections would be missed and not treated if only urethral screening was performed . In addition , > 70 % of chlamydial infections would be missed and not treated if MSM were tested only for gonorrhea . Because these infections enhance both HIV transmission and susceptibility , clinical settings serving MSM should evaluate the prevalence of chlamydial and gonococcal infections by anatomic site using validated NAATs . Self-collected glans and rectal swab specimens from men who have sex with men -LRB- MSM -RRB- may be appropriate , convenient specimens for testing . We evaluated the use of self-collected swabs for the detection of Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae by a transcription-mediated amplification test -LRB- AC2 ; Aptima Combo 2 ; Gen-Probe Inc. -RRB- and a strand displacement amplification test -LRB- SDA ; ProbeTec ; Becton Dickinson Co. -RRB- in MSM seen at the city sexually transmitted disease clinic in San Francisco , CA . For the glans swab specimen , subjects enrolled early in the study rolled a Dacron swab across the meatus three times -LRB- method 1 -RRB- . A slightly more invasive procedure was performed later in the study : the subjects inserted the swab 1/4 in . into the urethra , rotated the swab , and then withdrew the swab -LRB- method 2 -RRB- . For the detection of C. trachomatis and N. gonorrhoeae , all swabs were
The effect of postoperative analgesia on patient-reported outcomes , such as quality of life , quality of recovery , and patient satisfaction , has not been systematically examined . These outcomes are assessed from the patient 's perspective and are recognized as valid and important end-points in clinical medicine and research . We performed a systematic review to examine the effect of postoperative analgesia on patient-reported outcomes . The National Library of Medicine 's Medline and the Cochrane Library databases were searched for the past decade -LRB- Jan , 1996 to Jun 1 , 2006 -RRB- . Additional Medline searches for specific outcomes -LRB- i.e. , satisfaction , quality of life , and quality of recovery -RRB- were also conducted . There are insufficient data to determine if the type of analgesic technique , degree of analgesia , and presence of side effects may influence quality of life , quality of recovery , satisfaction , and length of stay , due in part to some significant methodologic issues . Modest reductions in pain scores do not necessarily equate to clinically meaningful improved pain relief for the patient .
The purpose of the current study was to determine the effects of combining systematic parathyroid hormone and a local parathyroid hormone gene therapy in a critical-sized osteotomy model . Rats received bilateral femoral osteotomies followed by implantation of a gene-activated matrix encoding parathyroid hormone -LRB- 1-34 -RRB- on one side and a control gene-activated matrix on te opposite side . Systematic parathyroid hormone -LRB- 1-34 -RRB- or vehicle was injected daily and rats were sacrificed 6 weeks later . Systematic parathyroid hormone increased bone mineral density and bone mineral content measured by dual-energy xray absorptiometry analysis of tibias and vertebrae , and increased serum osteocalcin levels during healing of osteotomies . The combination of systemic and local parathyroid hormone led to higher bone mineral density , bone mineral content , and bone area , a trend for greater radiographic-detected bone area and higher expression of osteocalcin in osteotomy sites when compared with the individual treatment or control groups .
Neural slowing is commonly noted in older adults , with consequences for sensory , motor , and cognitive domains . One of the deleterious effects of neural slowing is impairment of temporal resolution ; older adults , therefore , have reduced ability to process the rapid events that characterize speech , especially in noisy environments . Although hearing aids provide increased audibility , they can not compensate for deficits in auditory temporal processing . Auditory training may provide a strategy to address these deficits . To that end , we evaluated the effects of auditory-based cognitive training on the temporal precision of subcortical processing of speech in noise . After training , older adults exhibited faster neural timing and experienced gains in memory , speed of processing , and speech-in-noise perception , whereas a matched control group showed no changes . Training was also associated with decreased variability of brainstem response peaks , suggesting a decrease in temporal jitter in response to a speech signal . These results demonstrate that auditory-based cognitive training can partially restore age-related deficits in temporal processing in the brain ; this plasticity in turn promotes better cognitive and perceptual skills . Since the dawn of experimental psychology , researchers have sought an understanding of the fundamental relationship between the amplitude of sensory stimuli and the magnitudes of their perceptual representations . Contemporary theories support the view that magnitude is encoded by a linear increase in firing rate established in the primary afferent pathways . In the present study , we have investigated sound intensity coding in the rat primary auditory cortex -LRB- AI -RRB- and describe its plasticity by following paired stimulus reinforcement and instrumental conditioning paradigms . In trained animals , population-response strengths in AI became more strongly nonlinear with increasing stimulus intensity . Individual AI responses became selective to more restricted ranges of sound intensities and , as a population , represented a broader range of preferred sound levels . These experiments demonstrate that the representation of stimulus magnitude can be powerfully reshaped by associative learning processes and suggest that the code for sound intensity within AI can be derived from intensity-tuned neurons that change , rather than simply increase , their firing rates in proportion to increases in sound intensity . The primary sensory cortex is positioned at a confluence of bottom-up dedicated sensory inputs and top-down inputs related to higher-order sensory features , attentional state , and behavioral reinforcement . We tested whether topographic map plasticity in the adult primary auditory cortex and a secondary auditory area , the suprarhinal auditory field , was controlled by the statistics of bottom-up sensory inputs or by top-down task-dependent influences . Rats were trained to attend to independent parameters , either frequency or intensity , within an identical set of auditory stimuli , allowing us to vary task demands while holding the bottom-up sensory inputs constant . We observed a clear double-dissociation in map plasticity in both cortical fields . Rats trained to attend to frequency cues exhibited an expanded representation of the target frequency range within the tonotopic map but no change in sound intensity encoding compared with controls . The degree of topographic map plasticity within the task-relevant stimulus dimension was correlated with the degree of perceptual learning for rats in both tasks . These data suggest that enduring receptive field plasticity in the adult auditory cortex may be shaped by task-specific top-down inputs that interact with bottom-up sensory inputs and reinforcement-based neuromodulator release . Top-down inputs might confer the selectivity necessary to modify a single feature representation without affecting other spatially organized feature representations embedded within the same neural circuitry . Abnormal visual experience during a sensitive period of development disrupts neuronal circuitry in the visual cortex and results in abnormal spatial vision or amblyopia . Here we examined whether playing video games can induce plasticity in the visual system of adults with amblyopia . Specifically 20 adults with amblyopia -LRB- age 15-61 y ; visual acuity : 20/25-20 / 480 , with no manifest ocular disease or nystagmus -RRB- were recruited and allocated into three intervention groups : action videogame group -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- , non-action videogame group -LRB- n = 3 -RRB- , and crossover control group -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- . Our experiments show that playing video games -LRB- both action and non-action games -RRB- for a short period of time -LRB- 40-80 h , 2 h/d -RRB- using the amblyopic eye results in a substantial improvement in a wide range of fundamental visual functions , from low-level to high-level , including visual acuity -LRB- 33 % -RRB- , positional acuity -LRB- 16 % -RRB- , spatial attention -LRB- 37 % -RRB- , and stereopsis -LRB- 54 % -RRB- . Using a cross-over experimental design -LRB- first 20 h : occlusion therapy , and the next 40 h : videogame therapy -RRB- , we can conclude that the improvement can not be explained simply by eye patching alone . We quantified the limits and the time course of visual plasticity induced by video-game experience . The recovery in visual acuity that we observed is at least 5-fold faster than would be expected from occlusion therapy in childhood amblyopia . We used positional noise and modelling to reveal the neural mechanisms underlying the visual improvements in terms of decreased spatial distortion -LRB- 7 % -RRB- and increased processing efficiency -LRB- 33 % -RRB- . Our study had several limitations : small sample size , lack of randomization , and differences in numbers between groups . A large-scale randomized clinical study is needed to confirm the therapeutic value of video-game treatment in clinical situations . Nonetheless , taken as a pilot study , this work suggests that video-game play may provide important principles for treating amblyopia , and perhaps other cortical dysfunctions . ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01223716 . Auditory training has long been advocated to enhance communication but has never been time or cost-effective . This article describes the
Patient compliance with the necessary 4 liters of colon lavage fluid is essential . These are the patients who are likely to have poorly cleansed bowels . Patient preference for flavor of lavage is not known . A randomized controlled trial of 130 patients was undertaken to learn whether Colyte flavor made a difference in bowel cleansing . Results suggest flavor is not a factor in patients ' completion of the prep nor cleansing effectiveness . As unflavored Colyte costs less than flavored , cost savings can result from continuing use of unflavored Colyte . While this clinical trial did not answer the dilemma about how to improve colon preparation , the staff 's process of conducting nursing research inspired critical thinking and innovative problem-solving . Patients who are undergoing a colonoscopy are required to do a bowel cleansing the day before the procedure . Without proper bowel cleansing , colonic lesions such as polyps , neoplasms , and arteriovenous malformations -LRB- AVMs -RRB- may go undetected by being covered with small particles of stool -LRB- Cohen et al. , 1994 -RRB- . Poor bowel cleansing results in the need for repeat colon preparation and repeat procedure , which pose risk and discomfort for the patient and cost for the staff and institution . Done under moderate sedation , colonoscopy poses potential cardiac risks and respiratory problems for the patient . In addition , the endoscopy procedure itself could cause perforation and bleeding . Avoiding repeat procedures because of failed colonic preparation is , therefore , essential for patient safety and organization cost . Optimally , completing the colon prep solution results in adequate bowel cleansing . Prep flavor was theorized to be a possible cause of noncompliance . The purposes of this study were to determine whether patients ' preferred prep solution would yield better compliance with the colon lavage solution and whether the improved compliance results in an adequately prepared bowel .
To assess the utility of bedside ultrasound performed by an emergency physician in adults undergoing diagnostic lumbar puncture . Ultrasound was used as the primary means of determining the site of skin puncture , angle of needle advancement and depth needed to access the subarachnoid space . Cerebrospinal fluid was obtained from 36 of 39 patients -LRB- 92.3 % -RRB- in the first interspinous space attempted . The ultrasonographically measured depth of the dura mater correlates strongly with the final needle depth . Lumbar punctures are commonly performed in the pediatric emergency department . There is no standard , recommended , optimal position for children who are undergoing the procedure . To determine a position for lumbar punctures where the interspinous space is maximized , as measured by bedside ultrasound . A prospective convenience sample of children under age 12 was performed . Using a portable ultrasound device , the L3-L4 or L4-L5 interspinous space was measured with the subject in 5 different positions . The primary outcome was the interspinous distance between 2 adjacent vertebrae . Data were analyzed by comparing pairwise differences . There were 28 subjects enrolled -LRB- 13 girls and 15 boys -RRB- at a median age of 5 years . The sitting-flexed position provided a significantly increased interspinous space -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- . Flexion of the hips increased the interspinous space in both the sitting and lateral recumbent positions -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- . Flexion of the neck , did not significantly change the interspinous space -LRB- P = .998 -RRB- . The interspinous space of the lumbar spine was maximally increased with children in the sitting position with flexed hips ; therefore we recommend this position for lumbar punctures . In the lateral recumbent position , neck flexion does not increase the interspinous space and may increase morbidity ; therefore , it is recommended to hold patients at the level of the shoulders as to avoid neck flexion .
The efficacy and occurrence of adverse effects after two forms of treatment were compared in 111 patients with biliary colic and radiolucent gallstones in this prospective , nonrandomized study . Fifty-four patients received extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy -LRB- ESL -RRB- plus ursodiol , and 57 patients received ursodiol alone . Among patients with a single stone -LRB- 5-20 mm in size -RRB- , no patient treated with ursodiol alone had a stone-free gallbladder at 6 or 12 months after treatment ; of those treated with ESL plus ursodiol , 15 of 24 patients -LRB- 63 % -RRB- had a stone-free gallbladder at 6 months and 17 of 20 patients -LRB- 85 % -RRB- at 12 months . For patients with multiple stones -LRB- with an aggregate diameter of less than or equal to 30 mm -RRB- , the incidence of a stone-free gallbladder was 2 of 43 patients -LRB- 5 % -RRB- at 6 months and 8 of 35 patients -LRB- 23 % -RRB- at 12 months in the ursodiol treatment group . In the ESL plus ursodiol group , the incidence of a stone-free gallbladder was 7 of 22 patients -LRB- 32 % -RRB- at 6 months and 9 of 20 patients -LRB- 45 % -RRB- at 12 months . Two patients in the ESL plus ursodiol group -LRB- 4 % -RRB- and 13 patients in the ursodiol group -LRB- 24 % -RRB- underwent cholecystectomy . Both patients in the ESL plus ursodiol therapy and 4 patients in the ursodiol group had emergency cholecystectomies because of acute cholecystitis . The remaining 9 patients in the ursodiol group had elective cholecystectomies . In this nonrandomized , prospective study , ESL plus ursodiol treatment produced stone-free gallbladders at a faster rate than ursodiol alone in patients with either single or multiple gallstones . At Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas , we began performing lithotripsy with the Medstone STS lithotripter for gallstones in January 1988 and in the first year treated 81 patients . Fifty-five of these patients were available for 4-month follow-up . We randomized half of the patients to receive ursodeoxycholic acid for 7 days prior to lithotripsy and gave all of the patients ursodeoxycholic acid after lithotripsy . Only 10.4 percent of the patients who contacted us ultimately proved to be candidates for lithotripsy . Gallstone fragmentation occurred in 95 percent of all patients and in 97 percent of those patients with solitary stones under 20 mm in size . The rate of clearance for solitary stones less than 20 mm in size was 50 percent . Unfavorable effects ascribable to lithotripsy were infrequent . All of the patients had pain before treatment , and one-third complained of biliary colic after treatment . Minor skin bruising which resolved in 1 to 5 days was found in 20 percent of the patients . This study lends credence to the findings of previous studies and demonstrates that lithotripsy combined with bile acid therapy is a useful therapy for cholelithiasis . To evaluate the long-term results of three types of shock wave treatment in patients with radiolucent gallbladder stones . Cohort study . Single-center trial . Of 5824 patients with gallstones , 19 % were eligible ; 711 patients were treated . Patients received extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy as well as adjuvant therapy with bile acids . Lithotripsy was done in three ways , using a water-tank lithotriptor -LRB- group A -RRB- , a water-cushion lithotriptor at low energy levels -LRB- group B -RRB- , and a water-cushion lithotriptor at high energy levels -LRB- group C -RRB- . The rate of complete fragment clearance 9 to 12 months after lithotripsy was done differed significantly among the three groups : Among patients with single stones of 20 mm or less in diameter , the rate of fragment clearance for group A was 76 % ; for group B , it was 60 % ; and for group C , it was 83 % -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- . Among patients with single stones of 21 to 30 mm , the rate of fragment clearance for group A was 63 % ; for group B , it was 32 % ; and for group C , it was 58 % -LRB- P less than 0.005 -RRB- . Among patients with two or three stones , the rate of fragment clearance for group A was 38 % ; for group B , it was 16 % ; and for group C , it was 46 % -LRB- P = 0.01 -RRB- . Patients with fragments of 3 mm or less 24 hours after lithotripsy was done showed a higher probability of fragment disappearance than did those with larger fragments -LRB- P less than 0.001 -RRB- . The clearance rate was higher in patients who were compliant than in those who were noncompliant with bile acid therapy -LRB- P less than 0.001 -RRB- . Adverse effects included liver hematoma in 1 patients , biliary pain attacks in 253 patients -LRB- 36 % -RRB- , mild biliary pancreatitis in 13 patients -LRB- 2 % -RRB- , and cholestasis in 7 patients -LRB- 1 % -RRB- . We report the recurrence rate of gallstone within 5 years after successful lithotripsy . One hundred and fifty consecutive patients -LRB- solitary stones , 102 patients ; multiple stones , 48 patients -RRB- were followed up for a median of 42 months -LRB- range 6-72 -RRB- after stone clearance and cessation of bile acid therapy . No patient received any therapy to prevent recurrence . Thirty-seven patients developed recurrent gallstones . Probabilities of recurrence were -LRB- mean + / - SD -RRB- 6.6 % + / - 2 % , 15.7 % + / - 3 % , 22.8 % + / - 3.6 % , 29.7 % + / - 4.5 % , 32.2 % + / - 5 % at 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 years , respectively . The recurrence rate was lower
In December 2019 , a novel coronavirus , now named as SARS-CoV-2 , caused a series of acute atypical respiratory diseases in Wuhan , Hubei Province , China . The disease caused by this virus was termed COVID-19 . The number of death tolls continues to rise and a large number of countries have been forced to do social distancing and lockdown . Lack of targeted therapy continues to be a problem . Epidemiological studies showed that elder patients were more susceptible to severe diseases , while children tend to have milder symptoms . Here we reviewed the current knowledge about this disease and considered the potential explanation of the different symptomatology between children and adults . Highly pathogenic H5N1 infections are often accompanied by excessive pro-inflammatory response , high viral titer , and apoptosis ; as such , the efficient control of these infections poses a great challenge . The pathogenesis of influenza virus infection is also related to oxidative stress . In this study , the H5N1 infection in lung epithelial cells decreased Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase -LRB- SOD1 -RRB- expression at mRNA and protein levels . Forced SOD1 expression significantly inhibited the H5N1-induced increase in reactive oxygen species , decreased pro-inflammatory response , prevented p65 and p38 phosphorylation , and impeded viral ribonucleoprotein nuclear export and viral replication . The SOD1 overexpression also rescued H5N1-induced cellular apoptosis and alleviated H5N1-caused mitochondrial dysfunction . Therefore , this study described the role of SOD1 in the replication of H5N1 influenza virus and emphasized the relevance of this enzyme in the control of H5N1 replication in epithelial cells .
Twenty-four HIV-seronegative men , at high risk of HIV infection , were recruited into a phase I/II safety and immunogenicity trial of a prototype HIV vaccine . The immunogen was a synthetic , monovalent , octameric HIV-1MN V3 peptide in an aluminum hydroxide -LRB- alum -RRB- adjuvant . The vaccine had been evaluated previously using a standard 0 - , 1 - , 6-month intramuscular schedule and was found to stimulate neutralizing antibody in 60-90 % of volunteers . Participants were randomized to receive either 500 micrograms -LRB- n = 10 ; high dose -RRB- or 100 micrograms -LRB- n = 10 ; low dose -RRB- of immunogen or placebo -LRB- alum alone ; n = 4 -RRB- at 0 , 1 , and 6 months by subcutaneous injection . Responses to the immunogen were evaluated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay -LRB- ELISA -RRB- - detectable antibody and by proliferative responses . Safety was monitored by both clinical assessment and regular review with a clinical psychologist . One individual -LRB- placebo -RRB- seroconverted while on study , following exposure to HIV . In the evaluable samples , from 19 volunteers , only 7 vaccine recipients -LRB- 3 high dose and 4 low dose -RRB- had demonstrable lymphoproliferative responses to preparations of the immunogen . Subcutaneous administration of its candidate vaccine was safe but did not result in uniform or robust immunological responses .
Systolic blood pressure is used extensively to triage trauma patients as stable or unstable , contrary to Advanced Trauma Life Support recommendations . We hypothesized that systemic hypotension is a late marker of shock . The National Trauma Data Bank was queried -LRB- n = 115,830 -RRB- . Base deficit was used as a measure of circulatory shock . Systolic blood pressure was correlated with the presence and the severity of base-deficit derangement . Systolic blood pressure correlated poorly with base deficit -LRB- r = .28 -RRB- . There was wide variation in systolic blood pressure within each base-deficit group . The mean and median systolic blood pressure did not decrease to less than 90 mm Hg until the base deficit was worse than -20 , with mortality reaching 65 % . We validated the Advanced Trauma Life Support principle that systemic hypotension is a late marker of shock . A normal blood pressure should not deter aggressive evaluation and resuscitation of trauma patients . To evaluate the reliability of the vital signs to evaluate circulatory stability as reflected by cardiac index . Descriptive analysis based on data gathered prospectively , using a predetermined protocol . University-run county hospital , with a large trauma service . Sixty-one high-risk trauma patients with accidental injury who were studied immediately after admission to the Emergency Department , and subsequently , 163 critically ill postoperative ICU patients . Standard fluid therapy , usually crystalloids , but occasionally packed red cell transfusions and colloids , as indicated by clinical criteria . Arterial BP was measured by pressure transducer and arterial catheter ; heart rate -LRB- HR -RRB- was measured by electrocardiograph signal , and cardiac output was measured by thermodilution . In sudden severe hypovolemic hypotension , the mean arterial pressure -LRB- MAP -RRB- nadir -LRB- lowest -RRB- roughly correlated -LRB- r2 = .25 -RRB- with flow , but there was poor correlation -LRB- r2 = .0001 -RRB- when all pressure and flow values were evaluated . The pressure and flow values were obtained throughout the course of the hypotensive episodes during the initial resuscitation in ICU patients and during terminal illnesses . Observations at the time of acute severe hypotensive crises that show rough correlation of MAP and cardiac index should not be extrapolated throughout the entire hypotensive period or to other less extreme clinical situations . The stress response to hypovolemia , with endogenous catecholamines and neural mechanisms , tends to maintain arterial pressure in the face of decreasing flow for a variable period of time . However , when these mechanisms are overwhelmed by prolonged hypovolemia , the pressure decreases precipitously , but not synchronously , with flow . We conclude that blood flow can not reliably be inferred from arterial pressure and heart rate measurements until extreme hypotension occurs . Hemorrhagic shock is a leading cause of death in both civilian and battlefield trauma . Currently available medical monitors provide measures of standard vital signs that are insensitive and nonspecific . More important , hypotension and other signs and symptoms of shock can appear when it may be too late to apply effective life-saving interventions . The resulting challenge is that early diagnosis is difficult because hemorrhagic shock is first recognized by late-responding vital signs and symptoms . The purpose of these experiments was to test the hypothesis that state-of-the-art machine-learning techniques , when integrated with novel non-invasive monitoring technologies , could detect early indicators of blood volume loss and impending circulatory failure in conscious , healthy humans who experience reduced central blood volume . Humans were exposed to progressive reductions in central blood volume using lower body negative pressure as a model of hemorrhage until the onset of hemodynamic decompensation . Continuous , noninvasively measured hemodynamic signals were used for the development of machine-learning algorithms . Accuracy estimates were obtained by building models using signals from all but one subject and testing on that subject . This process was repeated , each time using a different subject . The model was 96.5 % accurate in predicting the estimated amount of reduced central blood volume , and the correlation between predicted and actual lower body negative pressure level for hemodynamic decompensation was 0.89 . Machine modeling can accurately identify reduced central blood volume and predict impending hemodynamic decompensation -LRB- shock onset -RRB- in individuals . Such a capability can provide decision support for earlier intervention . Obtaining blood pressure measurements with traditional sphygomanometry that are insensitive and nonspecific can fail to provide an accurate assessment of patient status , particularly in specific clinical scenarios of acute reduction in central blood volume such as hemorrhage or orthostatic testing . This paper provides a review of newly emerging monitoring technologies that are being developed and integrated to improve patient diagnosis by using collection and feature extraction in real time of arterial waveforms by machine-learning algorithms . With assessment of continuous , noninvasively measured arterial waveforms , machine-learning algorithms have been developed with the capability to predict cardiovascular collapse with > 96 % accuracy and a correlation of 0.89 between the time of predicted and actual cardiovascular collapse -LRB- e.g. , shock , syncope -RRB- using a human model of progressive central hypovolemia . The resulting capability to obtain earlier predictions of imminent hemodynamic instability has significant implications for effective countermeasure applications by the aeromedical community . The ability to obtain real-time , continuous information about changes in features and patterns of arterial waveforms in addition to standard blood pressure provides for the first time the capability to assess the status of circulatory blood volume of the patient and can be used to diagnose progression toward development of syncope or overt shock , or guide fluid resuscitation . Continuous noninvasive arterial pressure monitoring devices are available for bedside use , but the accuracy and precision of these devices have not been evaluated in a systematic review and meta-analysis . The authors performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies comparing continuous noninvasive arterial pressure
By random assignment patients received either 200 mg DOXY per day or placebo -LRB- PLAC -RRB- for 7 days after surgery . Prior to and 6 months after surgery probing pocket depths -LRB- PPD -RRB- and vertical attachment level -LRB- PAL-V -RRB- were obtained . Fifty-four patients -LRB- DOXY : 27 ; PLAC : 27 -RRB- were re-examined after 6 months and had been treated exclusively with EMD . Seven to 8 days after surgery 81 % of defects in both groups showed complete flap closure . However , the differences failed to be statistically significant -LRB- PPD : 0.20 ; p = 0.588 ; PAL-V : 0.21 ; p = 0.657 -RRB- . Two hundred milligram systemic DOXY administered for 7 days after therapy of infrabony defects with EMD failed to result in better PPD reduction and PAL-V gain compared with PLAC which may be due to low power -LRB- 50 % -RRB- and , thus , random chance . This aim of this study is to compare regenerative therapy of infrabony defects with and without administration of post-surgical systemic doxycycline -LRB- DOXY -RRB- 12 and 24 months after therapy . In each of 57 patients , one infrabony defect -LRB- depth ≥ 4 mm -RRB- was treated regeneratively using enamel matrix derivative at two centers -LRB- Frankfurt am Main and Heidelberg -RRB- . By random assignment , patients received either 200 mg DOXY per day or placebo -LRB- PLAC -RRB- for 7 days after surgery . Twelve and 24 months after surgery , clinical parameters -LRB- probing depths -LSB- PDs -RSB- and vertical clinical attachment level -LSB- CAL-V -RSB- -RRB- and standardized radiographs were obtained . Missing data were managed according to the last observation carried forward . Data of 57 patients -LRB- DOXY : 28 ; PLAC : 29 -RRB- were analyzed -LRB- 26 males and 31 females ; mean age : 52 ± 10.2 years ; 13 smokers -RRB- . In both groups , significant -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- PD reduction -LRB- DOXY : 3.7 ± 2.2 mm ; PLAC : 3.4 ± 1.7 mm -RRB- , CAL-V gain -LRB- DOXY : 2.7 ± 1.9 mm ; PLAC : 3.0 ± 1.9 mm -RRB- , and bone fill -LRB- DOXY : 1.6 ± 2.7 mm ; PLAC : 1.8 ± 3.0 mm -RRB- were observed 24 months after surgery . However , the differences between both groups failed to be statistically significant -LRB- PD : P = 0.574 ; CAL-V : P = 0.696 ; bone fill : P = 0.318 -RRB- . Systemic DOXY , 200 mg/day for 7 days , after regenerative therapy of infrabony defects did not result in better PD reduction , CAL-V gain , or radiographic bone fill compared with PLAC 12 and 24 months after surgery , which may be attributable to low power and , thus , random chance .
Despite widespread use of statins to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol -LRB- LDL-C -RRB- and associated atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk , many patients do not achieve sufficient LDL-C lowering due to muscle-related side effects , indicating novel treatment strategies are required . Bempedoic acid -LRB- ETC-1002 -RRB- is a small molecule intended to lower LDL-C in hypercholesterolemic patients , and has been previously shown to modulate both ATP-citrate lyase -LRB- ACL -RRB- and AMP-activated protein kinase -LRB- AMPK -RRB- activity in rodents . However , its mechanism for LDL-C lowering , efficacy in models of atherosclerosis and relevance in humans are unknown . Here we show that ETC-1002 is a prodrug that requires activation by very long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase-1 -LRB- ACSVL1 -RRB- to modulate both targets , and that inhibition of ACL leads to LDL receptor upregulation , decreased LDL-C and attenuation of atherosclerosis , independently of AMPK . Furthermore , we demonstrate that the absence of ACSVL1 in skeletal muscle provides a mechanistic basis for ETC-1002 to potentially avoid the myotoxicity associated with statin therapy . The comparative clinical benefit of nonstatin therapies that reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol -LRB- LDL-C -RRB- remains uncertain . To evaluate the association between lowering LDL-C and relative cardiovascular risk reduction across different statin and nonstatin therapies . The MEDLINE and EMBASE databases were searched -LRB- 1966-July 2016 -RRB- . The key inclusion criteria were that the study was a randomized clinical trial and the reported clinical outcomes included myocardial infarction -LRB- MI -RRB- . Studies were excluded if the duration was less than 6 months or had fewer than 50 clinical events . Studies of 9 different types of LDL-C reduction approaches were included . Two authors independently extracted and entered data into standardized data sheets and data were analyzed using meta-regression . The relative risk -LRB- RR -RRB- of major vascular events -LRB- a composite of cardiovascular death , acute MI or other acute coronary syndrome , coronary revascularization , or stroke -RRB- associated with the absolute reduction in LDL-C level ; 5-year rate of major coronary events -LRB- coronary death or MI -RRB- associated with achieved LDL-C level . A total of 312175 participants -LRB- mean age , 62 years ; 24 % women ; mean baseline LDL-C level of 3.16 mmol/L -LSB- 122.3 mg/dL -RSB- -RRB- from 49 trials with 39645 major vascular events were included . The RR for major vascular events per 1-mmol/L -LRB- 38.7-mg / dL -RRB- reduction in LDL-C level was 0.77 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.71-0.84 ; P < .001 -RRB- for statins and 0.75 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.66-0.86 ; P = .002 -RRB- for established nonstatin interventions that work primarily via upregulation of LDL receptor expression -LRB- ie , diet , bile acid sequestrants , ileal bypass , and ezetimibe -RRB- -LRB- between-group difference , P = .72 -RRB- . The achieved absolute LDL-C level was significantly associated with the absolute rate of major coronary events -LRB- 11301 events , including coronary death or MI -RRB- for primary prevention trials -LRB- 1.5 % lower event rate -LSB- 95 % CI , 0.5 % -2.6 % -RSB- per each 1-mmol/L lower LDL-C level ; P = .008 -RRB- and secondary prevention trials -LRB- 4.6 % lower event rate -LSB- 95 % CI , 2.9 % -6.4 % -RSB- per each 1-mmol/L lower LDL-C level ; P < .001 -RRB- . In this meta-regression analysis , the use of statin and nonstatin therapies that act via upregulation of LDL receptor expression to reduce LDL-C were associated with similar RRs of major vascular events per change in LDL-C . Lower achieved LDL-C levels were associated with lower rates of major coronary events .
It is less morbid than open surgery . Skin infiltration with bupivacaine around the nephrostomy tube is not effective , so we hypothesize that peritubal infiltration of bupivacaine from renal capsule to the skin along the nephrostomy tract may alleviate postoperative pain . A randomized controlled study was designed in 40 American Society of Anesthesiologists -LRB- ASA -RRB- grade I patients to assess the impact of peritubal bupivacaine infiltration with 23-gauge spinal needle along the nephrostomy tract after PCNL under fluoroscopic guidance . Patients were randomized to receive 20 mL of 0.25 % bupivacaine in block group -LRB- n = 20 -RRB- or no infiltration in control group -LRB- n = 20 -RRB- at the conclusion of the procedure . Postoperative pain score and analgesic requirement for the first 24 hours were assessed by visual and dynamic visual analog scales second hourly . Rescue analgesia with injection tramadol Hcl 50-100 mg was given intravenously to a maximum total dose of 400 mg when pain score exceeded 4 . Pain scores and analgesic requirement for the first 24 hours postoperatively were significantly lesser in the block group than in the control group of patients at all points of time and were statistically significant -LRB- p < 0.005 -RRB- . In this study a significant difference in the pain scores and analgesic requirement was noted in the two groups of patients . Peritubal infiltration of 0.25 % bupivacaine solution is efficient in alleviating postoperative pain after PCNL . To study the efficacy of peritubal infiltration in postoperative pain following percutaneous nephrolithotomy in general PCNL patients and PCNL patients with supracostal renal access . A total of 105 PCNL patients were randomized into two groups , 53 patients receiving peritubal analgesic infiltration -LRB- study group -RRB- and 52 patients as the control group . Of these patients , supracostal access was performed in 22 patients of study group and 23 patients of control group . The study group received peritubal injection with 10mL of bupivacain . Postoperative pain as the primary outcome was assessed by using visual analogue scale at 1 , 4 , 12 , 24 and 48 hours postoperatively . The secondary outcomes were the total postoperative morphine usage in 24 hours and time of the first analgesic demand . The average VAS pain at 1 and 4 hours after the operation in the study group were significant lower in the control group -LRB- P ≤ 0.001 and 0.026 -RRB- . Doses of morphine usage for controlling postoperative pain and the first analgesic demand were significantly lower and longer in study group . Among patients submitted to supracostal access , the average VAS pain at 1 hour after operation in the study group was lower -LRB- P = 0.018 -RRB- . Doses of morphine usage for controlling postoperative pain also was lower in the study group -LRB- P = 0.012 -RRB- . The peritubal local anesthetic infiltration is effective in alleviating immediate postoperative pain after percutaneous nephrolithotomy even with supracostal access . To ensure good rehabilitation and improved outcomes following total hip arthroplasty -LRB- THA -RRB- , optimal pain control is necessary . Newer methods of pain control have been advocated , as current modalities have been associated with undesirable side effects and serious complications . One such modality is liposomal bupivacaine , which provides long-acting , slow-release analgesia . The purpose of this study was to evaluate : -LRB- 1 -RRB- lengths of hospital stay and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the discharge status of patients who underwent THA with liposomal bupivacaine compared to a cohort who received standard analgesic regimens . We selected patients aged 18 years or older who had an inpatient stay for THA using ICD-9 procedure code -LRB- ICD-9-CM = 81.51 -RRB- , which resulted in 55,129 THA patients . Patients who had a nerve block in the time period from the surgery date to the discharge date were then excluded , which resulted in 54,604 THA patients . The THA cohort who received liposomal bupivacaine suspension consisted of 5,267 patients -LRB- 2,907 women ; 2,360 men -RRB- who had a mean age of 64 years , while the THA without injections or nerve block consisted of 49,337 patients who had a mean age of 65 years that consisted of 27,530 women and 21,807 men . We analyzed length-of-stay by controlling for race , region , age , sex , Charlson Index , and operating time using a log link linear model with a negative binomial distribution . The discharge status to home compared to short-term nursing facility or rehabilitation was analyzed using logistic regression while controlling for the aforementioned covariates . The mean lengths of stay , after adjusting for covariates , for the liposomal bupivacaine cohort was significantly shorter than the no injection cohort . The distribution of patients being discharged to home compared to a short-term nursing facility or a rehabilitation facility was higher in the liposomal bupivacaine cohort compared to the cohort who did not receive liposomal bupivacaine . Multivariate logistic regression analyses demonstrated a higher likelihood of being discharged to home in liposomal bupivacaine cohort when compared to no injection . Liposomal bupivacaine appears to be an effective pain relief modality that leads to reduced lengths of hospital stay and increased rates of discharge to home . This may be an appropriate addition for the analgesic armamentarium in patients who undergo THA . Opioid analgesics are effective for postsurgical pain but are associated with opioid-related adverse events , creating a significant clinical and economic burden . Gastrointestinal surgery patients are at high risk for opioid-related adverse events . We conducted a study to assess the impact of an opioid-sparing multimodal analgesia regimen with liposome bupivacaine , compared with the standard of care -LRB- intravenous -LSB- IV -RSB- opioid-based , patient-controlled analgesia -LSB- PCA -RSB- -RRB- on postsurgical opioid use and health economic outcomes in patients undergoing ileostomy reversal . In this open-label , multicenter study , sequential cohorts of patients undergoing ileostomy reversal
Recent clinical trials have found that the combination of conjugated equine oestrogen -LRB- CEO -RRB- and medroxyprogesterone has a protective effect on the incidence of type 2 diabetes . To determine the effect of CEO alone on the incidence of diabetes mellitus in postmenopausal women , we analysed the results of the Women 's Health Initiative oestrogen-alone trial . The Women 's Health Initiative is a randomised , double-masked trial comparing the effect of daily 0.625 mg CEO with placebo during 7.1 years of follow-up of 10,739 postmenopausal women who were aged 50-79 years and had previously had a hysterectomy . Diabetes incidence was ascertained by self-report of treatment with insulin or oral hypoglycaemic medication . Fasting glucose , insulin and lipoproteins were measured in an 8.6 % random sample of study participants , at baseline and at 1 , 3 and 6 years . The cumulative incidence of treated diabetes was 8.3 % in the oestrogen-alone group and 9.3 % in the placebo group -LRB- hazard ratio 0.88 , 95 % CI 0.77-1.01 , p = 0.072 -RRB- . However , there was no difference in insulin resistance at the 3 - or 6-year follow-up . Postmenopausal therapy with oestrogen alone may reduce the incidence of treated diabetes . The effect is smaller than that seen with oestrogen plus progestin . The purpose of this population-based prospective cohort study was to examine the effect of hormone therapy -LRB- HT -RRB- on incidence of diabetes mellitus -LRB- DM -RRB- . Eight thousand four hundred and eighty-three DM-free post-menopausal women aged 52-62 from the population-based Kuopio osteoporosis risk factor and prevention study were followed for 5 years from 1994-1999 . Information about the use of HT and health events was obtained from three repeated questionnaires in 1989 , 1994 , and 1999 . DM morbidity before and during the follow-up was obtained from the Registry of Specially Refunded Drugs of the Finnish Social Insurance Institution . Kaplan-Meyer survival curves and Cox 's proportional-hazards models were used to estimate the risk of incident DM in relation to the use of HT . During the follow-up , 40.8 % DM-free post-menopausal women had never used HT , 27.3 % women were HT past users and 31.9 % women had used HT presently during the follow-up . During the follow-up , 162 incident DM cases were recorded . Compared with never users of HT , the adjusted hazard ratio of DM was 0.81 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- 0.57-1.16 -RRB- for only past users , 0.53 -LRB- 95 % CI 0.24-1.15 -RRB- in part-time -LRB- during the follow-up < 2.5 years -RRB- users and 0.31 -LRB- 95 % CI 0.16-0.60 -RRB- in continuous -LRB- during the follow-up 2.5-5.0 years -RRB- users of HT . HT use decreases the incidence of DM in post-menopausal women .
Partial thickness rotator cuff tears are a common cause of pain in the adult shoulder . Despite their high prevalence , the diagnosis and treatment of partial thickness rotator cuff tears remains controversial . While recent studies have helped to elucidate the anatomy and natural history of disease progression , the optimal treatment , both nonoperative and operative , is unclear . Although the advent of arthroscopy has improved the accuracy of the diagnosis of partial thickness rotator cuff tears , the number of surgical techniques used to repair these tears has also increased . While multiple repair techniques have been described , there is currently no significant clinical evidence supporting more complex surgical techniques over standard rotator cuff repair . Further research is required to determine the clinical indications for surgical and nonsurgical management , when formal rotator cuff repair is specifically indicated and when biologic adjunctive therapy may be utilized . To adapt the Western Ontario Rotator Cuff -LRB- WORC -RRB- index for use in Turkey and to investigate its reliability and validity ; the Turkish version of the WORC was developed according to the guidelines in the literature . Seventy-two patients with rotator cuff disease were administered the questionnaire and were also evaluated by using the University of California Los Angeles -LRB- UCLA -RRB- shoulder rating scale , Constant score , and Short Form -LRB- SF -RRB- -36 to test validity . The WORC questionnaire was repeated in 35 patients after a mean interval of 2.9 days -LRB- range 2-7 days -RRB- to evaluate test-retest reliability . Cronbach 's alpha was calculated as 0.92 for the total questionnaire . The intraclass correlation coefficients were very high and ranged between 0.96 and 0.98 for each section . There was a significant negative correlation between the Turkish version of WORC and UCLA -LRB- r = -0.598 , P < 0.01 -RRB- , Constant score -LRB- r = -0.630 , P < 0.01 -RRB- , and all subscales of SF-36 -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- . The Turkish version of the WORC index is a reliable and valid instrument for use in clinical trials in patients with rotator cuff disorders . The purpose of this study was to develop a valid and reliable disease-specific quality-of-life measurement tool for patients with rotator cuff disease . Health-related quality-of-life measurement tool development . Methodology for the development and evaluation of the tool included the following : 1 -RRB- identification of a specific patient population , 2 -RRB- generation of potential items , 3 -RRB- item reduction , 4 -RRB- pretesting the prototype instrument , 5 -RRB- determination of reliability , and 6 -RRB- validation . The final instrument , the Western Ontario Rotator Cuff Index , double dagger has 21 items representing five domains , each with a Visual Analog Scale-type response option . Construct validation demonstrated that this instrument correlated predictably with other measurement tools -LRB- Disabilities of the Arm , Shoulder , and Hand outcome measure ; American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons Standardized Shoulder Assessment Form ; University of California Los Angeles Shoulder Rating Scale ; Constant Score ; Rowe ; Sickness Impact Profile ; Short Form 36 ; and range of motion ; 21 of 21 correlations within 0.19 -RRB- . Reliability was very high at 2 weeks , with an intraclass correlation coefficient of 0.96 and was more responsive -LRB- sensitive to change -RRB- than the other five shoulder measurement tools , global health instruments , and range of motion . This measurement tool can be used as the primary outcome in clinical trials evaluating treatments in this patient population , although its features are equally attractive for monitoring patients ' progress in clinical practice . The patient self-evaluation section of the form contains visual analog scales for pain and instability and an activities of daily living questionnaire . The activities of daily living questionnaire is marked on a four-point ordinal scale that can be converted to a cumulative activities of daily living index . The patient can complete the self-evaluation portion of the questionnaire in the absence of a physician . The physician assessment section includes an area to collect demographic information and assesses range of motion , specific physical signs , strength , and stability . A shoulder score can be derived from the visual analogue scale score for pain -LRB- 50 % -RRB- and the cumulative activities of daily living score -LRB- 50 % -RRB- . It is hoped that adoption of this instrument to measure shoulder function will facilitate communication between investigators , stimulate multicenter studies , and encourage validity testing of this and other available instruments to measure shoulder function and outcome .
In this review of a collected series of patients undergoing hepatic resection for colorectal metastases , 100 patients were found to have survived greater than five years from the time of resection . Of these 100 long-term survivors , 71 remain disease-free through the last follow-up , 19 recurred prior to five years , and ten recurred after five years . Patient characteristics that may have contributed to survival were examined . Procedures performed included five trisegmentectomies , 32 lobectomies , 16 left lateral segmentectomies , and 45 wedge resections . The margin of resection was recorded in 27 patients , one of whom had a positive margin , nine of whom had a less than or equal to 1-cm margin , and 17 of whom had a greater than 1-cm margin . Eighty-one patients had a solitary metastasis to the liver , 11 patients had two metastases , one patient had three metastases , and four patients had four metastases . Thirty patients had Stage C primary carcinoma , 40 had Stage B primary carcinoma , and one had Stage A primary carcinoma . The disease-free interval from the time of colon resection to the time of liver resection was less than one year in 65 patients , and greater than one year in 34 patients . Three patients had bilobar metastases . Though several contraindications to hepatic resection have been proposed in the past , five-year survival has been found in patients with extrahepatic disease resected simultaneously , patients with bilobar metastases , patients with multiple metastases , and patients with positive margins . Five-year disease-free survivors are also present in each of these subsets . It is concluded that five-year survival is possible in the presence of reported contraindications to resection , and therefore that the decision to resect the liver must be individualized . Accurate preoperative and intraoperative staging are mandatory to avoid unnecessary surgery . In this report the intraoperative determinants of hepatic unresectability were evaluated . This was a retrospective review of medical records from January 1985 to March 1996 of 62 patients with colorectal hepatic metastases who at the time of exploratory laparotomy were deemed to have unresectable disease based on intrahepatic or extrahepatic factors . The stage of the primary tumor , disease free interval , preoperative carcinoembryonic antigen , computed tomography portography , intraoperative ultrasound , and assessment of intrahepatic and extrahepatic tumor extension were evaluated . Intraoperative determination of the extent of required hepatic resection , including trisegmentectomy -LRB- 9 patients ; 15 % -RRB- and total hepatectomy -LRB- 10 patients ; 16 % -RRB- , accounted for the majority of unresectable patients . Patients with > 4 metastases -LRB- 8 patients ; 13 % -RRB- and satellitosis -LRB- 6 patients ; 10 % -RRB- accounted for 23 % of unresectable patients . Four patients had extensive nonmalignant hepatic parenchymal disease precluding resection . Thorough abdominal exploration revealed extrahepatic disease in 13 of 62 patients -LRB- 21 % -RRB- . Routine periportal/celiac lymph node biopsies revealed metastases in an additional 12 patients -LRB- 19 % -RRB- , 7 of whom -LRB- 11 % -RRB- had only periportal/celiac lymph node metastases . A meticulous abdominal exploration prior to hepatic resection for patients with colorectal metastases is essential to identify those patients with extrahepatic disease . Periportal and celiac lymph nodes commonly are involved by tumor . Therefore , routine periportal/celiac lymph node biopsies should be performed in the absence of other extrahepatic disease .
The aim of this study was to compare the accuracy of retrospective image fusion of PET/MRI-DWI with that of PET/CT and MRI-DWI alone in detecting metastatic lymph nodes in patients with cervical and endometrial carcinoma . Twenty-seven patients with endometrial -LRB- n = 14 -RRB- and cervical -LRB- n = 13 -RRB- cancer who had undergone preoperative MRI-DWI and PET/CT for staging were retrospectively evaluated . The accuracy , sensitivity , specificity , positive predictive value -LRB- PPV -RRB- , and negative predictive value -LRB- NPV -RRB- of PET/CT , MRI-DWI , and PET/MRI-DWI image fusion were calculated on a per-patient basis and on a per-node basis . Histopathological and follow-up imaging results were used as the gold standard . On a per-patient basis PET/MRI-DWI had the same sensitivity -LRB- 87.5 % -RRB- , specificity -LRB- 84.2 % -RRB- , diagnostic accuracy -LRB- 85.1 % -RRB- , PPV -LRB- 70 % -RRB- , and NPV -LRB- 94.1 % -RRB- as PET-CT , but on a per-node basis PET/MRI-DWI showed better sensitivity -LRB- 89 vs 70.2 % -RRB- , specificity -LRB- 91.6 vs 90.5 % -RRB- , diagnostic accuracy -LRB- 91.2 vs 87 % -RRB- , PPV -LRB- 68.7 vs 60.4 % -RRB- , and NPV -LRB- 97.6 vs 93.6 % -RRB- than PET-CT . Comparison of the areas under the ROC curves for the detection of metastatic lymph nodes demonstrated a non-significant difference -LRB- p = 0.055 -RRB- between PET/CT and fused PET/MRI-DWI . PET/MRI-DWI may be a valuable technique for N-staging patients with endometrial and cervical cancer , but more studies are needed to investigate its potential clinical utility . To investigate the diagnostic value of retrospective fusion of pelvic MRI and -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-fluorodeoxyglucose -LRB- -LRB- 18 -RRB- F-FDG -RRB- PET images for assessment of locoregional extension and nodal staging of endometrial cancer . Thirty patients with biopsy-proven endometrial cancer underwent preoperative contrast-enhanced PET/CT -LRB- PET/ceCT -RRB- and pelvic dynamic contrast-enhanced MRI for initial staging . Diagnostic performance of PET/ceCT , contrast-enhanced MRI , and retrospective image fusion from PET and MRI -LRB- fused PET/MRI -RRB- for assessing the extent of the primary tumor -LRB- T stage -RRB- and metastasis to regional LNs -LRB- N stage -RRB- was evaluated by two experienced readers . Histopathological and follow-up imaging results were used as the gold standard . The McNemar test was employed for statistical analysis . Fused PET/MRI and MRI detected 96.7 % of the primary tumors , whereas PET/ceCT detected 93.3 % . Accuracy for T status was 80.0 % for fused PET/MRI , and MRI proved significantly more accurate than PET/ceCT , which had an accuracy of 60.0 % -LRB- p = 0.041 -RRB- . Patient-based sensitivity , specificity and accuracy for detecting pelvic nodal metastasis were 100 % , 96.3 % and 96.7 % for both fused PET/MRI and PET/ceCT , and 66.7 % , 100 % and 96.7 % for MRI , respectively . These three parameters were not statistically significant -LRB- p = 1 -RRB- . Fused PET/MRI , which complements the individual advantages of MRI and PET , is a valuable technique for assessment of the primary tumor and nodal staging in patients with endometrial cancer . We compared the diagnostic accuracy of fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography -LRB- FDG PET/CT -RRB- and PET/magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- fusion images for gynecological malignancies . A total of 31 patients with gynecological malignancies were enrolled . FDG-PET images were fused to CT , T1 - and T2-weighted images -LRB- T1WI , T2WI -RRB- . PET-MRI fusion was performed semiautomatically . We performed three types of evaluation to demonstrate the usefulness of PET/MRI fusion images in comparison with that of inline PET/CT as follows : depiction of the uterus and the ovarian lesions on CT or MRI mapping images -LRB- first evaluation -RRB- ; additional information for lesion localization with PET and mapping images -LRB- second evaluation -RRB- ; and the image quality of fusion on interpretation -LRB- third evaluation -RRB- . For the third evaluation , the three-point rating scale for the patient group as a whole demonstrated that PET/T2WI -LRB- 2.72 + / - 0.54 -RRB- localized the lesion significantly more convincingly than PET/CT -LRB- 2.23 + / - 0.50 -RRB- or PET/T1WI -LRB- 2.29 + / - 0.53 -RRB- -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- . PET/T2WI fusion images are superior for the detection and localization of gynecological malignancies .
Most patients with non-small-cell lung cancer tumours that have EGFR mutations have deletion mutations in exon 19 or the Leu858Arg point mutation in exon 21 , or both -LRB- ie , common mutations -RRB- . However , a subset of patients -LRB- 10 % -RRB- with mutations in EGFR have tumours that harbour uncommon mutations . There is a paucity of data regarding the sensitivity of these tumours to EGFR inhibitors . Here we present data for the activity of afatinib in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer that have tumours harbouring uncommon EGFR mutations . In this post-hoc analysis , we used prospectively collected data from tyrosine kinase inhibitor-naive patients with EGFR mutation-positive advanced -LRB- stage IIIb-IV -RRB- lung adenocarcinomas who were given afatinib in a single group phase 2 trial -LRB- LUX-Lung 2 -RRB- , and randomised phase 3 trials -LRB- LUX-Lung 3 and LUX-Lung 6 -RRB- . Analyses were done in the intention-to-treat population , including all randomly assigned patients with uncommon EGFR mutations . The type of EGFR mutation -LRB- exon 19 deletion -LSB- del19 -RSB- , Leu858Arg point mutation in exon 21 , or other -RRB- and ethnic origin -LRB- LUX-Lung 3 only ; Asian vs non-Asian -RRB- were pre-specified stratification factors in the randomised trials . We categorised all uncommon mutations as : point mutations or duplications in exons 18-21 -LRB- group 1 -RRB- ; de-novo Thr790Met mutations in exon 20 alone or in combination with other mutations -LRB- group 2 -RRB- ; or exon 20 insertions -LRB- group 3 -RRB- . We also assessed outcomes in patients with the most frequent uncommon mutations , Gly719Xaa , Leu861Gln , and Ser768Ile , alone or in combination with other mutations . Response was established by independent radiological review . These trials are registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , numbers NCT00525148 , NCT00949650 , and NCT01121393 . Of 600 patients given afatinib across the three trials , 75 -LRB- 12 % -RRB- patients had uncommon EGFR mutations -LRB- 38 in group 1 , 14 in group 2 , 23 in group 3 -RRB- . 27 -LRB- 71 · 1 % , 95 % CI 54 · 1-84 · 6 -RRB- patients in group 1 had objective responses , as did two -LRB- 14 · 3 % , 1 · 8-42 · 8 -RRB- in group 2 and two -LRB- 8 · 7 % , 1 · 1-28 · 0 -RRB- in group 3 . Median progression-free survival was 10 · 7 months -LRB- 95 % CI 5 · 6-14 · 7 -RRB- in group 1 , 2 · 9 months -LRB- 1 · 2-8 · 3 -RRB- in group 2 ; and 2 · 7 months -LRB- 1 · 8-4 · 2 -RRB- in group 3 . Median overall survival was 19 · 4 months -LRB- 95 % CI 16 · 4-26 · 9 -RRB- in group 1 , 14 · 9 months -LRB- 8 · 1-24 · 9 -RRB- in group 2 , and 9 · 2 months -LRB- 4 · 1-14 · 2 -RRB- in group 3 . For the most frequent uncommon mutations , 14 -LRB- 77 · 8 % , 95 % CI 52 · 4-93 · 6 -RRB- patients with Gly719Xaa had an objective response , as did nine -LRB- 56 · 3 % , 29 · 9-80 · 2 -RRB- with Leu861Gln , and eight -LRB- 100 · 0 % , 63 · 1-100 · 0 -RRB- with Ser768Ile . Afatinib was active in non-small-cell lung cancer tumours that harboured certain types of uncommon EGFR mutations , especially Gly719Xaa , Leu861Gln , and Ser768Ile , but less active in other mutations types . Clinical benefit was lower in patients with de-novo Thr790Met and exon 20 insertion mutations . These data could help inform clinical decisions for patients with non-small-cell lung cancer harbouring uncommon EGFR mutations . Boehringer Ingelheim . Afatinib-an oral irreversible ErbB family blocker-improves progression-free survival compared with pemetrexed and cisplatin for first-line treatment of patients with EGFR mutation-positive advanced non-small-cell lung cancer -LRB- NSCLC -RRB- . We compared afatinib with gemcitabine and cisplatin-a chemotherapy regimen widely used in Asia-for first-line treatment of Asian patients with EGFR mutation-positive advanced NSCLC . This open-label , randomised phase 3 trial was done at 36 centres in China , Thailand , and South Korea . After central testing for EGFR mutations , treatment-naive patients -LRB- stage IIIB or IV cancer -LSB- American Joint Committee on Cancer version 6 -RSB- , performance status 0-1 -RRB- were randomly assigned -LRB- 2:1 -RRB- to receive either oral afatinib -LRB- 40 mg per day -RRB- or intravenous gemcitabine 1000 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- on day 1 and day 8 plus cisplatin 75 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- on day 1 of a 3-week schedule for up to six cycles . Randomisation was done centrally with a random number-generating system and an interactive internet and voice-response system . Randomisation was stratified by EGFR mutation -LRB- Leu858Arg , exon 19 deletions , or other ; block size three -RRB- . Clinicians and patients were not masked to treatment assignment , but the independent central imaging review group were . Treatment continued until disease progression , intolerable toxic effects , or withdrawal of consent . The primary endpoint was progression-free survival assessed by independent central review -LRB- intention-to-treat population -RRB- . This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , NCT01121393 . 910 patients were screened and 364 were randomly assigned -LRB- 242 to afatinib , 122 to gemcitabine and cisplatin -RRB- . Median progression-free survival was significantly longer in the afatinib group -LRB- 11 · 0 months , 95 % CI 9 · 7-13 · 7 -RRB- than in the gemcitabine and cisplatin group -LRB- 5 · 6 months , 5 · 1-6 · 7 ; hazard ratio 0 · 28 , 95 % CI 0 · 20-0 · 39 ; p < 0 · 0001 -RRB- . The most common treatment-related grade 3 or 4 adverse events in the afatinib group were
Many inadequately address both behavioral theory and extant research -- especially in regard to the lack of viability of simply educating individuals on improved eating and exercise behaviors . Then , to extend this research toward treatment development and application , a field-based study of obese adults was conducted . Treatments incorporated a consistent component of cognitive-behaviorally supported exercise during 26 weeks that was paired with either standard nutrition education -LRB- n = 183 -RRB- or cognitive-behavioral methods for controlled eating that emphasized self-regulatory methods such as goal setting and caloric tracking , cognitive restructuring , and eating cue awareness -LRB- n = 247 -RRB- . Both treatment conditions were associated with improved self-efficacy , self-regulation , mood , exercise , fruit and vegetable consumption , weight , and waist circumference ; with improvements in self-regulation for eating , fruit and vegetable consumption , weight , and waist circumference significantly greater in the cognitive-behavioral nutrition condition . Changes in exercise - and eating-related self-efficacy and self-regulation were associated with changes in exercise and eating -LRB- R -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0.40 and 0.17 , respectively -RRB- , with mood change increasing the explanatory power to R -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0.43 and 0.20 . Improved self-efficacy and self-regulation for exercise carried over to self-efficacy and self-regulation for controlled eating -LRB- β = 0.53 and 0.68 , respectively -RRB- . Development and longitudinal testing of a new and different approach to behavioral treatment for sustained weight loss that emphasizes exercise program-induced psychosocial changes preceding the facilitation of improved eating and weight loss should be guided by our present research .
Bupivacaine -LRB- 0.375 % ; continuous infusion pump group -RRB- or isotonic saline -LRB- control group -RRB- was infused at 4 ml/hour . Pain scores , patient satisfaction , narcotic use , milestones of surgical recovery , and side effects of narcotics were compared between the two groups . : Forty-eight patients were included in the study -LRB- 23 continuous infusion pump patients and 25 control patients -RRB- . The continuous infusion patients used less mean patient-controlled anesthesia narcotic during the first 2 postoperative days -LRB- 78.0 mg versus 42.7 mg ; p = 0.019 -RRB- and transitioned earlier to oral narcotics than did control patients . Patients ' overall pain satisfaction scores were significantly better in the continuous infusion group than in the control group . There were no significant differences between groups with regard to overall abdominal pain intensity scores , total narcotic use , length of hospitalization , incidence of narcotic side effects , or milestones of surgical recovery . : The continuous infusion pump system appears to be a safe and effective method for postoperative donor-site pain management in TRAM flap breast reconstruction patients and should be considered for postoperative donor-site pain management . However , continuous infusion pump local anesthetic delivery to the muscle-sparing TRAM flap donor site did not eliminate narcotic use for pain control .
Low back pain -LRB- LBP -RRB- is one of the most prevalent medical problems in society today . In addition to the profound effect LBP can have on patients , it has an exceedingly high societal cost . Although most acute episodes of back pain will ultimately resolve , this condition will become chronic for many . Those with chronic LBP are a challenge to treat . Nonetheless , with a better understanding of the underlying pathophysiology and treatment options , our management of these patients is gradually improving . Conservative therapy remains the mainstay treatment of chronic LBP . If this has failed , surgical options may be considered in the carefully selected patient . Fusion is the most established treatment option for this condition . Disc arthroplasty is being increasingly considered . Class I studies critically evaluating established and evolving technologies continue to help shape our understanding of the surgical options for this condition . Low back pain is an extremely common problem that most people experience at some point in their life . While substantial heterogeneity exists among low back pain epidemiological studies limiting the ability to compare and pool data , estimates of the 1 year incidence of a first-ever episode of low back pain range between 6.3 % and 15.4 % , while estimates of the 1 year incidence of any episode of low back pain range between 1.5 % and 36 % . In health facility - or clinic-based studies , episode remission at 1 year ranges from 54 % to 90 % ; however , most studies do not indicate whether the episode was continuous between the baseline and follow-up time point -LRB- s -RRB- . Most people who experience activity-limiting low back pain go on to have recurrent episodes . Estimates of recurrence at 1 year range from 24 % to 80 % . Given the variation in definitions of remission and recurrence , further population-based research is needed to assess the daily patterns of low back pain episodes over 1 year and longer . There is substantial information on low back pain prevalence and estimates of the point prevalence range from 1.0 % to 58.1 % -LRB- mean : 18.1 % ; median : 15.0 % -RRB- , and 1 year prevalence from 0.8 % to 82.5 % -LRB- mean : 38.1 % ; median : 37.4 % -RRB- . Due to the heterogeneity of the data , mean estimates need to be interpreted with caution . Many environmental and personal factors influence the onset and course of low back pain . Studies have found the incidence of low back pain is highest in the third decade , and overall prevalence increases with age until the 60-65 year age group and then gradually declines . Other commonly reported risk factors include low educational status , stress , anxiety , depression , job dissatisfaction , low levels of social support in the workplace and whole-body vibration . Low back pain has an enormous impact on individuals , families , communities , governments and businesses throughout the world . The Global Burden of Disease 2005 Study -LRB- GBD 2005 -RRB- is currently making estimates of the global burden of low back pain in relation to impairment and activity limitation . Results will be available in 2011 . Further research is needed to help us understand more about the broader outcomes and impacts from low back pain . Reduced postural control is thought to contribute to the development and persistence of chronic non-specific low back pain -LRB- CNLBP -RRB- . It is therefore frequently assessed in affected patients and commonly reported as the average amount of postural sway while standing upright under a variety of sensory conditions . These averaged linear outcomes , such as mean centre of pressure -LRB- CP -RRB- displacement or mean CP surface areas , may not reflect the true postural status . Adding nonlinear outcomes and multi-segmental kinematic analysis has been reported to better reflect the complexity of postural control and may detect subtler postural differences . In this cross-sectional study , a combination of linear and nonlinear postural parameters were assessed in patients with CNLBP -LRB- n = 24 , 24-75 years , 9 females -RRB- and compared to symptom-free controls -LRB- CG , n = 34 , 22-67 years , 11 females -RRB- . Primary outcome was postural control measured by variance of joint configurations -LRB- uncontrolled manifold index , UI -RRB- , confidence ellipse surface areas -LRB- CEA -RRB- and approximate entropy -LRB- ApEn -RRB- of CP dispersion during the response phase of a perturbed postural control task on a swaying platform . Secondary outcomes were segment excursions and clinical outcome correlates for pain and function . Non-parametric tests for group comparison with P-adjustment for multiple comparisons were conducted . Principal component analysis was applied to identify patterns of segmental contribution in both groups . CNLBP and CG performed similarly with respect to the primary outcomes . Significant -LRB- P 's < .05 -RRB- , but moderate correlations of ApEn -LRB- r = -.42 -RRB- and UI -LRB- r = -.46 -RRB- with the health-related outcomes were observed . These findings lend further support to the notion that averaged linear outcomes do not suffice to describe subtle postural differences in CNLBP patients with low to moderate pain status . -LSB- Purpose -RSB- The purpose of this study was to identify how spinal decompression therapy and general traction therapy influence the pain , disability , and straight leg raise -LRB- SLR -RRB- ability of patients with intervertebral disc herniation . -LSB- Subjects -RSB- The subjects were 30 patients with chronic lumbar pain who were divided into a spinal decompression therapy group -LRB- SDTG , n = 15 -RRB- , and a general traction therapy group -LRB- GTTG , n = 15 -RRB- . -LSB- Methods -RSB- The SDTG used a spinal decompression device , and the GTTG used a lumbar traction device . Both groups received conservative
Because insomnia with objective short sleep duration is associated with increased morbidity , we examined the effects of this insomnia subtype on all-cause mortality . Longitudinal . Sleep laboratory . 1,741 men and women randomly selected from Central Pennsylvania . Participants were studied in the sleep laboratory and were followed-up for 14 years -LRB- men -RRB- and 10 years -LRB- women -RRB- . `` Insomnia '' was defined by a complaint of insomnia with duration > or = 1 year . `` Normal sleeping '' was defined as absence of insomnia . Polysomnographic sleep duration was classified into two categories : the `` normal sleep duration group '' subjects who slept > or = 6 h and the `` short sleep duration group '' subjects who slept < 6 h . We adjusted for age , race , education , body mass index , smoking , alcohol , depression , sleep disordered breathing , and sampling weight . The mortality rate was 21 % for men and 5 % for women . In men , mortality risk was significantly increased in insomniacs who slept less than 6 hours compared to the `` normal sleep duration , no insomnia '' group , -LRB- OR = 4.00 , CI 1.14-13.99 -RRB- after adjusting for diabetes , hypertension , and other confounders . Furthermore , there was a marginally significant trend -LRB- P = 0.15 -RRB- towards higher mortality risk from insomnia and short sleep in patients with diabetes or hypertension -LRB- OR = 7.17 , 95 % CI 1.41-36.62 -RRB- than in those without these comorbid conditions -LRB- OR = 1.45 , 95 % CI 0.13-16.14 -RRB- . In women , mortality was not associated with insomnia and short sleep duration . Insomnia with objective short sleep duration in men is associated with increased mortality , a risk that has been underestimated . We examined the joint effects of insomnia and objective short sleep duration , the combination of which is associated with higher morbidity , on diabetes risk . Insomnia was defined by a complaint of insomnia with duration of > or = 1 year , whereas poor sleep was defined as a complaint of difficulty falling asleep , staying asleep , or early final awakening . Polysomnographic sleep duration was classified into three categories : > or = 6 h of sleep -LRB- top 50 % of the sample -RRB- ; 5-6 h -LRB- approximately third quartile of the sample -RRB- ; and < or = 5 h -LRB- approximately the bottom quartile of the sample -RRB- . Diabetes was defined either based on a fasting blood glucose > 126 mg/dl or use of medication . In the logistic regression model , we simultaneously adjusted for age , race , sex , BMI , smoking , alcohol use , depression , sleep-disordered breathing , and periodic limb movement . Chronic insomnia but not poor sleep was associated with a higher risk for diabetes . Compared with the normal sleeping and > or = 6 h sleep duration group , the highest risk of diabetes was in individuals with insomnia and < or = 5 h sleep duration group -LRB- odds ratio -LSB- 95 % CI -RSB- 2.95 -LSB- 1.2-7.0 -RSB- -RRB- and in insomniacs who slept 5-6 h -LRB- 2.07 -LSB- 0.68-6.4 -RSB- -RRB- . Insomnia with short sleep duration is associated with increased odds of diabetes . Objective sleep duration may predict cardiometabolic morbidity of chronic insomnia , the medical impact of which has been underestimated . To examine the joint effect of insomnia and objective short sleep duration on hypertension risk . Representative cross-sectional study . Sleep laboratory . 1,741 men and women randomly selected from central Pennsylvania . None . Insomnia was defined by a complaint of insomnia with a duration > or = 1 year , while poor sleep was defined as a complaint of difficulty falling asleep , staying asleep , or early final awakening . Polysomnographic sleep duration was classified into 3 categories : > or = 6 h sleep -LRB- top 50 % of the sample -RRB- ; 5-6 h -LRB- approximately the third quartile of the sample -RRB- ; and < or = 5 h -LRB- approximately the bottom quartile of the sample -RRB- . Hypertension was defined based either on blood pressure measures or treatment . We controlled for age , race , sex , body mass index , diabetes , smoking , alcohol use , depression , sleep disordered breathing -LRB- SDB -RRB- , and sampling weight . The risk for hypertension was significantly higher , but of lesser magnitude , in poor sleepers with short sleep duration . Insomnia with short sleep duration is associated with increased risk of hypertension , to a degree comparable to that of other common sleep disorders , e.g. , SDB . Objective sleep duration may predict the severity of chronic insomnia a prevalent condition whose medical impact has been apparently underestimated . To examine the joint effect of insomnia and objective short sleep duration on neuropsychological performance . Representative cross-sectional study . Sleep laboratory . 1,741 men and women randomly selected from central Pennsylvania . None . Insomnia -LRB- n = 116 -RRB- was defined by a complaint of insomnia with a duration > or = 1 year and the absence of sleep disordered breathing -LRB- SDB -RRB- , while normal sleep -LRB- n = 562 -RRB- was defined as the absence of insomnia , excessive daytime sleepiness , and SDB . Both groups were split according to polysomnographic sleep duration into 2 categories : > or = 6 h of sleep -LRB- `` normal sleep duration '' -RRB- and < 6 h of sleep -LRB- `` short sleep duration '' -RRB- . We compared the groups ' performance on a comprehensive neuropsychological battery that measured processing speed , attention , visual memory , and verbal fluency , while controlling for age , race , gender , education , body mass index ,
Postoperative residual neuromuscular block is a frequent occurrence . Recent surveys of clinical practice in Europe suggest that neuromuscular blocking drugs are often administered without appropriate monitoring . No comparable survey has been undertaken in the United States -LRB- US -RRB- . From this survey , we compared current clinical neuromuscular practice and attitudes between anesthesia practitioners in the US and Europe . We conducted an Internet-based survey among anesthesia practitioners in the US and Europe . The Anesthesia Patient Safety Foundation and the European Society of Anaesthesiology e-mailed all of their active members , inviting them to anonymously answer a series of questions on a dedicated Internet Protocol address-sensitive website . The survey was available online for 60 days . The chi -LRB- 2 -RRB- test and Fisher 's exact test were used to compare clinical survey items between the 2 cohorts . A total of 2636 completed surveys were received . Most respondents from the US -LRB- 64.1 % -RRB- and Europe -LRB- 52.2 % -RRB- estimated the incidence of clinically significant postoperative residual neuromuscular weakness to be < 1 % -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- . However , 19.3 % of Europeans and 9.4 % of Americans never use neuromuscular monitors . Most respondents reported that neither conventional nerve stimulators nor quantitative train-of-four monitors should be part of minimum monitoring standards . Our results suggest a lack of agreement among anesthesia providers about the best way to monitor neuromuscular function . Efforts to improve awareness by developing formal training programs and/or publishing official guidelines on best practices to reduce the incidence of postoperative neuromuscular weakness and patient morbidity are warranted . The overall objective of the study is to determine the ability of TOF-Cuff device -LRB- blood-pressure modified cuff , including stimulation electrodes -RRB- to monitor with the same device the non-invasive blood pressure -LRB- NIBP -RRB- and the depth of a neuromuscular blockade -LRB- NMB -RRB- induced pharmacologically , by stimulation of the brachial plexus at the humeral level and recording evoked changes in arterial pressure . Clinical , single-centre , open-controlled study with 32 adult patients ASA I-III for scheduled elective surgery under general anaesthesia in supine position , for the validation of neuromuscular monitoring , comparing the values obtained from neuromuscular relaxation TOF-Cuff with those obtained by mechanomyography -LRB- MMG -RRB- -LRB- control method -RRB- during the recovery phase of NMB , when a TOF ratio > 0.7 and > 0.9 -LRB- primary endpoint -RRB- were reached respectively . And an additional consecutive study of 17 patients for validation of NIBP monitoring with TOF-Cuff device vs invasive blood pressure measured by an intra-arterial catheter . All data were analyzed using the Bland-Altman method . Recovery from NMB measured with the TOF-Cuff was earlier compared to MMG . Comparing TOF-ratio > 0.9 measured with TOF-Cuff vs TOF-ratio > 0.7 with MMG , a specificity of 91 % and a positive predictive value of 84 % were obtained . In NIBP measurement , the mean error and standard deviation of both systolic blood pressure -LRB- 1.6 ± 7mmHg -RRB- and diastolic blood pressure -LRB- -3.4 ± 6.3 -RRB- were within the European accuracy requirements for medical devices . The TOF-Cuff device has been shown to be valid and safe in the monitoring of NMB and in the measurement of NIBP , with no patient presenting any adverse events , skin-level lesions or residual pain . It is not interchangeable with MMG , having a TOF-ratio > 0.9 quantified by the TOF-Cuff device , a good correlation with a TOF-ratio > 0.7 on MMG . A new method of monitoring neuromuscular blockade based on a modified blood pressure cuff that incorporates stimulating electrodes was compared with mechanomyography -LRB- MMG -RRB- -LRB- ` gold standard ' -RRB- . Forty adults and 20 children -LRB- ASA I-II -RRB- underwent neuromuscular blockade monitoring on the contralateral arms and on the same arm using the new cuff method and MMG . Only train-of-four -LRB- TOF -RRB- ratios > 0.1 and T -LRB- 1 -RRB- heights > 0 were studied . Supramaximal stimulation was also assessed . A device based on a PC with an analogue-to-digital conversion card was used to control and synchronize MMG and the cuff method . The agreement between both methods was assessed using the statistical method of Bland and Altman . When TOF ratios were > 0.7 , the bias between the two methods was -0.04 with the limits of agreement ranging from -0.21 to -0.12 -LRB- 95 % CI -0.06 to -0.02 -RRB- . The T -LRB- 1 -RRB- > 0 heights bias was -0.01 with the limits of agreement ranging from -0.26 to 0.24 -LRB- 95 % CI -0.02 to -0.003 -RRB- . This pilot study indicates that the cuff method could be useful to monitor neuromuscular blockade according to the bias and limits of agreement compared with MMG , particularly when the degree of blockade was evaluated by TOF ratios > 0.7 . The new cuff method is easy and simple to use . However , further studies in a larger number of patients are necessary to confirm these favourable preliminary results . The neuromuscular transmission module -LRB- M-NMT -RRB- is an integrated piezoelectric motion sensor module incorporated in the AS/3 -LRB- TM -RRB- anesthesia monitor . We compared the neuromuscular block of 0.6 mg/kg rocuronium -LRB- twice the 95 % effective dose -RRB- monitored by the M-NMT with that monitored by the Relaxometer mechanomyograph -LRB- MMG -RRB- . The two monitors were alternately allocated to the left or right hands of 20 patients . T -LRB- 1 -RRB- % , the first twitch of the train-of-four -LRB- TOF -RRB- , and the TOF ratio -LRB- T -LRB- 4 -RRB- / T -LRB- 1 -RRB- -RRB- were used for evaluating the neuromuscular block . There was no significant difference in the mean -LRB- min -RRB- plus minus SD onset time or time to 0.8 TOF ratio recovery measured by the M-NMT -LRB- 1.5 plus/minus
During the last decade , many studies have been carried out to understand the effects of focal vibratory stimuli at various levels of the central nervous system and to study pathophysiological mechanisms of neurological disorders as well as the therapeutic effects of focal vibration in neurorehabilitation . This review aimed to describe the effects of focal vibratory stimuli in neurorehabilitation including the neurological diseases or disorders like stroke , spinal cord injury , multiple sclerosis , Parkinson 's ' disease and dystonia . In conclusion , focal vibration stimulation is well tolerated , effective and easy to use , and it could be used to reduce spasticity , to promote motor activity and motor learning within a functional activity , even in gait training , independent from etiology of neurological pathology . Further studies are needed in the future well-designed trials with bigger sample size to determine the most effective frequency , amplitude and duration of vibration application in the neurorehabilitation . Spasticity manifesting as a dysbalance between extensor and flexor muscles may contribute to an impaired hand function . We studied clinical -LRB- n = 10 patients -RRB- and electrophysiological -LRB- n = 9 patients -RRB- changes produced by vibration of forearm extensor muscles -LRB- FEM -RRB- in chronic stroke patients with spastic hemiparesis . In Exp . 1 , the Box and Block Test -LRB- BBT -RRB- was applied to test dexterity before and after 5 minutes of FEM vibration . In Exp . 2 , transcranial magnetic stimulation was used to study the cortical silent period -LRB- CSP -RRB- before and during FEM vibration . Recordings were taken from the antagonistic flexor carpi radialis muscle . After vibration , performance of the BBT was improved by 20 % . The effect persisted for at least 10-15 minutes . Vibration induced a prolongation of the CSP . This effect occurred in the affected and non-affected side to a similar degree . The magnitude of performance changes and CSP changes was not correlated . FEM vibration enhances inhibitory neuronal circuits targeting the antagonistic forearm flexor muscles and is associated with an improved dexterity in the spastic arm . It might become a supporting tool in the motor recovery of spastic hemiparesis . To investigate whether the direct application of vibratory stimuli inhibits spasticity in the hemiplegic upper limbs of post-stroke patients . A randomized controlled study . Thirty-six post-stroke patients . Patients were randomly allocated to the `` Rest group '' , `` Stretch group '' , or `` Direct application of vibratory stimuli group '' . After relaxing in a supine posture for 30 min , subjects received the interventions for 5 min . The Modified Ashworth Scale scores and F-wave parameters were recorded before , immediately after and 30 min after each intervention . The Rest group showed no significant changes in F-wave parameters and Modified Ashworth Scale scores . The Stretch group showed a tendency to decrease in F-wave amplitude and F/M ratio immediately after the intervention , but not 30 min later . The Direct application of vibratory stimuli group showed significant improvements in F-wave parameters and Modified Ashworth Scale scores immediately after the intervention , which remained 30 minutes later . The changes in F-wave parameters and Modified Ashworth Scale scores observed in the Direct application of vibratory stimuli group significantly differed from those in the Rest group and the Stretch group . The direct application of vibratory stimuli has anti-spastic effects in the hemiplegic upper limbs of post-stroke patients . To examine the clinical effect of repetitive focal muscle vibration -LRB- rMV -RRB- on the motor function of the upper extremity 1 month after treatment in patients with chronic stroke . We performed a pilot randomized controlled trial using a double-blind , parallel-group study design . Medical center . Patients with chronic stroke -LRB- N = 49 -RRB- . Patients randomly assigned to the study group -LRB- SG -RRB- received rMV , while patients in the control group -LRB- CG -RRB- received a placebo vibratory treatment . The patients and the clinical examiner were blind to the intervention . The primary endpoint was an improvement of more than .37 points on the Functional Ability Scale of the Wolf Motor Function Test -LRB- WMFT FAS -RRB- . The Modified Ashworth Scale and the visual analog scale were the secondary outcome measures . All measures were administered before the treatment -LRB- t0 -RRB- and 1 week -LRB- t1 -RRB- and 1 month -LRB- t2 -RRB- after the treatment . Twenty-eight patients were allocated to the SG and 21 to the CG . The analysis of variance for repeated measurements revealed a significant difference in the expression of the WMFT FAS score over time only in the SG -LRB- P = .006 -RRB- . The treatment was successful for 7 -LRB- 33 % -RRB- of 21 patients recruited in the SG and for 2 -LRB- 13 % -RRB- of 15 patients recruited in the CG . The relative risk was 2.5 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , .60-10.39 -RRB- , and the number needed to treat was 5 . The Wilcoxon test showed a statistically significant difference between t0 and t2 in the SG -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- . No adverse event was observed in the 2 groups . Our results suggest that rMV treatment of the upper limb may improve the functional ability of chronic stroke patients , but a larger , multicenter , randomized controlled study is needed . To compare the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of treating upper limb spasticity due to stroke with botulinum toxin type A plus an upper limb therapy programme with the upper limb therapy programme alone . A multicentre open-label parallel-group randomised controlled trial and economic evaluation . Twelve stroke services in the north of England , UK . Three hundred and thirty-three adults with upper limb spasticity at the shoulder , elbow , wrist or hand and reduced upper limb function due to stroke more than
Allergic rhinitis affects approximately 30 % of adults and up to 40 % of children in industrialized societies . Medicines available for relief of allergic rhinitis symptoms include antihistamines , decongestants , leukotriene inhibitors , topical hormones , and corticosteroids . However , the negative side-effects of antiallergic medicines cause many patients with allergic rhinitis to choose traditional Chinese medical treatments , such as taking Chinese herbs or treatment with acupuncture . This study assessed the effect of acupuncture for treatment of allergic rhinitis . Eighteen -LRB- 18 -RRB- patients with allergic rhinitis were treated with acupuncture 8 times over a 4-week period , and peripheral blood of these patients was collected at each visit for analysis of gene expression via cDNA microarray . To estimate the therapeutic effect of acupuncture objectively , patients completed the rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life questionnaire -LRB- RQLQ -RRB- before and after acupuncture therapy . Based upon patients ' response to the RQLQ , acupuncture therapy significantly reduced allergic rhinitis symptoms , including nasal symptoms , non-hay fever symptoms , and sleep and practical problems -LRB- associated with daily activities -RRB- . In addition , expression of interleukin-1 receptor-alpha -LRB- IL1R1 -RRB- in peripheral blood was significantly decreased at 2 hours , 24 hours , and 4 weeks after acupuncture treatment in these patients . To our knowledge , this is the first report of cDNA microarray analysis of differential gene expression in the peripheral blood of patients with allergic rhinitis before and after acupuncture treatment . Our data suggest that the balance between T-helper 1 and T-helper 2 cell-derived proinflammatory versus anti-inflammatory cytokines might be improved by acupuncture treatment . To compare therapeutic effects of acupuncture and auricular point pressing therapy on allergic rhinitis . One hundred and fifty cases were randomly divided into an acupuncture group , an auricular point pressing group and a medication control group , 50 cases in each group . The acupuncture group were treated with acupuncture for 6 consecutive days , once each day , with an interval of one day ; and the auricular point pressing group were alternatively treated twice each week ; the medication group were treated with oral administration of western medicine saitezan , once daily , 10 mg once . They were treated for 4 weeks , and the short-term and long-term therapeutic effects , and effects on serum immunological indexes were compared among the three groups . The acupuncture group and the auricular point pressing group in the short-term therapeutic effect and improvement of cumulative scores of symptoms and signs , and the long-term total therapeutic effect and the improvement of cumulative scores of symptoms and signs were better than the medication group -LRB- P < 0.01 , P < 0.05 -RRB- , with no significant differences between the acupuncture group and the auricular point pressing group . Serum IgE , IL-4 contents decreased and IFN-gamma level did not significantly change in the three groups . Acupuncture and auricular pressing therapy in improvement of symptoms and signs are better than the medication , and the therapeutic effect is carried out by inhibiting the differentiation from Th cells to Th2 cells , adjusting the imbalance of Th1/Th2 cells and decrease the synthesis of IgE to inhibit allergic rhinitis . To observe the plasmatic concentration of IL-6 , IL-10 and IL-2 in the patient of chronic allergic rhinitis before and after acupuncture therapy . Group B was then divided into 3 subgroups : 30 patients treated with real acupuncture -LRB- Group B1 -RRB- ; 30 patients treated with sham acupuncture -LRB- Group B2 -RRB- ; 30 non-treated patients -LRB- Group B3 -RRB- . The allergic subjects of group B1 , compared with controls , showed a significant reduction of IL-10 after a specific treatment with acupuncture -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . On the other hand , in those patients treated with sham acupuncture -LRB- B2 -RRB- as well as in non-treated patients -LRB- B3 -RRB- , the IL-10 values remained high and unchanged . There was a statistically significant change in IL-2 values at 24 hours -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- after real acupuncture -LRB- Groups A , B1 -RRB- , however the values remained within normal ranges . The IL-6 do not change after therapy . The acupuncture treatment can reduce plasmatic level of IL-10 in chronic allergic rhinitis . To systematically evaluate the effectiveness of acupuncture for treating or preventing allergic rhinitis -LRB- AR -RRB- . We retrieved data from 17 electronic databases , nonelectronic searches of conference proceedings , our own files of articles , and bibliographies of located articles . All randomized clinical trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- of acupuncture for AR were considered for inclusion if they included placebo controls or were controlled against a comparator intervention . One hundred fifteen possibly relevant studies were identified and 12 RCTs met our inclusion criteria . Our review includes 7 trials of high quality that met standards of methodologic rigor . All RCTs tested the effectiveness of acupuncture on AR symptoms and none on its curative value . Three RCTs failed to show superiority of acupuncture for treating or preventing symptoms for seasonal AR compared with placebo acupuncture . For perennial AR , 1 study reported favorable effects of acupuncture on a rhinitis symptoms score and 1 found positive results for a nasal symptoms score compared with placebo acupuncture -LRB- n = 152 ; standard mean difference , 0.45 ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.13-0.78 ; P = .006 ; heterogeneity : chi2 = 0.45 , P = .50 , I2 = 0 % -RRB- . Two RCTs compared acupuncture with oral pharmacologic medications . Their results were in favor of acupuncture . The evidence for the effectiveness of acupuncture for the symptomatic treatment or prevention of AR is mixed . The results for seasonal AR failed to show specific effects of acupuncture .
Shoulder surgery can result in significant postoperative pain . Interscalene brachial plexus blocks -LRB- ISBs -RRB- constitute the current criterion standard for analgesia but may be contraindicated in patients with pulmonary pathology due to the inherent risk of phrenic nerve block and symptomatic hemidiaphragmatic paralysis . Although ultrasound-guided ISB with small volumes -LRB- 5 mL -RRB- , dilute local anesthetic -LRB- LA -RRB- concentrations , and LA injection 4 mm lateral to the brachial plexus have been shown to reduce the risk of phrenic nerve block , no single intervention can decrease its incidence below 20 % . Ultrasound-guided supraclavicular blocks with LA injection posterolateral to the brachial plexus may anesthetize the shoulder without incidental diaphragmatic dysfunction , but further confirmatory trials are required . Ultrasound-guided C7 root blocks also seem to offer an attractive , diaphragm-sparing alternative to ISB . However , additional large-scale studies are needed to confirm their efficacy and to quantify the risk of periforaminal vascular breach . Combined axillary-suprascapular nerve blocks may provide adequate postoperative analgesia for minor shoulder surgery but do not compare favorably to ISB for major surgical procedures . One intriguing solution lies in the combined use of infraclavicular brachial plexus blocks and suprascapular nerve blocks . Theoretically , the infraclavicular approach targets the posterior and lateral cords , thus anesthetizing the axillary nerve -LRB- which supplies the anterior and posterior shoulder joint -RRB- , as well as the subscapular and lateral pectoral nerves -LRB- both of which supply the anterior shoulder joint -RRB- , whereas the suprascapular nerve block anesthetizes the posterior shoulder . Outpatient continuous interscalene brachial plexus blocks containing bupivacaine or ropivacaine are commonly used to control pain after shoulder surgery . Interscalene blocks cause hemidiaphragmatic paresis . Because ropivacaine preferentially blocks sensory fibers , it may cause less blockade of the phrenic nerve . The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of 2 common continuous interscalene brachial plexus infusions : 0.125 % bupivacaine vs 0.2 % ropivacaine . The study hypothesis is that respiratory function will be less attenuated using ropivacaine than bupivacaine without affecting pain relief . Study design was a prospective randomized double-blind study , registered -LRB- NCT 02059070 -RRB- , with institutional review board approval and written informed consent . The setting was the preoperative and postoperative area in an orthopedic teaching hospital . Outpatients scheduled for shoulder arthroscopic surgery were included . All patients underwent baseline measurements and interscalene catheter placement , then randomized to receive pumps containing either 0.2 % ropivacaine or 0.125 % bupivacaine . There were no statistically significant differences between bupivacaine vs ropivacaine in outcomes of forced expiratory volume at 1 second change -LRB- -22 % ± 18.3 % vs -29 % ± 14.9 % -RRB- , diaphragmatic excursion -LRB- -81.4 % ± 37.95 % vs -75.5 % ± 35.1 % -RRB- , VAS pain scores at rest -LRB- 4.9 ± 2.9 vs 3.5 ± 2.8 -RRB- , or oral opioid consumption -LRB- 33.7 ± 24.3 mg vs 35.1 ± 33.9 mg -RRB- . There was no difference in respiratory dysfunction or opioid requirements between interscalene continuous peripheral nerve blocks with 0.125 % bupivacaine or 0.2 % ropivacaine . Further study is required to identify anesthetic infusates that will control pain while decreasing the attenuation of pulmonary function .
The Alzheimer 's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative -LRB- ADNI -RRB- beginning in October 2004 , is a 6-year research project that studies changes of cognition , function , brain structure and function , and biomarkers in elderly controls , subjects with mild cognitive impairment , and subjects with Alzheimer 's disease -LRB- AD -RRB- . A major goal is to determine and validate MRI , PET images , and cerebrospinal fluid -LRB- CSF -RRB- / blood biomarkers as predictors and outcomes for use in clinical trials of AD treatments . Structural MRI , FDG PET , C-11 Pittsburgh compound B -LRB- PIB -RRB- PET , CSF measurements of amyloid beta -LRB- Abeta -RRB- and species of tau , with clinical/cognitive measurements were performed on elderly controls , subjects with mild cognitive impairment , and subjects with AD . FDG PET , C-11 Pittsburgh compound B PET , and CSF measurements of Abeta and tau were significant predictors of cognitive decline and brain atrophy . All data are available at UCLA/LONI/ADNI , without embargo . ADNI-like projects started in Australia , Europe , Japan , and Korea . ADNI provides significant new information concerning the progression of AD . To investigate the relationship between baseline MRI and CSF biomarkers and subsequent change in continuous measures of cognitive and functional abilities in cognitively normal -LRB- CN -RRB- subjects and patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment -LRB- aMCI -RRB- and Alzheimer disease -LRB- AD -RRB- and to examine the ability of these biomarkers to predict time to conversion from aMCI to AD . Data from the Alzheimer 's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative , which consists of CN , aMCI , and AD cohorts with both CSF and MRI , were used . Structural Abnormality Index -LRB- STAND -RRB- scores , which reflect the degree of AD-like features in MRI , were computed for each subject . Change on continuous measures of cognitive and functional performance was modeled as average Clinical Dementia Rating-sum of boxes and Mini-Mental State Examination scores over a 2-year period . STAND was a better predictor of subsequent cognitive/functional change than CSF biomarkers . Single-predictor Cox proportional hazard models for time to conversion from aMCI to AD showed that STAND and log -LRB- t-tau/Abeta -LRB- 1-42 -RRB- -RRB- were both predictive of future conversion . The age-adjusted hazard ratio for an interquartile change -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -RRB- of STAND was 2.6 -LRB- 1.7 , 4.2 -RRB- and log -LRB- t-tau/Abeta -LRB- 1-42 -RRB- -RRB- was 2.0 -LRB- 1.1 , 3.4 -RRB- . Both MRI and CSF provided information about future cognitive change even after adjusting for baseline cognitive performance . MRI and CSF provide complimentary predictive information about time to conversion from amnestic mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer disease and combination of the 2 provides better prediction than either source alone .
Social impairment is a defining feature of autism spectrum disorder -LRB- ASD -RRB- with no demonstrated effective pharmacologic treatments . The goal of this study was to evaluate efficacy , safety , and tolerability of oral N-acetylcysteine -LRB- NAC -RRB- , an antioxidant whose function overlaps with proposed mechanisms of ASD pathophysiology , targeting core social impairment in youth with ASD . This study was a 12-week randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial of oral NAC in youth with ASD . Study participants were medically healthy youth age 4 to 12 years with ASD , weighing ≥ 15 kg , and judged to be moderately ill based on the Clinical Global Impressions Severity scale . The participants were randomized via computer to active drug or placebo in a 1:1 ratio , with the target dose of NAC being 60 mg/kg/day in three divided doses . The primary outcome measure of efficacy was the Clinical Global Impressions Improvement -LRB- CGI-I -RRB- scale anchored to core social impairment . To investigate the impact of NAC on oxidative stress markers in peripheral blood , venous blood samples were collected at screen and week 12 . Thirty-one patients were enrolled -LRB- NAC = 16 , placebo = 15 -RRB- . Three participants were lost to follow-up , and three left the trial due to adverse effects . The average daily dose of NAC at week 12 was 56.2 mg/kg -LRB- SD = 9.7 -RRB- with dose ranging from 33.6 to 64.3 mg/kg . The frequency of adverse events was so low that comparisons between groups could not be conducted . There was no significant difference between the NAC and placebo groups in the GSH/GSSG ratio , DNA strand break and oxidative damage , and blood homocysteine levels at week 12 -LRB- ps > 0.16 -RRB- . The results of this trial indicate that NAC treatment was well tolerated , had the expected effect of boosting GSH production , but had no significant impact on social impairment in youth with ASD . Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00453180 .
The effect of intensive lipid-lowering therapy on coronary atherosclerosis among men at high risk for cardiovascular events was assessed by quantitative arteriography . Of 146 men no more than 62 years of age who had apolipoprotein B levels greater than or equal to 125 mg per deciliter , documented coronary artery disease , and a family history of vascular disease , 120 completed the 2 1/2 - year double-blind study , which included arteriography at base line and after treatment . Patients were given dietary counseling and were randomly assigned to one of three treatments : lovastatin -LRB- 20 mg twice a day -RRB- and colestipol -LRB- 10 g three times a day -RRB- ; niacin -LRB- 1 g four times a day -RRB- and colestipol -LRB- 10 g three times a day -RRB- ; or conventional therapy with placebo -LRB- or colestipol if the low-density lipoprotein -LSB- LDL -RSB- cholesterol level was elevated -RRB- . The levels of LDL and high-density lipoprotein -LRB- HDL -RRB- cholesterol changed only slightly in the conventional-therapy group -LRB- mean changes , -7 and +5 percent , respectively -RRB- , but more substantially among patients treated with lovastatin and colestipol -LRB- -46 and +15 percent -RRB- or niacin and colestipol -LRB- -32 and +43 percent -RRB- . In the conventional-therapy group , 46 percent of the patients had definite lesion progression -LRB- and no regression -RRB- in at least one of nine proximal coronary segments ; regression was the only change in 11 percent . By comparison , progression -LRB- as the only change -RRB- was less frequent among patients who received lovastatin and colestipol -LRB- 21 percent -RRB- and those who received niacin and colestipol -LRB- 25 percent -RRB- , and regression was more frequent -LRB- lovastatin and colestipol , 32 percent ; niacin and colestipol , 39 percent ; P less than 0.005 -RRB- . Multivariate analysis indicated that a reduction in the level of apolipoprotein B -LRB- or LDL cholesterol -RRB- and in systolic blood pressure , and an increase in HDL cholesterol correlated independently with regression of coronary lesions . Clinical events -LRB- death , myocardial infarction , or revascularization for worsening symptoms -RRB- occurred in 10 of 52 patients assigned to conventional therapy , as compared with 3 of 46 assigned to receive lovastatin and colestipol and 2 of 48 assigned to receive niacin and colestipol -LRB- relative risk of an event during intensive treatment , 0.27 ; 95 percent confidence interval , 0.10 to 0.77 -RRB- . In men with coronary artery disease who were at high risk for cardiovascular events , intensive lipid-lowering therapy reduced the frequency of progression of coronary lesions , increased the frequency of regression , and reduced the incidence of cardiovascular events . In a randomized , double-blind five-year trial , we tested the efficacy of simultaneously elevating serum levels of high-density lipoprotein -LRB- HDL -RRB- cholesterol and lowering levels of non-HDL cholesterol with gemfibrozil in reducing the risk of coronary heart disease in 4081 asymptomatic middle-aged men -LRB- 40 to 55 years of age -RRB- with primary dyslipidemia -LRB- non-HDL cholesterol greater than or equal to 200 mg per deciliter -LSB- 5.2 mmol per liter -RSB- in two consecutive pretreatment measurements -RRB- . One group -LRB- 2051 men -RRB- received 600 mg of gemfibrozil twice daily , and the other -LRB- 2030 men -RRB- received placebo . Gemfibrozil caused a marked increase in HDL cholesterol and persistent reductions in serum levels of total , low-density lipoprotein -LRB- LDL -RRB- , and non-HDL cholesterol and triglycerides . There were minimal changes in serum lipid levels in the placebo group . The cumulative rate of cardiac end points at five years was 27.3 per 1,000 in the gemfibrozil group and 41.4 per 1,000 in the placebo group -- a reduction of 34.0 percent in the incidence of coronary heart disease -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 8.2 to 52.6 ; P less than 0.02 ; two-tailed test -RRB- . The decline in incidence in the gemfibrozil group became evident in the second year and continued throughout the study . There was no difference between the groups in the total death rate , nor did the treatment influence the cancer rates . The results are in accord with two previous trials with different pharmacologic agents and indicate that modification of lipoprotein levels with gemfibrozil reduces the incidence of coronary heart disease in men with dyslipidemia . 3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A -LRB- HMG-CoA -RRB- reductase activity in microsomes isolated from cultured lymphoid -LRB- IM-9 -RRB- cells or freshly isolated human leukocytes was markedly decreased by either ascorbic acid or its oxidized derivative , dehydroascorbate . Inhibition of IM-9 leukocyte HMG-CoA reductase activity was log linear between 0.01 and 10 mM ascorbic acid -LRB- 25 and 81 % inhibition , respectively -RRB- and 0.1 and 10 mM dehydroascorbate -LRB- 5 and 75 % inhibition , respectively -RRB- . Inhibition was noncompetitive with respect to HMG-CoA -LRB- Km = 10.2 microM -LRB- RS -RRB- ; ascorbic acid , Ki = 6.4 mM ; dehydroascorbate , Ki = 15 mM -RRB- and competitive with respect to NADPH -LRB- Km = 16.3 microM ; acetic acid , Ki = 6.3 mM ; dehydroascorbate , Ki = 3.1 mM -RRB- . Ascorbic acid and dehydroascorbate are interconverted through the free radical intermediate monodehydroascorbate . Reducing agents are required to convert dehydroascorbate to monodehydroascorbate , but prevent formation of the free radical from ascorbate . In microsomes from IM-9 cells , the reducing agent , dithiothreitol , abolished HMG-CoA reductase inhibition by ascorbate but enhanced inhibition by dehydroascorbate . In addition , the concentration of monodehydroascorbate present in ascorbate solutions was directly proportional to the degree of HMG-CoA reductase inhibition by 1.0 mM ascorbate . Fifty per cent inhibition of enzyme activity occurred at a monodehydroascorbate concentration of 14 microM . These data indicate that monodehydroascorbate mediates inhibition of HMG-CoA reductase by both ascorbate and dehydroascorbate . This effect does not appear to
The relationship between the amount of inducible ischemia present on stress myocardial perfusion single photon emission computed tomography -LRB- myocardial perfusion stress -LSB- MPS -RSB- -RRB- and the presence of a short-term survival benefit with early revascularization versus medical therapy is not clearly defined . A total of 10 627 consecutive patients who underwent exercise or adenosine MPS and had no prior myocardial infarction or revascularization were followed up -LRB- 90.6 % complete ; mean : 1.9 + / -0.6 years -RRB- . Cardiac death occurred in 146 patients -LRB- 1.4 % -RRB- . Treatment received within 60 days after MPS defined subgroups undergoing revascularization -LRB- 671 patients , 2.8 % mortality -RRB- or medical therapy -LRB- MT -RRB- -LRB- 9956 patients , 1.3 % mortality ; P = 0.0004 -RRB- . To adjust for nonrandomization of treatment , a propensity score was developed using logistic regression to model the decision to refer to revascularization . This model -LRB- chi2 = 1822 , c index = 0.94 , P < 10-7 -RRB- identified inducible ischemia and anginal symptoms as the most powerful predictors -LRB- 83 % , 6 % of overall chi2 -RRB- and was incorporated into survival models . On the basis of the Cox proportional hazards model predicting cardiac death -LRB- chi2 = 539 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- , patients undergoing MT demonstrated a survival advantage over patients undergoing revascularization in the setting of no or mild ischemia , whereas patients undergoing revascularization had an increasing survival benefit over patients undergoing MT when moderate to severe ischemia was present . Furthermore , increasing survival benefit for revascularization over MT was noted in higher risk patients -LRB- elderly , adenosine stress , and women , especially those with diabetes -RRB- . Revascularization compared with MT had greater survival benefit -LRB- absolute and relative -RRB- in patients with moderate to large amounts of inducible ischemia . These findings have significant consequences for future approaches to post-single photon emission computed tomography patient management if confirmed by prospective evaluations . This study assessed the cross-sectional association between coronary artery calcification -LRB- CAC -RRB- and myocardial perfusion in an asymptomatic population . Clinical studies showed that the prevalence of stress-induced ischemia increased with CAC burden among patients with coronary heart disease -LRB- CHD -RRB- . Whether an association between CAC and myocardial perfusion exists in subjects without a history of CHD remains largely unknown . A total of 222 men and women , ages 45 to 84 years old and free of CHD diagnosis , in the Minnesota field center of the MESA -LRB- Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis -RRB- were studied . Myocardial blood flow -LRB- MBF -RRB- was measured using magnetic resonance imaging during rest and adenosine-induced hyperemia . Perfusion reserve was calculated as the ratio of hyperemic to resting MBF . Agatston CAC score was determined from chest multidetector computed tomography . Mean values of hyperemic MBF and perfusion reserve , but not resting MBF , were monotonically lower across increasing CAC levels . After adjusting for age and gender , odds ratios -LRB- 95 % confidence intervals -RRB- of reduced perfusion reserve -LRB- < 2.5 -RRB- for subjects with CAC scores of 0 , 0.1 to 99.9 , 100 to 399 , and > or = 400 were 1.00 -LRB- reference -RRB- , 2.16 -LRB- 0.96 to 4.84 -RRB- , 2.81 -LRB- 1.04 to 7.58 -RRB- , and 4.99 -LRB- 1.73 to 14.4 -RRB- , respectively . Further adjustment for other coronary risk factors did not substantially modify the association . However , the inverse association between perfusion reserve and CAC attenuated with advancing age -LRB- p for interaction < 0.05 -RRB- . Coronary vasodilatory response was associated inversely with the presence and severity of CAC in asymptomatic adults . Myocardial perfusion could be impaired by or manifest the progression to subclinical coronary atherosclerosis in the absence of clinical CHD . Myocardial infarcts are routinely detected by nuclear imaging techniques such as single photon emission computed tomography -LRB- SPECT -RRB- myocardial perfusion imaging . A newly developed technique for infarct detection based on contrast-enhanced cardiovascular magnetic resonance -LRB- CMR -RRB- has higher spatial resolution than SPECT . We postulated that this technique would detect infarcts missed by SPECT . We did contrast-enhanced CMR and SPECT examinations in 91 patients with suspected or known coronary artery disease . All CMR and SPECT images were scored , using a 14-segment model , for the presence , location , and spatial extent of infarction . To compare each imaging modality to a gold standard , we also acquired contrast-enhanced CMR and SPECT images in 12 dogs with , and three dogs without , myocardial infarction as defined by histochemical staining . In animals , contrast-enhanced CMR and SPECT detected all segments with nearly transmural infarction -LRB- > 75 % transmural extent of the left-ventricular wall -RRB- . CMR also identified 100 of the 109 segments -LRB- 92 % -RRB- with subendocardial infarction -LRB- < 50 % transmural extent of the left-ventricular wall -RRB- , whereas SPECT identified only 31 -LRB- 28 % -RRB- . SPECT and CMR showed high specificity for the detection of infarction -LRB- 97 % and 98 % , respectively -RRB- . In patients , all segments with nearly transmural infarction , as defined by contrast-enhanced CMR , were detected by SPECT . However , of the 181 segments with subendocardial infarction , 85 -LRB- 47 % -RRB- were not detected by SPECT . On a per patient basis , six -LRB- 13 % -RRB- individuals with subendocardial infarcts visible by CMR had no evidence of infarction by SPECT . SPECT and CMR detect transmural myocardial infarcts at similar rates . However , CMR systematically detects subendocardial infarcts that are missed by SPECT . Fast breathhold cardiovascular magnetic resonance -LRB- CMR -RRB- has become a reference standard for the measurement of cardiac volumes , function , and mass . The implications of this for sample sizes for remodeling studies
Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol -LRB- THC -RRB- , the primary psychoactive constituent in cannabis , impairs psychomotor performance , cognition and driving ability ; thus , driving under the influence of cannabis is a public safety concern . We documented cannabis ' psychomotor , neurocognitive , subjective and physiological effects in occasional and frequent smokers to investigate potential differences between these smokers . Fourteen frequent -LRB- ≥ 4x/week -RRB- and 11 occasional -LRB- < 2x/week -RRB- cannabis smokers entered a secure research unit ∼ 19 h prior to smoking one 6.8 % THC cigarette . Occasional smokers had significantly more difficulty compensating for CTT tracking error compared with frequent smokers 1.5 h after smoking . Divided attention performance declined significantly especially in occasional smokers , with session × group effects for tracking error , hits , false alarms and reaction time . Cannabis smoking did not elicit session × group effects on the n-back or BART . Controlled cannabis smoking impaired psychomotor function , more so in occasional smokers , suggesting some tolerance to psychomotor impairment in frequent users .
This paper reviews some seminal and recent studies using these approaches to improve cognition and physical functioning in healthy older adults and in patients suffering from non-neurological chronic medical conditions . Results from cognitive training studies suggest that despite performance improvement in trained tasks , transfer effects appeared very limited . Surprisingly though , computerized dual-task training has been shown to improve balance and postural control in tests of physical functioning , suggesting that broad transfer can sometimes be observed . Physical exercise intervention studies generally found significant and large improvements in physical capacity , in some cognitive domains , and in quality of life . Overall , results reviewed here support the notion that cognitive plasticity for attentional control , as induced by cognitive training or physical activity and exercise , is preserved in late adulthood . Moreover , results of studies with patients at risk of cognitive decline also suggest that cognitive training and exercise interventions are promising nonpharmaceutical tools to help improve cognition in older at-risk individuals . The purpose of this Position Stand is to provide guidance to professionals who counsel and prescribe individualized exercise to apparently healthy adults of all ages . These recommendations also may apply to adults with certain chronic diseases or disabilities , when appropriately evaluated and advised by a health professional . This document supersedes the 1998 American College of Sports Medicine -LRB- ACSM -RRB- Position Stand , `` The Recommended Quantity and Quality of Exercise for Developing and Maintaining Cardiorespiratory and Muscular Fitness , and Flexibility in Healthy Adults . '' The scientific evidence demonstrating the beneficial effects of exercise is indisputable , and the benefits of exercise far outweigh the risks in most adults . A program of regular exercise that includes cardiorespiratory , resistance , flexibility , and neuromotor exercise training beyond activities of daily living to improve and maintain physical fitness and health is essential for most adults . The ACSM recommends that most adults engage in moderate-intensity cardiorespiratory exercise training for ≥ 30 min · d on ≥ 5 d · wk for a total of ≥ 150 min · wk , vigorous-intensity cardiorespiratory exercise training for ≥ 20 min · d on ≥ 3 d · wk -LRB- ≥ 75 min · wk -RRB- , or a combination of moderate - and vigorous-intensity exercise to achieve a total energy expenditure of ≥ 500-1000 MET · min · wk . On 2-3 d · wk , adults should also perform resistance exercises for each of the major muscle groups , and neuromotor exercise involving balance , agility , and coordination . Crucial to maintaining joint range of movement , completing a series of flexibility exercises for each the major muscle-tendon groups -LRB- a total of 60 s per exercise -RRB- on ≥ 2 d · wk is recommended . The exercise program should be modified according to an individual 's habitual physical activity , physical function , health status , exercise responses , and stated goals . In addition to exercising regularly , there are health benefits in concurrently reducing total time engaged in sedentary pursuits and also by interspersing frequent , short bouts of standing and physical activity between periods of sedentary activity , even in physically active adults . Behaviorally based exercise interventions , the use of behavior change strategies , supervision by an experienced fitness instructor , and exercise that is pleasant and enjoyable can improve adoption and adherence to prescribed exercise programs . Educating adults about and screening for signs and symptoms of CHD and gradual progression of exercise intensity and volume may reduce the risks of exercise . Consultations with a medical professional and diagnostic exercise testing for CHD are useful when clinically indicated but are not recommended for universal screening to enhance the safety of exercise .
We assessed the efficacy of the oral multitargeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor sunitinib in patients with metastatic clear cell renal cell carcinoma . Patients with metastatic clear cell renal cell carcinoma were enrolled in this multicenter , phase II clinical trial . Major eligibility requirements were clear cell renal cell carcinoma histology , prior nephrectomy , measurable metastases and failed prior cytokine therapy as a result of disease progression . Sunitinib was given orally as second line therapy in 6-week cycles of 50 mg daily for 4 weeks , followed by 2 weeks off drug per treatment cycle . Response to sunitinib was rigorously assessed by an independent third party core imaging laboratory -LRB- central review -RRB- . Of 106 patients enrolled in the study 105 were evaluated for response . As determined by independent third party assessment , the objective response rate was 33 % -LRB- 95 % CI 24 % -43 % -RRB- with a median response duration of 14.0 months . Median time to progression and median progression-free survival in the 105 evaluable patients was 10.7 and 8.8 months , respectively . Median survival was 23.9 months and 43 patients remained alive at a median followup of 29.7 months . The results of this trial demonstrate the efficacy of sunitinib for metastatic renal cell carcinoma . The optimal integration of surgery and sunitinib treatment requires further prospective investigation . Bevacizumab -LRB- Bev -RRB- has clinical activity in advanced renal cell carcinoma -LRB- RCC -RRB- , and , when combined with erlotinib -LRB- Erl -RRB- , has shown encouraging objective response rate -LRB- ORR -RRB- and progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- . We performed a phase II , randomized , double-blind , multicenter , placebo-controlled trial to assess whether Erl provides additional clinical benefit with regard to PFS and ORR when combined with Bev in first-line treatment of metastatic RCC . One hundred four patients received intravenous Bev -LRB- 10 mg/kg -RRB- every 2 weeks in combination with oral Erl -LRB- 150 mg -RRB- or placebo daily . Patients were treated until progression or toxicity . A landmark analysis was performed 9 months after enrollment was completed -LRB- median follow-up , 9.8 months -RRB- . Sixty-five patients had discontinued therapy ; time to study discontinuation did not differ between the two treatment groups . The median PFS was 9.9 months -LRB- Bev + Erl -LSB- B+E -RSB- -RRB- versus 8.5 months -LRB- Bev ; hazard ratio = 0.86 ; 95 % CI , 0.5 to 1.49 ; P = .58 -RRB- . ORR -LRB- complete plus partial -RRB- was 14 % -LRB- B+E -RRB- versus 13 % -LRB- Bev -RRB- . One complete response occurred in the B+E group . Median survival was 20 months for B+E but not reached for Bev . The most common grade 3/4 adverse events -LRB- > 5 % of patients -RRB- were hypertension , rash , proteinuria , diarrhea , and hemorrhage . One treatment-related death occurred on study -LRB- GI perforation , B+E group -RRB- . The addition of Erl to Bev was well tolerated , but did not provide additional clinical benefit compared with Bev alone . Bev has encouraging clinical activity for previously untreated metastatic RCC patients . The treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma -LRB- RCC -RRB- with high-dose interleukin-2 -LRB- HD IL-2 -RRB- has resulted in durable tumor regression in a minority of patients . The current study presents the authors ' 20-year experience administering this immunotherapeutic agent . Patients with metastatic RCC -LRB- n = 259 -RRB- were treated with HD IL-2 alone from January 13 , 1986 through December 31 , 2006 at the Surgery Branch of the National Cancer Institute . Potential predictive factors for response and survival , both pretreatment and treatment-related , were first subjected to univariate analysis and then to multivariate logistic regression or a Cox proportional hazards model . Finally , the authors investigated Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center -LRB- MSKCC -RRB- prognostic factors for survival to assess their predictive value in the patient population in the current study . Despite toxicities , only 2 patients developed treatment-related mortalities over this same time period . A higher baseline weight -LRB- P = .05 -RRB- and MSKCC prognostic factors -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- were found to be the variables most associated with response . For survival > 4 years and overall survival , several pretreatment and treatment-related factors maintained significance , but none more so than response -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- . HD IL-2 can induce complete tumor regression in a small number of patients , and many patients have experienced extended disease-free intervals . Given its relative safety , HD IL-2 should still be considered a first-line therapy in patients with metastatic RCC who have an overall good performance status .
The Immune Tolerance Network ITN030ST A-WISH assessed immunosuppression withdrawal in liver transplant recipients with hepatitis C or nonimmune nonviral liver disease . Of 275 recipients enrolled before transplantation , 95 were randomly assigned 4:1 to withdrawal -LRB- n = 77 -RRB- or maintenance -LRB- n = 18 -RRB- 1 - to 2-years posttransplant . Randomization eligibility criteria included stable immunosuppression monotherapy ; adequate liver and kidney function ; ≤ Stage 2 Ishak fibrosis ; and absence of rejection on biopsy . Fifty-two of 77 subjects -LRB- 67.5 % -RRB- reduced to ≤ 50 % of baseline dose , and 10 of 77 -LRB- 13.0 % -RRB- discontinued all immunosuppression for ≥ 1 year . Acute rejection and/or abnormal liver tests were treated with increased immunosuppression ; 5 of 32 rejection episodes required a methylprednisolone bolus . Early immunosuppression minimization is feasible in selected liver recipients , while complete withdrawal is successful in only a small proportion .
Qualitative study . Four focus groups of lower limb prosthesis users were held in different regions of the United States . Focus group transcripts were coded , and themes were identified . Feedback from participants was used to develop a framework for measuring mobility with a lower limb prosthesis . Focus group participants -LRB- N = 37 -RRB- described mobility as a confluence of factors that included characteristics of the individual , activity , and environment . Identified themes were defined as individual characteristics , forms of movement , and environmental situations . Respondent feedback used to guide development of Prosthetic Limb Users Survey of Mobility established a foundation for a new person-centered measure of mobility with a prosthetic limb . Perspectives of target respondents are needed to guide development of instruments intended to measure health outcomes . Focus groups of prosthetic limb users were conducted to solicit experiences related to mobility with a lower limb prosthesis . Results were used to inform development of a clinically meaningful , person-centered instrument .
Despite optimal suppression of HIV replication , restoration of CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells is not always achieved in antiretroviral therapy-treated individuals . Defective CD4 recovery in immunologic nonresponders is possibly associated with TLR-mediated immune activation driven by alterations of gut permeability . Hydroxychloroquine -LRB- HCQ -RRB- reduces endosomal TLR signaling ; thus , we verified whether HCQ could dampen immune activation and be associated with an increase in CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells . To this end , we enrolled in a prospective study 20 HIV-infected immunologic nonresponders -LRB- CD4 count < 200 cells/mL or CD4 increase < 5 % in the last 12 months -RRB- who received 400 mg/day HCQ for 6 months . HCQ had a notable impact on immune activation as shown by significant modifications of the following parameters : -LRB- 1 -RRB- reduced plasma lipopolysaccharide ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- decreased TLR4-expressing CD14 -LRB- + -RRB- cells , TLR4-mediated signal transduction , and mRNA synthesis ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- reduced percentages of activated CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- -LRB- CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- / Ki67 -LRB- + -RRB- -RRB- and CD14 -LRB- + -RRB- -LRB- CD14 -LRB- + -RRB- / CD69 -LRB- + -RRB- -RRB- cells ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- increased T-regulatory cells -LRB- Tregs -RRB- , naive Tregs , and TLR4-expressing Tregs ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- augmented plasmacytoid dendritic cells and reduced IFNα-secreting plasmacytoid dendritic cells ; and -LRB- 6 -RRB- reduced IL-6 and TNFα production . HCQ-induced immune modulation was associated with increased percentages of circulating CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells and was mostly retained 2 months after therapy interruption . HCQ reduces lipopolysaccharide/TLR-mediated immune activation ; this compound could be a useful immunomodulant in HIV-infected patients . We evaluated chloroquine -LRB- CQ -RRB- as a potential therapy to reduce immune activation during HIV infection . We found that the frequency of CD38 -LRB- + -RRB- HLA-DR -LRB- + -RRB- CD8 T cells , as well as Ki-67 expression in CD8 and CD4 T cells , was significantly reduced during CQ treatment .
Recently , we prospectively isolated a CD133 + cell subpopulation from human brain tumours that exhibited stem cell properties in vitro . Here we report the development of a xenograft assay that identified human brain tumour initiating cells that initiate tumours in vivo . Only the CD133 + brain tumour fraction contains cells that are capable of tumour initiation in NOD-SCID -LRB- non-obese diabetic , severe combined immunodeficient -RRB- mouse brains . Injection of as few as 100 CD133 + cells produced a tumour that could be serially transplanted and was a phenocopy of the patient 's original tumour , whereas injection of 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- CD133 - cells engrafted but did not cause a tumour . Thus , the identification of brain tumour initiating cells provides insights into human brain tumour pathogenesis , giving strong support for the CSC hypothesis as the basis for many solid tumours , and establishes a previously unidentified cellular target for more effective cancer therapies .
This study evaluated a simple environmental intervention called ` Water Schools ' in Lower Austria providing free refillable water bottles and educational material . Non-randomised controlled cluster trial with three measurements : at baseline -LRB- T0 -RRB- , after the intervention at 9 months -LRB- T1 -RRB- and after 1-year follow-up -LRB- T2 -RRB- . Half-day elementary schools in Lower Austria -LRB- Austria -RRB- . Third-grade pupils from twenty-two schools in the intervention group -LRB- IG -RRB- and thirty-two schools in the control group -LRB- CG -RRB- participated in the study . Data were analysed for 569 to 598 pupils in the IG and for 545 to 613 in the CG , depending on the time of measurement . The consumption of tap water increased in the IG from baseline to T1 and then decreased again at T2 , but this was similar in the CG -LRB- no statistically significant difference in the time trend between the IG and CG -RRB- . Similar results were seen for tap water consumption in the mornings . Not only the children in the IG but also those in the CG drank more tap water after 1 school year than at the beginning . The measurement of drinking habits in the CG may have been intervention enough to bring about changes or to initiate projects .
Postural tachycardia syndrome -LRB- POTS -RRB- is a common form of chronic orthostatic intolerance . The remarkable increase in heart rate -LRB- HR -RRB- upon standing is the hallmark of this syndrome . Treatment of POTS patients is challenging and includes drugs that slow the HR . Ivabradine is a selective If channel blocker designed to slow the HR , as an anti-anginal agent . In view of its ability to slow the HR , we posited that ivabradine may be an ideal medication for treating POTS patients . This report provides the results of an investigation in which we studied ivabradine 's effect on the hemodynamics and sympathovagal balance in POTS patients . An open-label trial , without a placebo control , was performed in eight patients with POTS of two years ' standing . During a 5-minute head-up tilt , the HR decreased from 118 ± 4 bpm to 101 ± 5 bpm -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- . Ivabradine did not affect the BP when patients were at rest in a supine position or in head-up tilt position . Cardiovascular vagal and sympathetic tone , extrapolated from the time and frequency domains of the HR and BP variability , were also not affected by ivabradine . Ivabradine is an effective drug for slowing the HR of POTS patients at rest and during tilting , without producing significant adverse effects . Moreover , ivabradine exerts its effects without influencing the sympathovagal balance .
Facial aging was once thought to be the result of the relentless downward pull of gravity on skin and underlying fat . In turn , facial fat was believed to be a contiguous sheet of tissue . However , over the past four decades , a number of investigators have examined more closely the causes of facial aging , leading to a better understanding of age-related changes , and have confirmed and further explored the proposal by Gonzalez-Ulloa and Flores in 1965 that facial aging involves changes in muscle and bone , as well as skin and fat . Further , the recent work of Rohrich and Pessa -LRB- and other authors -RRB- has demonstrated that facial fat is not a sheet of tissue , but rather is compartmentalized throughout the face . This discovery has allowed the evolution of improved techniques for facial rejuvenation . Biomaterials are playing a vital role in our day-to-day life . Hyaluronan -LRB- hyaluronic acid -RRB- , a biomaterial , receives special attention among them . Hyaluronic acid -LRB- HA -RRB- is a polyanionic natural polymer occurring as linear polysaccharide composed of glucuronic acid and N-acetylglucosamine repeats via a β-1,4 linkage . It is the most versatile macromolecule present in the connective tissues of all vertebrates . Hyaluronic acid has a wide range of applications with its excellent physicochemical properties such as biodegradability , biocompatibility , nontoxicity , and nonimmunogenicity and serves as an excellent tool in biomedical applications such as osteoarthritis surgery , ocular surgery , plastic surgery , tissue engineering , and drug delivery . It plays a key role in cushioning and lubricating the body and is abundant in the eyes , joints , and heart valves . A powerful antioxidant , hyaluronic acid is perhaps best known for its ability to bond water to tissue . Hyaluronan production increases in proliferating cells , and the polymer may play a role in mitosis . This chapter gives an overview of hyaluronic acid and its physicochemical properties and applications . This chapter gives a deep understanding on the special benefits of hyaluronic acid in the fields of pharmaceutical , medical , and environmental applications . Hyaluronic acid paves the way for beneficial research and applications to the welfare of life forms . Although various injection techniques of hyaluronic acid -LRB- HA -RRB- filler for facial rejuvenation have been developed , correction of deep wrinkles/grooves , such as the nasolabial fold -LRB- NLF -RRB- , with intradermal or subdermal injections remains difficult . We tested the intradermal HA injection method to place multiple HA struts by -LRB- 1 -RRB- inserting a small needle perpendicularly to the wrinkle and -LRB- 2 -RRB- injecting HA as intradermal struts with the skin fully stretched by the practitioner 's fingers . The results of both NLFs in 10 patients suggest that this technique improves NLFs and maintain the effects more consistently than conventional techniques , although the effects of both methods were almost lost after 6 months . Selective and/or combined application of this technique may enhance the current approach to facial rejuvenation with dermal fillers . Mannitol containing monophasic filler with higher crosslinking has not been well studied for moderate and severe nasolabial fold -LRB- NLF -RRB- correction . To compare the efficacy and safety of a novel mannitol containing hyaluronic acid -LRB- HA -RRB- filler -LRB- HA-G -RRB- with biphasic HA filler -LRB- HA-P -RRB- for moderate and severe NLF correction . Thirteen subjects with symmetric moderate to severe NLF received HA-G -LRB- in one NLF -RRB- and HA-P -LRB- in other NLF -RRB- and were evaluated for 24 weeks . At both 12 and 24 weeks , the mean improvement in Genzyme 6-point grading scale from baseline was significantly greater in the side of face that was treated with HA-G than HA-P -LRB- 1.96 ± 0.91 vs. 1.54 ± 0.73 at week 12 ; p = 0.044 , 1.88 ± 0.78 vs. 1.3 ± 0.79 at week 24 ; p = 0.027 , respectively -RRB- . At 12 weeks , the mean Global Aesthetic Improvement Scale score was 2.92 ± 0.93 for HA-G and 2.31 ± 0.95 for HA-P -LRB- p = 0.008 -RRB- . Both fillers were well tolerated . The HA filler HA-G provides better efficacy and similar local tolerability compared with HA-P in 6 months following treatment for moderate and severe NLF . The dermal filler Princess VOLUME is a highly cross-linked , viscoelastic hyaluronic acid injectable gel implant used for aesthetic treatment . To evaluate the efficacy and safety of Princess VOLUME in the treatment of nasolabial folds , an open-label uncontrolled , multicenter study was conducted . Forty-eight subjects were recruited who had moderate to deep wrinkles , according to the Modified Fitzpatrick Wrinkle Scale -LRB- MFWS -RRB- . Subjects received Princess VOLUME in both nasolabial folds at Day 0 . Nasolabial fold severity was evaluated at 30 , 90 , 180 , and 270 days after treatment , using the MFWS and the Global Aesthetic Improvement Scale -LRB- GAIS -RRB- . Adverse events and treatment site reactions were recorded . Among the 48 subjects , 93.8 % were female with a median age of 52 years . There were significant improvements -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- in the MFWS scores at 30 , 180 , and 270 days after treatment compared with those at baseline , with a mean decrease of 1.484 -LRB- ± 0.408 -RRB- , 1.309 -LRB- ± 0.373 -RRB- , and 1.223 -LRB- ± 0.401 -RRB- , respectively ; hence the primary endpoint was achieved and clinical efficacy demonstrated . Princess VOLUME was well tolerated , and most adverse events were injection site reactions of mild to moderate severity . Subject satisfaction -LRB- 97.9 % -RRB- , subject recommendation of the treatment -LRB- 93.6 % -RRB- , and investigators GAIS scores -LRB- 97.9 % improvement -RRB- were high . Juvéderm Voluma XC is a volumizing hyaluronic acid filler used for correction of age-related midface volume
High quality of surgical technique and the use of descriptive measures to assess and report surgical proficiency have been shown to influence locoregional tumor control in patients with rectal cancer . In this study , the authors have aimed to audit the implementation of a macroscopic assessment of mesorectal excision -LRB- MAME -RRB- and to investigate factors that influenced surgical quality and disease recurrence . All curative resections for rectal cancer were prospectively evaluated for MAME between 1998 and 2007 . Mesorectal specimens were graded into 3 types : complete , nearly complete , and incomplete categories . Univariate and multivariate analyses identified independent risk factors for noncomplete mesorectum categories as well as local and overall tumor recurrence . Of 359 specimens , 294 -LRB- 81.9 % -RRB- underwent evaluation ; 82.3 % were `` complete . '' Abdominoperineal resection -LRB- APR -RRB- was the sole covariate associated with inadequate mesorectal excision -LRB- odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- = 2.7 ; P = .003 -RRB- . Independent predictors of local recurrence were circumferential resection margin -LRB- CRM -RRB- involvement -LRB- OR = 3.6 ; P = .027 -RRB- and noncomplete mesorectum -LRB- OR = 4.4 ; P = .008 -RRB- . In lower third tumors , noncomplete mesorectum occurred more frequently in APR compared with sphincter-saving procedures -LRB- 31.1 % vs 18.8 % ; P = .088 -RRB- . This study demonstrates the value of auditing MAME . Good proficiency of mesorectal excision is associated with lower tumor recurrences after curative surgery , and is a morphological tool found to be useful in clinical practice . To examine the role of total mesorectal excision in the management of rectal cancer . A prospective consecutive case series . A district hospital and referral center in Basingstoke , England . Five hundred nineteen surgical patients with adenocarcinoma of the rectum treated for cure or palliation . Anterior resections -LRB- n = 465 -RRB- with low stapled anastomoses -LRB- 407 total mesorectal excisions -RRB- , abdominoperineal resections -LRB- n = 37 -RRB- , Hartmann resections -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- , local excisions -LRB- n = 4 -RRB- , and laparotomy only -LRB- n = 3 -RRB- . Preoperative radiotherapy was used in 49 patients -LRB- 7 with abdominoperineal resections , 38 with anterior resections , 3 with Hartmann resections , and 1 with laparotomy -RRB- . Local recurrence and cancer-specific survival . Cancer-specific survival of all surgically treated patients was 68 % at 5 years and 66 % at 10 years . The local recurrence rate was 6 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , 2 % -10 % -RRB- at 5 years and 8 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , 2 % -14 % -RRB- at 10 years . In 405 `` curative '' resections , the local recurrence rate was 3 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , 0 % -5 % -RRB- at 5 years and 4 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , 0 % -8 % -RRB- at 10 years . An analysis of histopathological risk factors for recurrence indicates only the Dukes stage , extramural vascular invasion , and tumor differentiation as variables in these results . Rectal cancer can be cured by surgical therapy alone in 2 of 3 patients undergoing surgical excision in all stages and in 4 of 5 patients having curative resections .
In clinical exome and genome sequencing , there is a potential for the recognition and reporting of incidental or secondary findings unrelated to the indication for ordering the sequencing but of medical value for patient care . The American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics -LRB- ACMG -RRB- recently published a policy statement on clinical sequencing that emphasized the importance of alerting the patient to the possibility of such results in pretest patient discussions , clinical testing , and reporting of results . The ACMG appointed a Working Group on Incidental Findings in Clinical Exome and Genome Sequencing to make recommendations about responsible management of incidental findings when patients undergo exome or genome sequencing . This Working Group conducted a year-long consensus process , including an open forum at the 2012 Annual Meeting and review by outside experts , and produced recommendations that have been approved by the ACMG Board . The ACMG recommends that laboratories performing clinical sequencing seek and report mutations of the specified classes or types in the genes listed here . This evaluation and reporting should be performed for all clinical germline -LRB- constitutional -RRB- exome and genome sequencing , including the `` normal '' of tumor-normal subtractive analyses in all subjects , irrespective of age but excluding fetal samples . We recognize that there are insufficient data on penetrance and clinical utility to fully support these recommendations , and we encourage the creation of an ongoing process for updating these recommendations at least annually as further data are collected . Genomic population research increases the possibility of finding genetic coding anomalies that are not the primary object of research but may have significance for the current and future medical care of research participants and progeny . The December 2013 Report of the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues -LRB- Anticipate and Communicate : Ethical Management of Incidental and Secondary Findings in the Clinical , Research , and Direct-to-Consumer Contexts -LRB- http://bioethics.gov/sites/default/files/FINALAnticipateCommunicate_PCSBI_0.pdf -RRB- -RRB- recommends that a researcher anticipate these findings and make a plan that addresses which findings will be communicated to research participants and how . Following these recommendations will be disruptive for both investigators and institutional review boards -LRB- IRBs -RRB- until the research community reaches consensus , or a mechanism for evolving consensus , on which results should be returned to research participants . Epidemiologists will note that discussion of the return of results and the plan for communicating findings should be included in both the participant consent agreement and the research protocol submitted to the IRB . Researchers face the dilemma of how to obtain consent for return of incidental findings from genomic research . We surveyed and interviewed investigators and study participants , with the goal of providing suggestions for how to shape the consent process . We performed an online survey of 254 US genetic researchers identified through the NIH RePORTER database , abstracts from the 2011 American Society of Human Genetics meeting , and qualitative semi-structured interviews with 28 genomic researchers and 20 research participants . Most researchers and participants endorsed disclosure of a wide range of information about return of incidental findings , including risks , benefits , impact on family members , data security , and procedures , for return of results in the event of death or incapacity and for recontact . However , most researchers were willing to devote 30 min or less to this process and expressed concerns that disclosed information would overwhelm participants , a concern shared by many participants themselves . There is a disjunction between the views of investigators and participants about the amount of information that should be disclosed and the practical realities of the research setting , including the time available for consent discussions . This strongly suggests the need for innovative approaches to the informed consent process .
Stroke is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in the world . Low-dose methylene blue -LRB- MB -RRB- , which has been used safely to treat methemoglobinemia and cyanide poisoning in humans , has energy enhancing and antioxidant properties . We tested the hypothesis that methylene blue treatment delays progression of at-risk tissue -LRB- ca . perfusion-diffusion mismatch -RRB- to infarct in permanent middle cerebral artery occlusion in rats at two MB treatment doses . Serial MRI was used to evaluate MB treatment efficacy . The major findings were : -LRB- i -RRB- MB significantly prolonged the perfusion-diffusion mismatch , -LRB- ii -RRB- MB mildly increased the CBF in the hypoperfused tissue , -LRB- iii -RRB- MB did not change the final infarct volume in permanent ischemic stroke , and -LRB- iv -RRB- there were no dose-dependent effects on mismatch progression for the 1 and 3mg/kg doses studied . This neuroprotective effect is likely the result of sustained ATP production and increased CBF to tissue at risk . This work has the potential to readily lead to clinical stroke trials given MB 's excellent safety profile . Methylene blue -LRB- MB -RRB- has unique energy-enhancing and antioxidant properties and is FDA-approved drug to treat methemoglobinemia and cyanide poisoning . This study evaluated the efficacy of MB to treat ischemic stroke in rats using longitudinal MRI and behavioral measures . Rats were subjected to 60-minute middle-cerebral-artery occlusion . In a randomized double-blinded design , vehicle or MB was administered after reperfusion . The initial lesion volumes at 30 minutes post-ischemia were not significantly different between the two groups -LRB- P = 0.92 -RRB- . The final infarct volumes two days after stroke increased in the vehicle group but decreased in the MB group , yielding a 30 % difference in infarct volume -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- . Tracking tissue fate on a pixel-by-pixel basis showed that MB salvaged more initial core pixels compared to controls -LRB- 22 ± 3 % versus 11 ± 3 % , P = 0.03 -RRB- , and more mismatch pixels compared to controls -LRB- 83 ± 3 % versus 61 ± 8 % , P = 0.02 -RRB- . This study demonstrates MB treatment minimizes ischemic brain injury and improves functional outcomes . To determine the pharmacokinetics and organ distribution of i.v. and oral methylene blue , which is used to prevent ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy in oncology . The concentration of methylene blue in whole blood was measured using high-performance liquid chromatography in seven volunteers after i.v. and oral administration of 100 mg methylene blue with and without mesna . The distribution of methylene blue in different tissues was measured in rats after intraduodenal and i.v. application . The time course of methylene blue in whole blood after i.v. administration showed a multiphasic time course with an estimated terminal half-life of 5.25 h. Following oral administration , the area under the concentration-time curve was much lower -LRB- 9 nmol/min/ml vs 137 nmol/min/ml -RRB- . Co-administration of mesna , which could influence distribution by ion-pairing , did not alter the pharmacokinetics . The urinary excretion of methylene blue and its leucoform was only moderately higher after i.v. administration -LRB- 18 % vs 28 % dose -RRB- . Intraduodenal administration to rats resulted in higher concentrations in intestinal wall and liver but lower concentrations in whole blood and brain than i.v. methylene blue . Differences in organ distribution of methylene blue are mainly responsible for the different pharmacokinetics after oral and i.v. administration . If methylene blue acts in the liver , where ifosfamide is primarily activated to reactive and potentially toxic metabolites , oral and i.v. methylene blue are likely to be equally effective . However , if the site of action is the central nervous system , i.v. methylene blue which results in much higher concentrations in brain seems preferable . We investigated whether postextinction administration of methylene blue -LRB- MB -RRB- could enhance retention of an extinguished conditioned response . MB is a redox compound that at low doses elevates cytochrome oxidase activity , thereby improving brain energy production . Saline or MB -LRB- 4 mg/kg intraperitoneally -RRB- were administered to rats for 5 d following extinction training of tone-footshock conditioning . Postextinction freezing was lower in rats receiving MB compared with saline , suggesting that MB improved retention of the extinction memory . The MB effect was specific to tone-evoked freezing because there were no differences in pretone freezing . Control subjects similarly injected with MB showed no evidence of nonspecific effects on measures of motor activity and fearfulness . MB-treated rats exhibited both greater retention of extinction and greater overall brain metabolic activity . Rats with higher retention of extinction also showed a relative increase in cytochrome oxidase activity in prefrontal cortical regions , especially anterior infralimbic cortex , dorsal and medial frontal cortex , and lateral orbital cortex . These regional metabolic increases were also correlated to the behavioral freezing index used to assess retention of extinction . A 2-year prophylactic trial was carried out in 31 bipolar manic-depressive subjects , comparing 300 mg/day methylene blue on a double-blind crossover basis with 15 mg/day . All patients were also maintained on lithium . During the year the patients were treated with methylene blue at 300 mg/day , they were significantly less depressed than during the year on 15 mg/day . No significant difference in the severity of manic symptoms was shown . The trial had obvious limitations , e.g. , a small number of subjects , a relatively large number of dropouts , relatively simple rating scales , doubts about blindness , and uncertainty as to whether or not 15 mg methylene blue per day could be considered a placebo . However , the results suggest that methylene blue may be a useful addition to lithium in the long-term treatment of manic-depressive psychosis and warrants further investigation . Activity and reactivity of the default mode network in the brain was studied
We designed this trial to assess whether the addition of standardized Burch colposuspension to abdominal sacrocolpopexy for the treatment of pelvic-organ prolapse decreases postoperative stress urinary incontinence in women without preoperative symptoms of stress incontinence . Women who did not report symptoms of stress incontinence and who chose to undergo sacrocolpopexy to treat prolapse were randomly assigned to concomitant Burch colposuspension or to no Burch colposuspension -LRB- control -RRB- and were evaluated in a blinded fashion three months after the surgery . The primary outcomes included measures of stress incontinence -LRB- symptoms , stress testing , or treatment -RRB- and measures of urge symptoms . Enrollment was stopped after the first interim analysis because of a significantly lower frequency of stress incontinence in the group that underwent the Burch colposuspension . Of 322 women who underwent randomization , 157 were assigned to Burch colposuspension and 165 to the control group . Three months after surgery , 33.6 percent of the women in the Burch group and 57.4 percent of the controls met one or more of the criteria for stress incontinence -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- -LSB- Corrected -RSB- . There was no significant difference between the Burch group and the control group in the frequency of urge incontinence -LRB- 32.7 percent vs. 38.4 percent , P = 0.48 -RRB- . In women without stress incontinence who are undergoing abdominal sacrocolpopexy for prolapse , Burch colposuspension significantly reduced postoperative symptoms of stress incontinence without increasing other lower urinary tract symptoms . To identify and synthesise studies of diagnostic processes of urinary incontinence and to construct an economic model to examine the cost-effectiveness of simple , commonly used primary care tests . The electronic databases MEDLINE -LRB- 1966 -- 2002 -RRB- , CINAHL -LRB- 1982 -- 2002 -RRB- and EMBASE -LRB- 1980 -- 2002 -RRB- . Studies were selected and assessed using the Quality Assessment of Diagnostic Studies -LRB- QUADAS -RRB- tool . Studies that reported the results of applying the same diagnostic procedure using the same threshold value -LRB- cut-off -RRB- were pooled using a random effects meta-analysis model to produce pooled estimates of sensitivity , specificity and diagnostic odds ratio together with 95 % confidence intervals . In total , 6009 papers were identified from the literature search , of which 129 were deemed relevant for inclusion in the review , and these papers compared two or more diagnostic techniques . The gold-standard diagnostic test for urinary incontinence with which each reference test was compared was multichannel urodynamics . In general , reporting in the primary studies was poor ; there was a lack of literature in the key clinical areas and minimal literature dealing with diagnosis in men . Only a limited number of studies could be combined or synthesised , providing the following results when compared with multichannel urodynamics . A clinical history for diagnosing urodynamic stress incontinence -LRB- USI -RRB- in women was found to have a sensitivity of 0.92 and specificity of 0.56 and for detrusor overactivity -LRB- DO -RRB- a sensitivity of 0.61 and specificity of 0.87 . For validated scales , question 3 of the Urogenital Distress Inventory was found to have a sensitivity of 0.88 and specificity of 0.60 . Seven studies compared a pad test with multichannel urodynamics ; however , four different pad tests were studied and therefore it was difficult to draw any conclusions about diagnostic accuracy . Of the four studies comparing urinary diary with multichannel urodynamics , only one presented data in a format that allowed sensitivity and specificity to be calculated . Their reported values of 0.88 and 0.83 suggest that a urinary diary may be effective in the diagnosis of DO in women . Examination of the incremental cost-effectiveness of three primary care tests used in addition to history found that the diary had the lowest cost-effectiveness ratio of between pound 35 and pound 77 per extra unit of effectiveness -LRB- or case diagnosed -RRB- . Imaging by ultrasound to determine leakage was found to be effective in the diagnosis of USI in women , with a sensitivity of 0.94 and specificity of 0.83 . This is the first systematic review of methods for diagnosing urinary incontinence . As reporting of the primary studies was poor , clinical interpretation was often difficult because few studies could be synthesised and conclusions made . The report found that a large proportion of women with USI can be correctly diagnosed in primary care from clinical history alone . On the basis of diagnosis the diary appears to be the most cost-effective of the three primary care tests -LRB- diary , pad test and validated scales -RRB- used in addition to clinical history . Ultrasound imaging may offer a valuable alternative to urodynamic investigation . The clinical stress test is effective in the diagnosis of USI . Adaptation of such a test so that it could be performed in primary care with a naturally filled bladder may prove clinically useful . If a patient is to undergo an invasive urodynamic procedure , multichannel urodynamics is likely to give the most accurate result in a secondary care setting . There is a dearth of literature on the diagnosis of urinary incontinence in men , with no studies meeting the study criteria for data extraction in the diagnosis of bladder outlet obstruction . There is a need for large-scale , high-quality primary studies evaluating the use of a number of diagnostic methods in a primary care setting to be undertaken so that the results of this systematic review can be verified or not . Such studies should include not only an assessment of clinical effectiveness , in this case diagnostic accuracy , but also an assessment of costs and quality of life/satisfaction to inform future health policy decisions . Studies carried out should be reported to a better standard . The recommendations of the Standards for Reporting Diagnostic Accuracy -LRB- STARD -RRB- initiative should be followed to ensure the accuracy and
Considerable disagreement exists among researchers with regard to the prevalence , pathophysiology , and treatment of `` pusher behavior '' -LRB- PB -RRB- , partly because of different testing procedures . This study was primarily aimed at establishing cutoff scores for and the construct validity of the Scale for Contraversive Pushing -LRB- SCP -RRB- . The prevalence of PB in people with right - and left-brain lesions also was investigated . The study subjects were 105 consecutive patients with recent stroke . Two methods were used to diagnose PB : clinical examination and SCP score with 3 different cutoff points -- an SCP total score of greater than 0 -LRB- Crit _ 1 -RRB- , subscores in each section of the scale of greater than 0 -LRB- Crit _ 2 -RRB- , and subscores in each section of the scale of > or = 1 -LRB- Crit _ 3 -RRB- . Clinical and SCP diagnoses were independently made by different examiners . The Cohen kappa coefficient was used to determine the agreement between clinical and SCP diagnoses . The construct validity of the SCP was estimated by calculation of Spearman rank correlation coefficients for SCP and balance , mobility , and functional scores . The agreement between clinical and SCP diagnoses was low -LRB- kappa = .212 -RRB- when Crit _ 1 was used . Crit _ 2 led to the highest agreement with the clinical diagnosis -LRB- kappa = .933 -RRB- . However , only Crit _ 3 , although globally less accurate -LRB- kappa = .754 -RRB- , ensured no false-positive results . The construct validity of the SCP was demonstrated by significant -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- moderate to high correlations with mobility -LRB- rho = .595 -RRB- , functional -LRB- rho = .632 -RRB- , and balance -LRB- rho = .666 -RRB- scores . The prevalence of PB was not influenced by the side of the lesion . A limitation of the study was that the reliability of the clinical examination method was not investigated . The results support the validity of the SCP and suggest the need to choose different SCP cutoff criteria -LRB- Crit _ 2 or Crit _ 3 -RRB- according to the aim of the evaluation . Internal models serve sensory processing , sensorimotor integration and motor control . They could be a way to construct and update a sense of verticality , by combining vestibular and somatosensory graviception . We tested this hypothesis by investigating self-orientation relative to gravity in 39 normal subjects and in subjects with various somatosensory losses showing either a complete deafferentation of trunk and lower limbs -LRB- 14 paraplegic patients after complete traumatic spinal cord injury -RRB- or a gradient in the degree of a hemibody sensory loss -LRB- 23 hemiplegic patients after stroke -RRB- . We asked subjects to estimate , in the dark , the direction of the Earth vertical in two postural conditions-upright and at lateral whole body tilt . For upright conditions , verticality estimates were not different from the direction of the Earth vertical in normal -LRB- 0.24 ° ± 1 ; P = 0.42 -RRB- and paraplegic subjects -LRB- 0.87 ° ± 0.9 ; P = 0.14 -RRB- . The within-subject variability was much greater in hemiplegic than in normal subjects -LRB- 2.05 ° ± 1.15 versus 1.06 ° ± 0.4 ; P < 0.01 -RRB- and greater in paraplegic than in normal subjects -LRB- 1.13 ° ± 0.4 versus 0.72 ° ± 0.4 ; P < 0.01 -RRB- . These findings indicate that , even if vestibular graviception is intact , somaesthetic graviception contributes to the sense of verticality , leading to a more robust judgement about the direction of verticality when vestibular and somaesthetic graviception yield congruent information . As expected , when normal subjects were tilted , their verticality estimates were biased in the direction of the body tilt -LRB- 5.55 ° ± 3.9 -RRB- . This incongruence did not exist in deafferented paraplegics who exclusively used vestibular graviception with a similar efficacy no matter what the lateral body position . The Aubert effect was not an on-off phenomenon since the degree of hemiplegics ' somatosensory loss correlated with the modulation of verticality perception when they were tilted to the side of hypoaesthetic hemibody -LRB- r = -0.55 ; P < 0.01 -RRB- . The analysis of anatomical correlates showed that the Aubert effect required the integrity of the posterolateral thalamus . This study reveals the existence of a synthesis of vestibular and somaesthetic graviception for which the posterolateral thalamus plays a major role . This corresponds to a primary property of internal models and yields the neural bases of the Aubert effect . We conclude that humans construct and update internal models of verticality in which somatosensory information plays an important role . 1 . We have studied the effects of changes in posture on the motor response to galvanic vestibular stimulation -LRB- GVS -RRB- . The purpose of the experiments was to investigate whether the function of the GVS-evoked response is to stabilize the body or the head in space . Subjects faced forwards with eyes closed standing with various stance widths and sitting . In all cases the GVS-evoked response consisted of a sway of the body towards the anodal ear . 2 . In the first set of experiments the response was measured from changes in -LRB- i -RRB- electromyographic activity of hip and ankle muscles , -LRB- ii -RRB- the lateral ground reaction force , and -LRB- iii -RRB- lateral motion of the body at the level of the neck -LRB- C7 -RRB- . For all measurements the response became smaller as the feet were placed further apart . 3 . In the second set of experiments we measured the GVS-evoked tilts of the head , torso and pelvis . The basic response consisted of a tilt in space -LRB- anodal ear down -RRB- of all three segments . The head tilted more
Choice and intensity of early -LRB- first 48 h -RRB- sedation may affect short - and long-term outcome . To investigate the relationships between early sedation and time to extubation , delirium , and hospital and 180-day mortality among ventilated critically ill patients in the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- . Multicenter -LRB- 25 Australia and New Zealand hospitals -RRB- prospective longitudinal -LRB- ICU admission to 28 d -RRB- cohort study of medical/surgical patients ventilated and sedated 24 hours or more . We assessed administration of sedative agents , ventilation time , sedation depth using Richmond Agitation Sedation Scale -LRB- RASS , four hourly -RRB- , delirium -LRB- daily -RRB- , and hospital and 180-day mortality . We used multivariable Cox regression to quantify relationships between early deep sedation -LRB- RASS , -3 to -5 -RRB- and patients ' outcomes . We studied 251 patients -LRB- mean age , 61.7 ± 15.9 yr ; mean Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation -LSB- APACHE -RSB- II score , 20.8 ± 7.8 -RRB- , with 21.1 % -LRB- 53 -RRB- hospital and 25.8 % -LRB- 64 -RRB- 180-day mortality . Over 2,678 study days , we completed 14,736 RASS assessments . Deep sedation occurred in 191 -LRB- 76.1 % -RRB- patients within 4 hours of commencing ventilation and in 171 -LRB- 68 % -RRB- patients at 48 hours . Delirium occurred in 111 -LRB- 50.7 % -RRB- patients with median -LRB- interquartile range -RRB- duration of 2 -LRB- 1-4 -RRB- days . After adjusting for diagnosis , age , sex , APACHE II , operative , elective , hospital type , early use of vasopressors , and dialysis , early deep sedation was an independent predictor of time to extubation -LRB- hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- , 0.90 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 0.87-0.94 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- , hospital death -LRB- HR , 1.11 ; 95 % CI , 1.02-1.20 ; P = 0.01 -RRB- , and 180-day mortality -LRB- HR , 1.08 ; 95 % CI , 1.01-1.16 ; P = 0.026 -RRB- but not delirium occurring after 48 hours -LRB- P = 0.19 -RRB- . Early sedation depth independently predicts delayed extubation and increased mortality , making it a potential target for interventional studies . In the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- , delirium is a common yet underdiagnosed form of organ dysfunction , and its contribution to patient outcomes is unclear . To determine if delirium is an independent predictor of clinical outcomes , including 6-month mortality and length of stay among ICU patients receiving mechanical ventilation . Prospective cohort study enrolling 275 consecutive mechanically ventilated patients admitted to adult medical and coronary ICUs of a US university-based medical center between February 2000 and May 2001 . Patients were followed up for development of delirium over 2158 ICU days using the Confusion Assessment Method for the ICU and the Richmond Agitation-Sedation Scale . Primary outcomes included 6-month mortality , overall hospital length of stay , and length of stay in the post-ICU period . Secondary outcomes were ventilator-free days and cognitive impairment at hospital discharge . Of 275 patients , 51 -LRB- 18.5 % -RRB- had persistent coma and died in the hospital . Among the remaining 224 patients , 183 -LRB- 81.7 % -RRB- developed delirium at some point during the ICU stay . Baseline demographics including age , comorbidity scores , dementia scores , activities of daily living , severity of illness , and admission diagnoses were similar between those with and without delirium -LRB- P > .05 for all -RRB- . Patients who developed delirium had higher 6-month mortality rates -LRB- 34 % vs 15 % , P = .03 -RRB- and spent 10 days longer in the hospital than those who never developed delirium -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . After adjusting for covariates -LRB- including age , severity of illness , comorbid conditions , coma , and use of sedatives or analgesic medications -RRB- , delirium was independently associated with higher 6-month mortality -LRB- adjusted hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- , 3.2 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 1.4-7.7 ; P = .008 -RRB- , and longer hospital stay -LRB- adjusted HR , 2.0 ; 95 % CI , 1.4-3.0 ; P < .001 -RRB- . Delirium in the ICU was also independently associated with a longer post-ICU stay -LRB- adjusted HR , 1.6 ; 95 % CI , 1.2-2.3 ; P = .009 -RRB- , fewer median days alive and without mechanical ventilation -LRB- 19 -LSB- interquartile range , 4-23 -RSB- vs 24 -LSB- 19-26 -RSB- ; adjusted P = .03 -RRB- , and a higher incidence of cognitive impairment at hospital discharge -LRB- adjusted HR , 9.1 ; 95 % CI , 2.3-35.3 ; P = .002 -RRB- . Delirium was an independent predictor of higher 6-month mortality and longer hospital stay even after adjusting for relevant covariates including coma , sedatives , and analgesics in patients receiving mechanical ventilation . Intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- delirium is associated with ventilator , ICU , and hospital days ; discharge functional status ; and mortality . Whether rapidly reversible , sedation-related delirium -LRB- delirium that abates shortly after sedative interruption -RRB- occurs with the same frequency and portends the same prognosis as persistent delirium -LRB- delirium that persists despite a short period of sedative interruption -RRB- is unknown . To compare rapidly reversible , sedation-related delirium and persistent delirium . This was a prospective cohort study of 102 adult , intubated medical ICU subjects in a tertiary care teaching hospital . Confusion Assessment Method for the ICU evaluation was performed before and after daily interruption of continuous sedation -LRB- DIS -RRB- . Investigators were blinded to each other 's assessments and as to whether evaluations were before or after DIS . The primary outcome was proportion of days with no delirium versus rapidly reversible , sedation-related delirium versus persistent delirium .
The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of upper gastrointestinal symptoms -LRB- UGIS -RRB- in a general population and quantify the relationship of those symptoms to healthcare utilization and quality of life . In-person interviews were conducted with 2056 United States and Canadian residents selected at random . Subjects reported frequency and severity for 11 symptoms , prescription and over-the-counter medication use , primary care and specialty physician visits in prior three months , and completed the Psychological General Well-Being Scale . For analyses , subjects were classified into four mutually exclusive symptom groups : gastroesophageal reflux disease -LRB- GERD -RRB- - like , GERD plus motility-like -LRB- GERD + -RRB- , ulcerlike , and motility-like . Of the total sample , 51.4 % reported the occurrence of at least one UGIS in the prior three months . Subjects in the GERD + and ulcer groups used more prescription medications and were more likely to see a physician about the symptoms -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Subjects with symptoms demonstrated poorer quality of life compared to subjects with no symptoms . The prevalence of UGIS in the general population is high and symptoms are associated with significant health-care utilization and poorer quality of life . It remains controversial as to whether delayed gastric emptying in functional dyspepsia is associated with a specific symptom pattern , and it is unknown if gastric emptying in functional dyspepsia is a driver of impaired health related quality of life -LRB- HRQOL -RRB- . We aimed to evaluate the relationship between functional dyspepsia symptoms , gastric emptying , and HRQOL . US patients -LRB- n = 864 ; mean age 44 years -LRB- range 18-82 -RRB- ; 74 % female -RRB- with functional dyspepsia , as defined by Rome II criteria , were enrolled into one of four clinical trials . All patients had a baseline scintigraphic assessment of gastric emptying of an egg substitute meal , and the trials were stratified on this assessment . Delayed gastric emptying was defined as having at least 6.3 % residual volume at four hours . A total of 290 -LRB- 34 % -RRB- patients had delayed gastric emptying . HRQOL was assessed by the SF 36 and Nepean dyspepsia index -LRB- NDI -RRB- . Postprandial fullness was independently associated with delayed gastric emptying but the association was weak -LRB- odds ratio -LRB- OR -RRB- 1.98 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- 1.02 , 3.86 -RRB- ; p = 0.04 -RRB- . No independent association was seen with epigastric pain , early satiety , nausea , or bloating . Mean SF 36 physical composite score -LRB- PCS -RRB- was 42.3 -LRB- 95 % CI 41.6 , 43.0 -RRB- and the mean SF 36 mental composite score -LRB- MCS -RRB- was 46.8 -LRB- 95 % CI 46.0 , 47.5 -RRB- ; both mean scores were significantly lower than age and sex adjusted national norms of 50 -LRB- p < .0001 -RRB- . Female sex , epigastric pain , and nausea , but not gastric emptying , were associated with an impaired score on the NDI . However , the magnitude of the significant associations were all small . In patients with functional dyspepsia selected for a clinical trial programme , gastric emptying did not usefully stratify them symptomatically . Quality of life of patients with functional dyspepsia enrolled in this clinical trial programme was significantly impaired but this was not explained by delayed gastric emptying . Macrolide antibiotics are known to have a different proarrhythmic potential in the presence of comparable QT prolongation in the surface ECG . Because the extent of QT prolongation has been used as a surrogate marker for cardiotoxicity , we aimed to study the different electrophysiological effects of the macrolide antibiotics erythromycin , clarithromycin , and azithromycin in a previously developed experimental model of proarrhythmia . In 37 Langendorff-perfused rabbit hearts , erythromycin -LRB- 150-300 microM , n = 13 -RRB- clarithromycin -LRB- 150-300 microM , n = 13 -RRB- , and azithromycin -LRB- 150-300 microM , n = 11 -RRB- led to similar increases in QT interval and monophasic action potential -LRB- MAP -RRB- duration . In bradycardic -LRB- atrioventricular-blocked -RRB- hearts , eight simultaneously recorded epi - and endocardial MAPs demonstrated increased dispersion of repolarization in the presence of all three antibiotics . Erythromycin and clarithromycin led to early afterdepolarizations -LRB- EADs -RRB- and torsade de pointes -LRB- TdP -RRB- after lowering of potassium concentration . In the presence of azithromycin , no EAD or TdP occurred . Erythromycin and clarithromycin changed the MAP configuration to a triangular pattern , whereas azithromycin caused a rectangular pattern of MAP prolongation . In 13 additional hearts , 150 microM azithromycin was administered after previous treatment with 300 microM erythromycin and suppressed TdP provoked by erythromycin . In conclusion , macrolide antibiotics lead to similar prolongation of repolarization but show a different proarrhythmic potential -LRB- erythromycin > clarithromycin > azithromycin -RRB- . In the presence of azithromycin , neither EAD nor TdP occur . This effect may be related to a rectangular pattern of action potential prolongation , whereas erythromycin and clarithromycin cause triangular action potential prolongation and induce TdP . Previous work suggested that a breath test using 13C accurately measures gastric emptying of solids . Thus , breath test half emptying time -LRB- t1/2 -RRB- minus 66 minutes was claimed to estimate accurately t1/2 by scintigraphy . The aim of this study was to evaluate the accuracy and reproducibility of this breath test in healthy subjects . Fifteen volunteers -LRB- 8 men and 7 women ; mean age , 41 + / - 13 years -RRB- underwent simultaneous scintigraphy and -LSB- 13C -RSB- octanoic acid breath test . Scans and breath samples were obtained every 15 minutes for 4 and 6 hours , respectively . The breath test was repeated three times within a 3-week period . Parameters from scintigraphy and breath test were not correlated significantly
The literature on resident performance and sleep deprivation is reviewed . It is suggested that despite the urgent need for definitive work in the area , current research is sparse and inconclusive . It also is suggested that the research that does exist implies there are potentially severe negative effects from sleep deprivation on physicians-in-training . The present authors believe that justifications for sleep-depriving night call schedules remain untested and that the presence of sleep-depriving night call as part of residency training should be reevaluated . Night-float rotations were designed to alleviate the workload of residents on night call and thereby improve patient safety . However , the impact of the night float on residents is yet to be surveyed . We assessed the impact of the night-float rotation on pediatric residents using an anonymous questionnaire that covered topics , based on recall , about sleep , mood , alertness , adjustment , and others . The study was conducted in a major tertiary pediatric teaching hospital in the United States . Participants were pediatric residents who had completed one or two night-float rotations and were in active training at our teaching hospital at the time of the study . Fifty-two of 60 eligible residents -LRB- 87 % -RRB- responded . Sleep duration during the night-float rotation was shorter than during day-shift work in 24 residents -LRB- 46 % -RRB- , longer in 20 -LRB- 38 % -RRB- , and unchanged in eight -LRB- 15 % -RRB- . A higher proportion of residents took longer to fall asleep , had more difficulty falling asleep , had more sleep interruptions , and felt less rested upon awakening . Twenty-four residents -LRB- 46 % -RRB- felt that their bodies never adjusted to the night shift . Also , 22 residents -LRB- 43 % -RRB- felt moody or depressed in contrast to seven -LRB- 14 % -RRB- who felt depressed during the daytime rotation -LRB- p = 0.0001 -RRB- . Twenty-one residents -LRB- 41 % -RRB- felt they were slower in their thinking during the night float than daytime rotations . The results suggest that disturbances of sleep and mood and decreased alertness , typical of night shift , are present in the night-float rotation . Residency programs should monitor closely the impact of the night-float rotation on resident well being and patient safety . The impact of night-shift work should be considered in the design of night-float schedules , and teaching should be provided for residents to learn coping strategies for night-shift work . OBJECTIVE Many neurosurgical training programs have moved from a 24-hour resident call system to a night float system , but the impact on outcomes is unclear . Here , the authors compare length of stay -LRB- LOS -RRB- for neurosurgical patients admitted before and after initiation of a night float system at a tertiary care training hospital . METHODS The neurosurgical residency at the University of Alabama at Birmingham transitioned from 24-hour call to a night float resident coverage system in July 2013 . In this cohort study , all patients admitted to the neurosurgical service for 1 year before and 1 year after this transition were compared with respect to hospital and ICU LOSs , adjusted for potential confounders . RESULTS A total of 4619 patients were included . In the initial bivariate analysis , night float was associated with increased ICU LOS -LRB- p = 0.032 -RRB- and no change in overall LOS -LRB- p = 0.65 -RRB- . However , coincident with the transition to a night float system was an increased frequency of resident service transitions , which were highly associated with hospital LOS -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- and ICU LOS -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- . CONCLUSIONS This study suggests that a dedicated night float resident may improve night-to-night continuity of care and decrease hospital LOS , but caution must be exercised when initiation of night float results in increased resident service transitions . Residency programs utilize night float systems to adhere to duty hour restrictions ; however , the influence of night float on resident sleep has not been described . The study aim was to determine the influence of night float on resident sleep patterns and quality of sleep . We hypothesized that total sleep time decreases during night float , increases as residents acclimate to night shift work , and returns to baseline during recovery . This was a single-center observational study of 30 anesthesia residents scheduled to complete six consecutive night float shifts . Electroencephalography sleep patterns were recorded during baseline -LRB- three nights -RRB- , night float -LRB- six nights -RRB- , and recovery -LRB- three nights -RRB- using the ZMachine Insight monitor -LRB- General Sleep Corporation , USA -RRB- . Total sleep time ; light , deep , and rapid eye movement sleep ; sleep efficiency ; latency to persistent sleep ; and wake after sleep onset were observed . Mean total sleep time ± SD was 5.9 ± 1.9 h -LRB- 3.0 ± 1.2.1 h light ; 1.4 ± 0.6 h deep ; 1.6 ± 0.7 h rapid eye movement -RRB- at baseline . During night float , mean total sleep time was 4.5 ± 1.8 h -LRB- 1.4-h decrease , 95 % CI : 0.9 to 1.9 , Cohen 's d = -1.1 , P < 0.001 -RRB- with decreases in light -LRB- 2.2 ± 1.1 h , 0.7-h decrease , 95 % CI : 0.4 to 1.1 , d = -1.0 , P < 0.001 -RRB- , deep -LRB- 1.1 ± 0.7 h , 0.3-h decrease , 95 % CI : 0.1 to 0.4 , d = -0.5 , P = 0.005 -RRB- , and rapid eye movement sleep -LRB- 1.2 ± 0.6 h , 0.4-h decrease , 95 % CI : 0.3 to 0.6 , d = -0.9 , P < 0.001 -RRB- . Mean total sleep time during recovery was 5.4 ± 2.2 h , which did not differ significantly from
Blood must be viewed as a scarce resource that carries risks and benefits . A careful review of available evidence can provide guidelines to allocate this valuable resource and improve patient outcomes . Conventional methods identified the level of evidence available for each of the blood conservation interventions . Review of published reports identified a high-risk profile associated with increased postoperative blood transfusion . Six variables stand out as important indicators of risk : -LRB- 1 -RRB- advanced age , -LRB- 2 -RRB- low preoperative red blood cell volume -LRB- preoperative anemia or small body size -RRB- , -LRB- 3 -RRB- preoperative antiplatelet or antithrombotic drugs , -LRB- 4 -RRB- reoperative or complex procedures , -LRB- 5 -RRB- emergency operations , and -LRB- 6 -RRB- noncardiac patient comorbidities . Careful review revealed preoperative and perioperative interventions that are likely to reduce bleeding and postoperative blood transfusion . Preoperative interventions that are likely to reduce blood transfusion include identification of high-risk patients who should receive all available preoperative and perioperative blood conservation interventions and limitation of antithrombotic drugs . Perioperative blood conservation interventions include use of antifibrinolytic drugs , selective use of off-pump coronary artery bypass graft surgery , routine use of a cell-saving device , and implementation of appropriate transfusion indications . An important intervention is application of a multimodality blood conservation program that is institution based , accepted by all health care providers , and that involves well thought out transfusion algorithms to guide transfusion decisions . Based on available evidence , institution-specific protocols should screen for high-risk patients , as blood conservation interventions are likely to be most productive for this high-risk subset . Available evidence-based blood conservation techniques include -LRB- 1 -RRB- drugs that increase preoperative blood volume -LRB- eg , erythropoietin -RRB- or decrease postoperative bleeding -LRB- eg , antifibrinolytics -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- devices that conserve blood -LRB- eg , intraoperative blood salvage and blood sparing interventions -RRB- , -LRB- 3 -RRB- interventions that protect the patient 's own blood from the stress of operation -LRB- eg , autologous predonation and normovolemic hemodilution -RRB- , -LRB- 4 -RRB- consensus , institution-specific blood transfusion algorithms supplemented with point-of-care testing , and most importantly , -LRB- 5 -RRB- a multimodality approach to blood conservation combining all of the above .
Diabetes is a chronic disease that affects as many as 382 million people in the world . Diabetes management is a challenging daily task which can be overwhelming and lead to depression . Both diabetes and co-morbid depression have a negative bidirectional influence on each other , which is detrimental for the individual 's quality of life . This co-morbidity places a huge burden on the individual , family , health care system , and the economy , with an associated 50-75 % increase in health care costs . Data extraction of vital information from included studies was conducted and the effect sizes were calculated for the outcomes . Ten interventional primary studies were retrieved from the search ; six were randomised studies . Nine out of ten studies reported that psychosocial interventions were effective for depression with effect sizes ranging from small -LRB- -0.24 -RRB- to large -LRB- -1.74 -RRB- . No effect was found for the glycaemic control outcome . The interventions came in a myriad of intervention type , delivery method , duration , and intensity , therefore a meta-analysis was not conducted . The review found that nurses were competent in delivering psychosocial interventions for this population . Methodological quality was below average amongst the study with various biases present . The results and effect sizes were promising but due to the high number of bias risks , it can not be determined if psychosocial interventions were found to be effective in people with diabetes and co-morbid depression . Psychosocial interventions have the potential to make improvements in depression , alleviating the global burden on people with diabetes , keeping in mind the best intervention modality tailoring to the client 's needs and preferences . Nurses and other health professionals involved in caring for this group are in a good stead to carry out these interventions . The Internet presents a widely accessible , 24-h means to promote chronic disease management . The objective of this review is to identify studies that used Internet based interventions to promote lifestyle modification among adults with type 2 diabetes . We searched PubMed using the terms : -LSB- internet , computer , phone , smartphone , mhealth , mobile health , web based , telehealth , social media , text messages -RSB- combined with -LSB- diabetes management and diabetes control -RSB- through January 2013 . Studies were included if they described an Internet intervention , targeted adults with type 2 diabetes , focused on lifestyle modification , and included an evaluation component with behavioral outcomes . Of the 2803 papers identified , nine met inclusion criteria . Two studies demonstrated improvements in diet and/or physical activity and two studies demonstrated improvements in glycemic control comparing web-based intervention with control . Successful studies were theory-based , included interactive components with tracking and personalized feedback , and provided opportunities for peer support . Website utilization declined over time in all studies that reported on it . Few studies focused on high risk , underserved populations . Web-based strategies provide a viable option for facilitating diabetes self-management . Future research is needed on the use of web-based interventions in underserved communities and studies examining website utilization patterns and engagement over time .
Four studies assessed pharmacokinetics , 1 study in healthy subjects assessed pharmacodynamics -LRB- sleep parameters , particularly rapid eye movement -LSB- REM -RSB- , as a measure of central nervous system -LSB- CNS -RSB- penetration and activity -RRB- , and all studies assessed safety . Participants received single doses or multiple twice-daily doses of alicapistat for up to 14 days . Maximum alicapistat plasma concentrations were reached in 2 to 5 hours ; half-life was 7 to 12 hours postdose . Alicapistat exposure was dose proportional in the alicapistat 50 - to 1000-mg dose range . Exposure of the alicapistat R , S diastereomer was approximately 2-fold greater than exposure of the R , R diastereomer in healthy young and elderly subjects and patients with AD . Across all trials , the incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events was similar in the placebo and alicapistat groups . There were no clinically significant changes in vital signs and laboratory measurements . The lack of an effect of alicapistat on sleep suggests that concentrations in the CNS were inadequate or that preclinical studies do not predict alicapistat effects in humans .
Deep insertion of an enteroscope by use of a push technique is difficult . A new method of enteroscopy was developed , a double-balloon method , to improve the access to the small intestine . The new method uses 2 balloons , one attached to the tip of the endoscope and another at the distal end of an overtube . By using these balloons to grip the intestinal wall , the endoscope can be inserted further without forming redundant loops in the small intestine . This method was tried with a standard upper endoscope in 3 patients and with a longer enteroscope in 1 patient . Despite its short length the upper endoscope was successfully inserted as far as 30 to 50 cm beyond the ligament of Treitz in the 3 patients . In the fourth patient the longer enteroscope was successfully inserted beyond the ileo-cecal valve . The double-balloon method facilitates endoscopic access to the small intestine . A specialized system for a new method for enteroscopy , the double-balloon method , was developed . The aim of this study was to evaluate the usefulness of this endoscopic system for small-intestinal disorders . The double-balloon endoscopy system was used to perform 178 enteroscopies -LRB- 89 by the anterograde approach and 89 by the retrograde approach -RRB- in 123 patients . The system was assessed on the basis of the rates of success in jejunal and ileal insertion and the entire examination of the small intestine , diagnostic yields , ability to perform treatment , and complications . Insertion of the endoscope beyond the ligament of Treitz or ileocecal valve was possible in all 178 procedures . It was possible to observe approximately one half to two thirds of the entire small intestine by each approach , and observation of the entire small intestine was possible in 24 -LRB- 86 % -RRB- of 28 trials . The source of bleeding was identified in 50 -LRB- 76 % -RRB- of 66 patients with GI bleeding , scrutiny of strictures was possible in 23 patients , and a tumor was examined endoscopically in 17 patients . Two complications -LRB- 1.1 % -RRB- occurred . Endoscopic therapies in the small intestine including hemostasis -LRB- 12 cases -RRB- , polypectomy -LRB- 1 case -RRB- , endoscopic mucosal resection -LRB- 1 case -RRB- , balloon dilation -LRB- 6 cases -RRB- , and stent placement -LRB- 2 cases -RRB- were performed successfully . Double-balloon endoscopy permits the exploration of the small intestine with a high success rate of total enteroscopy . The procedure is safe and useful , and it provides high diagnostic yields and therapeutic capabilities . Double-balloon enteroscopy -LRB- DBE -RRB- is a useful and epoch-making technique for small-bowel diseases . The single-balloon enteroscope -LRB- SBE -RRB- is a new instrument introduced by Olympus . To evaluate a prototype of the SBE . A prospective case series . Kyoto Second Red Cross Hospital , between April 2006 and July 2007 . We used the SBE system to perform 37 enteroscopic examinations on 27 patients , including 22 oral and 15 anal approaches . The rate of whole small-bowel visualization , mean time necessary for the investigation , discovery rate of lesions , and complications . We observed the entire small intestine in 1 of 8 cases -LRB- 12.5 % -RRB- that we examined . The mean -LRB- + / - SD -RRB- time necessary for the oral approach was 83 + / - 38 minutes and that for the anal approach was 90 + / - 32 minutes . The preparation time was less than 5 minutes in both approaches . Small-intestinal lesions were detected in 11 of the 27 patients -LRB- 40.7 % -RRB- . Perforation occurred in one case as a complication , but the injury healed without surgical intervention . This was a single-center study . Use of the SBE system in the endoscopic study of the small intestine makes it possible to observe the entire small intestine and to diagnose lesions ; thus , the SBE system is a useful instrument for small-bowel diseases . However , the rate of whole small-bowel visualization was inferior to the DBE system . This is one of a series of documents prepared by the ASGE Training Committee . This curriculum document contains recommendations for training , intended for use by endoscopy training directors , endoscopists involved in teaching endoscopy , and trainees in endoscopy . It was developed as an overview of techniques currently favored for the performance and training of small-bowel endoscopy and to serve as a guide to published references , videotapes , and other resources available to the trainer . Performance parameters for double-balloon enteroscopy -LRB- DBE -RRB- have not been described . Prospective cohort study . Six U.S. tertiary centers . A total of 188 subjects undergoing 237 DBE procedures ; 130 -LRB- 69 % -RRB- with obscure GI bleeding . Performance parameters from each center 's initial 10 cases were compared to the subsequent examinations . Exam duration , depth of insertion , and findings on DBE examination . DBE was introduced by mouth in 149 -LRB- 63 % -RRB- cases , by rectum in 77 -LRB- 33 % -RRB- cases , and through a stoma in 6 -LRB- 2.5 % -RRB- patients . The mean -LRB- + / - SD -RRB- duration was 109.1 + / - 44.6 minutes for the first 10 cases and 92.4 + / - 37.6 minutes for subsequent cases -LRB- P = .005 -RRB- but did not change for rectal DBE procedures . There was no change in mean depth of insertion , but the mean fluoroscopy time declined significantly -LRB- P = .025 -RRB- . Diagnostic or therapeutic maneuvers were performed in 64 % of cases ; DBE led to a diagnosis in 81 -LRB- 43 % -RRB- patients . A total of 78 % of patients had prior capsule endoscopy -LRB- CE -RRB- with significant agreement between DBE and CE
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis -LRB- ALS -RRB- is a fatal neurodegenerative disease associated with motor neuron degeneration , muscle atrophy and paralysis . Although numerous pathological mechanisms have been elucidated , ALS remains an invariably fatal disease in the absence of any effective therapy . The heterogeneity of the disease and the failure to develop satisfactory therapeutic protocols reinforce the view that ALS is a multi-factorial and multi-systemic disease . Thus , a better understanding of the pathogenic mechanisms and study of the potential pathological relationship between the various cellular processes is required to ensure efficacious therapy . The pathogenic mechanisms associated with ALS are reviewed , and the strengths and limitations of some new therapeutic approaches are discussed . Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis -LRB- ALS -RRB- is a progressive and uniformly fatal neurodegenerative disease . A plethora of genetic factors have been identified that drive the degeneration of motor neurons in ALS , increase susceptibility to the disease or influence the rate of its progression . Emerging themes include dysfunction in RNA metabolism and protein homeostasis , with specific defects in nucleocytoplasmic trafficking , the induction of stress at the endoplasmic reticulum and impaired dynamics of ribonucleoprotein bodies such as RNA granules that assemble through liquid-liquid phase separation . Extraordinary progress in understanding the biology of ALS provides new reasons for optimism that meaningful therapies will be identified . Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis -LRB- ALS -RRB- represents the major adult-onset motor neuron disease . Analyses of ALS animal models have shown that motor neuron death starts with neuromuscular junction -LRB- NMJ -RRB- destruction and distal axonal degeneration . In particular , ALS pathogenesis includes systemic defects such as muscle hypermetabolism , energy deficit , and widespread alterations of lipid metabolism that were shown to participate in motor neuron degeneration . Current research should now focus on understanding the relationships between these pathological hallmarks and how such global defects lead to the ALS-linked selective loss of motor neurons . The antioxidant enzyme superoxide dismutase 1 -LRB- SOD1 -RRB- is a critical player of the antioxidative defense whose activity is altered in several chronic diseases , including amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . However , how oxidative insult affects muscle homeostasis remains unclear . This study addresses the role of oxidative stress on muscle homeostasis and function by the generation of a transgenic mouse model expressing a mutant SOD1 gene -LRB- SOD1 -LRB- G93A -RRB- -RRB- selectively in skeletal muscle . Transgenic mice developed progressive muscle atrophy , associated with a significant reduction in muscle strength , alterations in the contractile apparatus , and mitochondrial dysfunction . The analysis of molecular pathways associated with muscle atrophy revealed that accumulation of oxidative stress served as signaling molecules to initiate autophagy , one of the major intracellular degradation mechanisms . These data demonstrate that skeletal muscle is a primary target of SOD1 -LRB- G93A -RRB- - mediated toxicity and disclose the molecular mechanism whereby oxidative stress triggers muscle atrophy . Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis -LRB- ALS -RRB- is a fatal adult-onset disease primarily characterized by upper and lower motor neuron degeneration , muscle wasting and paralysis . It is increasingly accepted that the pathological process leading to ALS is the result of multiple disease mechanisms that operate within motor neurons and other cell types both inside and outside the central nervous system . The implication of skeletal muscle has been the subject of a number of studies conducted on patients and related animal models . In this review , we describe the features of ALS muscle pathology and discuss on the contribution of muscle to the pathological process . We also give an overview of the therapeutic strategies proposed to alleviate muscle pathology or to deliver curative agents to motor neurons . ALS muscle mainly suffers from oxidative stress , mitochondrial dysfunction and bioenergetic disturbances . However , the way by which the disease affects different types of myofibers depends on their contractile and metabolic features . Although the implication of muscle in nourishing the degenerative process is still debated , there is compelling evidence suggesting that it may play a critical role . Detailed understanding of the muscle pathology in ALS could , therefore , lead to the identification of new therapeutic targets . Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis -LRB- ALS -RRB- is a neurodegenerative disease affecting motor neurons that leads to progressive paralysis of skeletal muscle . Studies of ALS have revealed defects in expression of acetylcholine receptors -LRB- AChRs -RRB- in skeletal muscle that occur even in the absence of motor neuron anomalies . The endocannabinoid palmitoylethanolamide -LRB- PEA -RRB- modified the clinical conditions in one ALS patient , improving muscle force and respiratory efficacy . By microtransplanting muscle membranes from selected ALS patients into Xenopus oocytes , we show that PEA reduces the desensitization of acetylcholine-evoked currents after repetitive neurotransmitter application -LRB- i.e. , rundown -RRB- . The same effect was observed using muscle samples from denervated -LRB- non-ALS -RRB- control patients . The expression of human recombinant α1β1γδ -LRB- γ-AChRs -RRB- and α1β1εδ AChRs -LRB- ε-AChRs -RRB- in Xenopus oocytes revealed that PEA selectively affected the rundown of ACh currents in ε-AChRs . A clear up-regulation of the α1 subunit in muscle from ALS patients compared with that from non-ALS patients was found by quantitative PCR , but no differential expression was found for other subunits . Clinically , ALS patients treated with PEA showed a lower decrease in their forced vital capacity -LRB- FVC -RRB- over time as compared with untreated ALS patients , suggesting that PEA can enhance pulmonary function in ALS . In the present work , data were collected from a cohort of 76 ALS patients and 17 denervated patients . Our results strengthen the evidence for the role of skeletal muscle in ALS pathogenesis and pave the way for the development of new drugs to hamper the clinical effects of the disease . Despite huge improvements in neurobiological approaches for investigating the functional properties of neurotransmitter receptors and ion channels ,
The Akt pathway , an important regulator of cell proliferation and survival , is deregulated in many cancers . The pathway has achieved considerable importance due to the development of kinase inhibitors that are able to successfully reduce tumor growth . This study was conducted to determine the status of the Akt pathway in human breast cancers and to study the relationship between the different component proteins . Expression levels of PTEN , phosphorylated forms of the constituent proteins -LRB- Akt , FKHR , mTOR , and S6 -RRB- and cyclin D1 were evaluated by immunohistochemistry , on consecutive sections from a tissue microarray containing 145 invasive breast cancers and 140 pure ductal carcinomas in-situ . Aberrant expression was correlated statistically with tumor characteristics and disease outcome . The Akt pathway was found to be activated early in breast cancer , in the in-situ stage . In all , 33 , 15 , 32 , and 60 % of ductal carcinoma in-situ showed overexpression of Akt , FKHR , mTOR , and cyclin D1 . PTEN loss did not correlate statistically with expression of AKT or any of the other proteins with the exception of S6 , indicating that Akt activation was not a result of PTEN loss . Expression levels of PTEN and S6 were significantly different in in-situ and invasive cancers , indicating association with disease progression . Loss of PTEN was noted in 11 % of in-situ as compared to 26 % of invasive cancers , while S6 overexpression was seen in 47 % in-situ and in 72 % invasive cancers . High-grade carcinomas were associated with PTEN loss , while low-grade carcinomas with good prognostic features showed cyclin D1 overexpression and were associated with longer disease free survival . Additionally , cancers with mTOR overexpression showed a three times greater risk for disease recurrence . Overall , a large proportion of in-situ and invasive breast cancers overexpressed cyclinD1 and S6 . Our results may have significant implications in the development and application of targeted therapy . Everolimus , a novel proliferation inhibitor and immunosuppressive agent , may suppress cardiac-allograft vasculopathy . We conducted a randomized , double-blind , clinical trial comparing everolimus with azathioprine in recipients of a first heart transplant . A total of 634 patients were randomly assigned to receive 1.5 mg of everolimus per day -LRB- 209 patients -RRB- , 3.0 mg of everolimus per day -LRB- 211 patients -RRB- , or 1.0 to 3.0 mg of azathioprine per kilogram of body weight per day -LRB- 214 patients -RRB- , in combination with cyclosporine , corticosteroids , and statins . The primary efficacy end point was a composite of death , graft loss or retransplantation , loss to follow-up , biopsy-proved acute rejection of grade 3A , or rejection with hemodynamic compromise . At six months , the percentage of patients who had reached the primary efficacy end point was significantly smaller in the group given 3.0 mg of everolimus -LRB- 27.0 percent , P < 0.001 -RRB- and the group given 1.5 mg of everolimus -LRB- 36.4 percent , P = 0.03 -RRB- than in the azathioprine group -LRB- 46.7 percent -RRB- . Intravascular ultrasonography showed that the average increase in maximal intimal thickness 12 months after transplantation was significantly smaller in the two everolimus groups than in the azathioprine group . The rates of cytomegalovirus infection were significantly lower in the 1.5-mg group -LRB- 7.7 percent , P < 0.001 -RRB- and the 3.0-mg group -LRB- 7.6 percent , P < 0.001 -RRB- than in the azathioprine group -LRB- 21.5 percent -RRB- . Rates of bacterial infection were significantly higher in the 3.0-mg group than in the azathioprine group . Serum creatinine levels were also significantly higher in the two everolimus groups than in the azathioprine group . Everolimus was more efficacious than azathioprine in reducing the severity and incidence of cardiac-allograft vasculopathy , suggesting that everolimus therapy may alleviate this serious problem . The cytochrome P450s are responsible for about 75 % of phase I dependent drug metabolism and for the metabolism of a huge amount of dietary constituents and endogenous chemicals . The human has 59 active genes , and 6 of those encode important drug metabolising enzymes . About 40 % of cytochrome P450 dependent drug metabolism is catalysed by polymorphic enzymes and such drug P450 interactions are frequently seen in adverse drug reaction reports . In this contribution an update of human cytochrome P450 enzymology and pharmacogenetics is given with particular emphasis on CYP1B1 , CYP2B6 , CYP2E1 and CYP3As . To use preclinical and clinical pharmacokinetic -LRB- PK -RRB- / pharmacodynamic -LRB- PD -RRB- modeling to predict optimal clinical regimens of everolimus , a novel oral mammalian target of rapamycin -LRB- mTOR -RRB- inhibitor , to carry forward to expanded phase I with tumor biopsy studies in cancer patients . Inhibition of S6 kinase 1 -LRB- S6K1 -RRB- , a molecular marker of mTOR signaling , was selected for PD analysis in peripheral blood mononuclear cells -LRB- PBMCs -RRB- in a phase I clinical trial . PK and PD were measured up to 11 days after the fourth weekly dose . A PK/PD model was used to describe the relationship between everolimus concentrations and S6K1 inhibition in PBMCs of cancer patients and in PBMCs and tumors of everolimus-treated CA20948 pancreatic tumor-bearing rats . Time - and dose-dependent S6K1 inhibition was demonstrated in human PBMCs . In the rat model , a relationship was shown between S6K1 inhibition in tumors or PBMCs and antitumor effect . Comparison of rat and human profiles simulated by the model suggested that a weekly 20 - to 30-mg dose of everolimus would be associated with an antitumor effect in an everolimus-sensitive tumor and that daily administration would exert a greater effect than weekly administration at higher doses . A direct-link PK/PD model predicting the time course of S6K1 inhibition during weekly and daily everolimus administration allowed extrapolation from preclinical studies and
Adolescent depression is a prevalent disorder with substantial morbidity and mortality . Current treatment interventions do not target relevant pathophysiology and are frequently ineffective , thereby leading to a substantial burden for individuals , families , and society . During adolescence , the prefrontal cortex undergoes extensive structural and functional changes . Recent work suggests that frontolimbic development in depressed adolescents is delayed or aberrant . The judicious application of non-invasive brain stimulation techniques to the prefrontal cortex may present a promising opportunity for durable interventions in adolescent depression . Transcranial direct current stimulation -LRB- tDCS -RRB- applies a low-intensity , continuous current that alters cortical excitability . While this modality does not elicit action potentials , it is thought to manipulate neuronal activity and neuroplasticity . Specifically , tDCS may modulate <i> N </i> - methyl-d-aspartate receptors and L-type voltage-gated calcium channels and effect changes through long-term potentiation or long-term depression-like mechanisms . This mini-review considers the neurobiological rationale for developing tDCS protocols in adolescent depression , reviews existing work in adult mood disorders , surveys the existing tDCS literature in adolescent populations , reviews safety studies , and discusses distinct ethical considerations in work with adolescents . Promising results in adult neurologic and psychiatric disorders are driving active research into transcranial brain stimulation techniques , particularly transcranial magnetic stimulation -LRB- TMS -RRB- and transcranial direct current stimulation -LRB- tDCS -RRB- , in childhood and adolescent syndromes . TMS has realistic utility as an experimental tool tested in a range of pediatric neuropathologies such as perinatal stroke , depression , Tourette syndrome , and autism spectrum disorder -LRB- ASD -RRB- . tDCS has also been tested as a treatment for a number of pediatric neurologic conditions , including ASD , attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder , epilepsy , and cerebral palsy . Here , we complement recent reviews with an update of published TMS and tDCS results in children , and discuss developmental neuroscience considerations that should inform pediatric transcranial stimulation . Transcranial direct current stimulation -LRB- tDCS -RRB- is a noninvasive brain stimulation technique that consists of applying a weak electric current over the scalp to modulate cortical excitability . tDCS has been extensively investigated in adults with psychiatric disorders . The aim of this study was to review the current literature regarding the use of tDCS in children and adolescents with psychiatric disorders . We searched MEDLINE and EMBASE databases for studies evaluating the safety and efficacy of tDCS in children and adolescents from age 0 to 18 years with psychiatric disorders . We found six studies that evaluated patients with different psychiatric disorders , with diverse study designs and stimulation parameters , including three small randomized clinical trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- , one evaluating childhood-onset schizophrenia , one RCT with patients with autism spectrum disorders -LRB- ASD -RRB- , and one study in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder -LRB- ADHD -RRB- ; three open-label studies , two evaluating patients with ASD , and one study of feasibility of the technique in children and adolescents with language disorders and diverse psychiatric disorders , including ASD , intellectual disability , and ADHD . The technique was well tolerated , with no reports of serious side effects . Preliminary research suggests that tDCS may be well tolerated and safe for children and adolescents with psychiatric and neurodevelopmental disorders . Nevertheless , because the literature regarding tDCS in child and adolescent psychiatry is scarce and there exist limited numbers of randomized controlled trials , it is not possible to draw definite conclusions . Future studies should investigate the technique with regard to specific psychiatric conditions in comparison with standard treatments . In addition , long-term efficacy and safety should be monitored . Noninvasive brain stimulation -LRB- NIBS -RRB- techniques such as transcranial magnetic stimulation -LRB- TMS -RRB- and transcranial current stimulation -LRB- tCS -RRB- have the potential to mitigate a variety of symptoms associated with neurological and psychiatric conditions , including stroke , cerebral palsy , autism , depression , and Tourette syndrome . While the safety of these modalities has been established in adults , there is a paucity of research assessing the safety of NIBS among children . An electronic search was performed on online databases for studies using NIBS in individuals less than 18 years of age . Non-English publications , diagnostic studies , electroconvulsive therapy , single/dual pulse TMS studies , and reviews were excluded . Adverse events reported in the studies were carefully examined and synthesized to understand the safety and tolerability of NIBS among children and adolescents . The data from 48 studies involving more than 513 children/adolescents -LRB- 2.5-17.8 years of age -RRB- indicate that the side effects of NIBS were , in general , mild and transient -LSB- TMS : headache -LRB- 11.5 % -RRB- , scalp discomfort -LRB- 2.5 % -RRB- , twitching -LRB- 1.2 % -RRB- , mood changes -LRB- 1.2 % -RRB- , fatigue -LRB- 0.9 % -RRB- , tinnitus -LRB- 0.6 % -RRB- ; tCS : tingling -LRB- 11.5 % -RRB- , itching -LRB- 5.8 % -RRB- , redness -LRB- 4.7 % -RRB- , scalp discomfort -LRB- 3.1 % -RRB- -RSB- with relatively few serious adverse events . Our findings indicate that both repetitive TMS and tCS are safe modalities in children and adolescents with various neurological conditions , especially when safety guidelines are followed . The incidence of adverse events appears to be similar to that observed in adults ; however , further studies with longer treatment and follow-up periods are needed to better understand the benefits and tolerance of long-term use of NIBS in children .
Combat casualties undergoing aeromedical evacuation are at increased risk for pressure injuries . The risk factors pressure and shear are potentially modifiable via solutions appropriate for en route care . To compare transcutaneous oxygen levels and skin temperatures in healthy participants under offloaded -LRB- side lying -RRB- and loaded -LRB- supine or supine with 30 ° backrest elevation -RRB- under 4 conditions : control -LRB- no intervention -RRB- , Mepilex sacral and heel dressings , LiquiCell pad , and Mepilex plus LiquiCell . Participants were randomly assigned to 4 groups according to ideal body weight . Backrest positions were randomized . Transcutaneous oxygen level and temperature were measured on the sacrum and the heel ; skin interface pressure was measured with an XSensor pressure imaging system . Peak interface pressures were approximately 43 mm Hg for the sacrum and 50 mm Hg for the heel . Sacral transcutaneous oxygen level differed significantly between unloaded -LRB- mean , 79 mm Hg ; SD , 16.5 -RRB- and loaded -LRB- mean , 57 mm Hg ; SD , 25.2 -RRB- conditions -LRB- <i> P </i> < .001 -RRB- in a flat position -LRB- mean , 85.2 mm Hg ; SD , 13.6 -RRB- and with 30 ° backrest elevation -LRB- mean , 66.7 mm Hg ; SD , 24.2 -RRB- conditions -LRB- <i> P </i> < .001 -RRB- . Results for the heels and the sacrum were similar . Sacral skin temperature increased significantly across time -LRB- approximately 1.0 °C -RRB- . The intervention strategies did not differ in prevention of pressure injuries .
The routine use of staging laparoscopy in patients with radiographically resectable pancreatic and peripancreatic neoplasms remains controversial . We reviewed a prospective database that identified 1,045 patients who underwent staging laparoscopy for radiographically resectable pancreatic or peripancreatic tumors between 1995 and 2005 . Radiographic resectability was determined by review of radiographic reports , surgeons ' notes , and cross-sectional imaging studies . Factors were assessed for their association with the laparoscopic identification of radiographically occult unresectable disease . Recursive partitioning was used to build a decision tree , with laparoscopic identification of unresectable disease as the outcomes , including only patients since 1999 -LRB- modern imaging -RRB- and factors available preoperatively . Unresectable disease was identified laparoscopically in 145 of the 1,045 radiographically resectable patients -LRB- 14 % -RRB- . Factors associated with radiographically occult unresectable disease included the time period of the study , whether imaging was performed at our institution -LRB- internal versus external imaging -RRB- , primary site , histology , weight loss , and jaundice . Primary site -LRB- pancreatic versus nonpancreatic -RRB- was identified as the strongest predictor of yield . In patients with nonpancreatic tumors , the yield of laparoscopy was 4 % . In patients with pancreatic tumors , the yield of laparoscopy was 14 % overall , but was 8.4 % in patients with internal imaging versus 17 % in patients with external imaging -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- . This higher-risk subgroup was partitioned by the presence of weight loss , then by primary site within the pancreas . During the time period of this study , the yield of staging laparoscopy decreased and exceeded 10 % only for patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma . When high-quality cross-sectional imaging reveals no evidence of unresectable disease , routine staging laparoscopy may not be warranted for pancreatic or peripancreatic tumors other than presumed pancreatic adenocarcinoma . This prospective , randomized , single-institution trial was designed to evaluate the role of prophylactic gastrojejunostomy in patients found at exploratory laparotomy to have unresectable periampullary carcinoma . Between 25 % and 75 % of patients with periampullary cancer who undergo exploratory surgery with intent to perform a pancreaticoduodenectomy are found to have unresectable disease . Most will undergo a biliary-enteric bypass . Whether or not to perform a prophylactic gastrojejunostomy remains unresolved . Retrospective reviews of surgical series and prospective randomized trials of endoscopic palliation have demonstrated that late gastric outlet obstruction , requiring a gastrojejunostomy , develops in 10 % to 20 % of patients with unresectable periampullary cancer . Between May 1994 and October 1998 , 194 patients with a periampullary malignancy underwent exploratory surgery with the purpose of performing a pancreaticoduodenectomy and were found to have unresectable disease . On the basis of preoperative symptoms , radiologic studies , or surgical findings , the surgeon determined that gastric outlet obstruction was a significant risk in 107 and performed a gastrojejunostomy . The remaining 87 patients were thought by the surgeon not to be at significant risk for duodenal obstruction and were randomized to receive either a prophylactic retrocolic gastrojejunostomy or no gastrojejunostomy . Short - and long-term outcomes were determined in all patients . Of the 87 patients randomized , 44 patients underwent a retrocolic gastrojejunostomy and 43 did not undergo a gastric bypass . The two groups were similar with respect to age , gender , procedure performed -LRB- excluding gastrojejunostomy -RRB- , and surgical findings . There were no postoperative deaths in either group , and the postoperative morbidity rates were comparable -LRB- gastrojejunostomy 32 % , no gastrojejunostomy 33 % -RRB- . The postoperative length of stay was 8.5 + / -0.5 days for the gastrojejunostomy group and 8.0 + / -0.5 days for the no gastrojejunostomy group . Mean survival among those who received a prophylactic gastrojejunostomy was 8.3 months , and during that interval gastric outlet obstruction developed in none of the 44 patients . Mean survival among those who did not have a prophylactic gastrojejunostomy was 8.3 months . In 8 of those 43 patients -LRB- 19 % -RRB- , late gastric outlet obstruction developed , requiring therapeutic intervention -LRB- gastrojejunostomy 7 patients , endoscopic duodenal stent 1 patient ; p < 0.01 -RRB- . The median time between initial exploration and therapeutic intervention was 2 months . The results from this prospective , randomized trial demonstrate that prophylactic gastrojejunostomy significantly decreases the incidence of late gastric outlet obstruction . The performance of a prophylactic retrocolic gastrojejunostomy at the initial surgical procedure does not increase the incidence of postoperative complications or extend the length of stay . A retrocolic gastrojejunostomy should be performed routinely when a patient is undergoing surgical palliation for unresectable periampullary carcinoma . A novel endoscopic peroral transgastric approach to the peritoneal cavity was tested in a porcine model in acute and long-term survival experiments . Transgastric peritoneoscopy was evaluated in 50-kg pigs . After upper endoscopy , the peritoneal cavity was accessed by needle-knife puncture of the gastric wall , followed by extension of the incision either with a pull-type sphincterotome or by balloon dilation . The peritoneal cavity was examined , and a liver biopsy specimen was obtained . The gastric wall incision was closed with clips . Twelve acute and 5 survival experiments were performed . Both techniques of gastric wall incision were without complication . The acute experiments demonstrated the technical feasibility of the approach . In the survival experiments , all pigs recovered and gained weight . The peroral transgastric approach to peritoneal cavity technically is feasible and has the potential to be an alternative to laparoscopy and laparotomy . Autopsy studies confirm that many intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- patients die from unrecognized sources of abdominal sepsis or ischemia . Computed tomography -LRB- CT -RRB- scans can be of limited use for these diagnoses and difficult to obtain in critically ill patients who require significant support for transport . Bedside laparoscopy has been described but still is cumbersome
Taking advantage of the antitumor effect of hyperthermia , we administered intrapleural perfusion hyperthermo-chemotherapy for the treatment of malignant pleural seeding or pleural effusion . This consists of irrigating the pleural space for 2 hours with 43 degrees C saline solution containing cis-platinum using specially devised extracorporeal circuits . From January 1988 through December 1993 , we performed this technique in 12 patients with malignant disseminated lesions stemming from lung cancer who also underwent surgical resection of the primary lesions and in 7 patients with malignant pleural effusions who did not undergo thoracotomy or surgical resection . There were no serious clinical complications associated with this procedure . The pharmacokinetics showed that a high concentration of cis-platinum -LRB- more than 17.6 micrograms/mL in the free form -RRB- was retained in the pleural cavity during perfusion . After this therapy , the cancer cells showed marked degeneration with fibrosis in the pleural wall . The pleural effusion was well controlled in 100 % of the patients . The median survival time in the 12 patients with pleural disseminated lesions who were treated with intrapleural perfusion hyperthermo-chemotherapy was 20 months . On the other hand , the median survival time in 7 patients with similar lesions who did not receive IPHC was only 6 months . Intrapleural perfusion hyperthermo-chemotherapy seems to have considerable value as an adjuvant therapy for patients with pleural dissemination who have had their primary lesions removed . Malignant pleural mesothelioma is an ideal model for testing new locoregional multimodality approaches because of its aggressive local behavior . This study was planned to investigate the feasibility , safety , and pharmacokinetics of a multimodality therapy including an operation , pleural space perfusion -LRB- 60 minutes -RRB- with cisplatin -LRB- 100 mg/m2 -RRB- , hyperthermia -LRB- 41 . 5 degrees C -RRB- , and postoperative radiotherapy -LRB- 55 Gy to chest wall incisions -RRB- . The effects of the extent of resection and perfusion temperature on cisplatin pharmacokinetics were evaluated . Ten patients with epithelial or mixed , stage I or II , malignant pleural mesothelioma underwent the following procedures : group A -LRB- 3 patients -RRB- , pleurectomy/decortication and normothermic pleural space antineoplastic perfusion ; group B -LRB- 3 patients -RRB- , pleurectomy/decortication and hyperthermic perfusion ; and group C -LRB- 4 patients -RRB- , pleuropneumonectomy and hyperthermic perfusion . Operations were selectively applied depending on tumor extent . Platinum levels were serially measured by atomic absorption in systemic blood , perfusate , lung , and endothoracic fascia . The overall procedure was completed in every case , without any death or toxicity . No lung damage was demonstrated after treatment . Major complications included 1 wound infection and 1 diaphragmatic prosthesis displacement . The mean peak platinum plasma levels were reached within 45 to 60 minutes after perfusion was started . Systemic drug concentrations were greater after pleurectomy/decortication than after pleuropneumonectomy -LRB- P = .006 -RRB- . The local tissue/perfusate ratio of platinum concentrations tended to be higher after hyperthermic perfusion rather than normothermic perfusion . This multimodality approach is feasible , pharmacokinetically advantageous , and safe enough to undergo further clinical investigations . The preferred treatment for patients with pleural tumors or tumors with pleural extension has not been determined . Systemic and local modalities were studied , including intrapleural chemotherapy and hyperthermia , which mainly have been investigated separately . The objective of this study was to investigate the feasibility , toxicity and early results of a multimodality treatment consisting of surgery , chemotherapy , and hyperthermia in one session for the treatment of patients with pleural malignancies . From November 1994 to September 1998 , 26 patients -LRB- 7 patients with mesothelioma , 11 patients with thymic neoplasms , and 8 patients with other tumors -RRB- underwent intraoperative hyperthermic pleural perfusion -LRB- HPP -RRB- . Perfusion was performed with a roller pump and a heat exchanger . Cisplatin was added when the temperature stabilized to a mean of 40.8 degrees C -LRB- range , 40.2-41.5 degrees C -RRB- . Dosages of cisplatin used were 60 mg in 2 patients , 100 mg in 2 patients , 120 mg in 1 patient , 150 mg in 18 patients , and 200 mg in 3 patients . The patients underwent the following associated surgeries : extended extrapleural pneumonectomy in 8 patients , resection of tumor without pleurectomy in 4 patients , resection of tumors with pleurectomy in 10 patients , and exploration and HPP only in 4 patients -LRB- thoracotomy in 2 patients and video-assisted thoracoscopy in 2 patients -RRB- . There were no technical problems during the perfusion period . The systemic temperature rose to a maximum of 38 degrees C . One patient died from complications related to a technical error . Eight patients had complications ; the most bothersome were in four patients with empyema -LRB- early in two patients and late in two patients -RRB- . Ten patients were alive 28-69 months after surgery . The overall 1-year , 2-year , and 3-year survival rates were 72 % , 65 % , and 44 % , respectively . Complete ipsilateral pleuropulmonary control was achieved in 17 patients -LRB- 9 patients who are alive and 8 patients who have died -RRB- . Intraoperative HPP with cisplatin is feasible , easy to perform , and relatively safe . This method may offer excellent local control for patients with pleural tumors . Thymic undifferentiated carcinoma has a poor prognosis . We encountered a patient with thymic carcinoma associated with an intrathoracic disseminated lesion , who underwent surgery combined with intrathoracic hyperthermic perfusion after systemic chemotherapy and showed good results . The 45-year-old man was diagnosed as having a thymoma with an intrathoracic disseminated lesion . After he underwent three courses of systemic chemotherapy , he was admitted to our hospital . An anterior mediastinal tumor and an intrathoracic disseminated lesion remained , and were treated by surgical resection combined with intrathoracic hyperthermic perfusion . The tumors
Patients ' responses to oral antiplatelet therapy are subject to variation . Bedside monitoring offers the opportunity to improve outcomes after coronary stenting by individualizing therapy . We randomly assigned 2440 patients scheduled for coronary stenting at 38 centers to a strategy of platelet-function monitoring , with drug adjustment in patients who had a poor response to antiplatelet therapy , or to a conventional strategy without monitoring and drug adjustment . The primary end point was the composite of death , myocardial infarction , stent thrombosis , stroke , or urgent revascularization 1 year after stent implantation . For patients in the monitoring group , the VerifyNow P2Y12 and aspirin point-of-care assays were used in the catheterization laboratory before stent implantation and in the outpatient clinic 2 to 4 weeks later . In the monitoring group , high platelet reactivity in patients taking clopidogrel -LRB- 34.5 % of patients -RRB- or aspirin -LRB- 7.6 % -RRB- led to the administration of an additional bolus of clopidogrel , prasugrel , or aspirin along with glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors during the procedure . The primary end point occurred in 34.6 % of the patients in the monitoring group , as compared with 31.1 % of those in the conventional-treatment group -LRB- hazard ratio , 1.13 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 0.98 to 1.29 ; P = 0.10 -RRB- . This study showed no significant improvements in clinical outcomes with platelet-function monitoring and treatment adjustment for coronary stenting , as compared with standard antiplatelet therapy without monitoring .
Misarticulation of / r / is among the most challenging developmental speech errors to remediate . Case studies suggest that visual biofeedback treatment can establish perceptually accurate / r / in clients who have not responded to traditional treatments . This investigation studied the response of children with persistent / r / misarticulation to a course of traditional treatment and a course of biofeedback treatment . Eleven children with / r / misarticulation completed 10 weeks of individual treatment consisting of 4-6 weeks of traditional treatment followed by 4-6 weeks of biofeedback treatment . Progress was measured by tracking correct / r / productions within treatment and probing / r / in words at 3 time points . At the group level , there was no difference in independent judges ' ratings of / r / sounds produced by the children before and after traditional treatment . However , / r / sounds produced after biofeedback treatment were significantly more likely to be rated by the judges as perceptually correct . Eight of the 11 children made measurable gains in the accuracy of isolated / r / produced within treatment , with 4 showing significant generalization to untreated / r / in words . This descriptive study shows that treatment incorporating spectral biofeedback can facilitate accurate / r / production in children with treatment-resistant errors . A follow-up period using traditional intervention methods may be necessary to encourage generalization . Treatment using electropalatography -LRB- EPG -RRB- is described . Speech learners wear a custom-made appliance called a pseudopalate in order to view their tongue-to-palate -LRB- lingual palatal -RRB- contacts on a computer monitor . The results from studies with children who have either articulation or phonology-based problems are discussed . Assessments of contact patterns used by articulation-impaired children suggests that they may produce more atypical articulatory contacts than are noted perceptually . Remediation , using electropalatography , showed that the children benefited from learning new articulatory gestures rather than learning to correct isolated errors . Studies with phonologically-impaired children have shown that perceptually neutralized -LRB- or non-contrasted -RRB- sounds may actually be produced with consistent articulatory contrasts . This knowledge could assist in identifying sounds that might soon emerge and be more responsive to therapy . Training studies with phonologically-impaired children have shown that a motor approach using sound contrasts to teach a phonetic inventory is an effective way to assist these children . Considerations for candidacy for EPG training are also discussed . Ten normal hearing -LRB- NH -RRB- and 18 profoundly hearing-impaired -LRB- HI -RRB- children were recorded using palatometry and audiotape while producing the consonants / t , d , k , g , s , z , integral of / in CV syllables -LRB- V = / i , a / -RRB- . The lingual-palatal contacts produced by the NH subjects for the alveolar stops were undifferentiated across voicing and vowel environment differences . Lingual-palatal contact patterns for the velar stops differed for vowel environment but not for voicing . The / s / and / z / sibilants were distinguished by groove width but not anterior place . Groove locations for / s / and / z / were more anterior than groove locations for / integral of / . The anterior grove location for the / integral of / was vowel dependent . The HI subjects produced idiosyncratic lingual-palatal contact patterns . As patterns for individuals became more unique and less variable across the syllable stimuli , listener identifications showed correspondingly incorrect , undifferentiated responses . The atypical contact patterns used by the HI subjects often required interpretation of possible tongue activities during attempts at the various consonants . Electropalatography -LRB- EPG -RRB- has become relatively well established as a safe and convenient technique for use in the assessment , diagnosis and treatment of children and adults with articulation disorders . EPG 's wide applicability is reflected in the range of different cases that has been researched in recent years . Some research has been carried out using EPG therapy for deaf individuals who use hearing aids , however there are no similar studies for cochlear implant users . EPG therapy was offered as a last resort when traditional therapy failed to achieve specific changes . During therapy , a list of familiar words was practised , using the visual feedback provided by EPG . The client 's articulation was assessed using objective -LRB- EPG printouts -RRB- and subjective -LRB- listener ratings -RRB- measures at four assessment points . Changes were found to be statistically significant . Generalization of the newly-acquired skills to untaught words containing voiceless velars was also observed . The results are discussed in the broader context of implications of this type of therapy with deaf clients . The use of electropalatography -LRB- EPG -RRB- in the teaching of new speech skills to deaf speakers , is not widely researched . Whether these skills can be maintained , or whether they can become fully automatic , without enough speech perception to enable auditory self-monitoring is therefore unclear . Most approaches to increasing speech intelligibility in deaf speakers , rightly , place an emphasis on maximizing residual hearing and listening skills . However , a small amount of evidence exists which suggests that speech production can aid speech perception . This research aimed to measure change in speech perception , through use of the speech pattern audiometer -LRB- SPA -RRB- , whilst working on speech production with the electropalatograph . The issues of maintenance and generalization are discussed . This study investigated some effects of postlingual deafness on speech by exploring selected properties of consonants , vowels , and suprasegmentals in the speech of seven totally , postlingually deafened individuals . The observed speech properties included parameters that function as phonological contrasts in English , as well as parameters that constitute primarily phonetic distinctions . The results demonstrated that postlingual deafness affects the production of all classes of speech sounds , suggesting
This study was undertaken to determine whether buccal misoprostol improves cervical preparation achieved with laminaria before second-trimester dilation and evacuation procedures . A randomized , double blind , placebo-controlled trial of preoperative cervical preparation with overnight laminaria and either buccal placebo or 400 microg buccal misoprostol approximately 90 minutes before second-trimester surgical abortion . Block randomization was used to provide balanced enrollment into 2 separate gestational age study groups : early -LRB- 13-15 -LRB- 6/7 -RRB- -RRB- and mid -LRB- 16-20 -LRB- 6/7 -RRB- -RRB- second trimester . Surgeons tested maximal cervical dilation by inserting the largest dilator that could be passed through the cervical os without force . Subject demographics and preprocedure symptoms were tracked . Groups were similar in regard to age , gravity , parity , delivery type , and gestational age . Data were analyzed from 125 women in the 13 to 15 -LRB- 6/7 -RRB- -LRB- 30 misoprostol , 32 placebo -RRB- and 16 to 20 -LRB- 6/7 -RRB- -LRB- 31 misoprostol , 32 placebo -RRB- gestational age groups . Overall , misoprostol treatment did not improve the initial mean dilation achieved with laminaria alone in either the 13 to 15 -LRB- 6/7 -RRB- -LRB- 46.0 fr + / - 5.0 ; placebo 45.0 fr + / - 6.2 , P = .68 -RRB- or 16 to 20 -LRB- 6/7 -RRB- -LRB- 50.9 fr + / - 5.6 , placebo 48.9 fr + / - 5.2 , P = .16 -RRB- groups . However , a subanalysis of gestations 19 weeks or more demonstrated significantly greater dilation in the misoprostol group -LRB- 53.6 fr fr + / - 5.3 , placebo 48.5 fr + / - 5.0 , P = .01 -RRB- . Subjects receiving misoprostol reported significantly more cramping than those receiving placebo -LRB- 13-15 -LRB- 6/7 -RRB- weeks misoprostol 25/30 , 83 % ; placebo 17/32 , 53 % , P = .02 ; 16-20 -LRB- 6/7 -RRB- week misoprostol 25/31 , 81 % , placebo 16/32 , 50 % , P = .02 -RRB- . Cervical dilation with laminaria is augmented by 400 microg buccal misoprostol in gestations 19 weeks or more , but not in earlier gestations . Misoprostol causes more abdominal cramping . To compare the efficacy and acceptability of same-day misoprostol and overnight laminaria for cervical ripening before early second-trimester surgical abortion . We performed a randomized , double-blinded , controlled trial comparing 400 microg of vaginal misoprostol , given 3-4 hours preoperatively , with overnight laminaria before early second-trimester surgical abortion among women at 13.0-16.0 weeks of gestation -LRB- n = 84 -RRB- . The primary outcome was procedure time , and the sample size was based on 95 % power to detect a difference of 4.5 minutes between groups . Secondary outcomes included completion of the procedure on the first attempt , procedural difficulty , and patients ' pain scores and preferences . The average gestational duration was 14 weeks 6 days . Procedures performed after laminaria were significantly faster than those after misoprostol -LRB- median 3.4 versus 7.2 minutes , respectively , P = .01 -RRB- . Laminaria patients had significantly greater dilation than misoprostol patients at abortion -LRB- mean 43 versus 33 French , P < .001 -RRB- , and more misoprostol patients required additional dilation -LRB- 85 % versus 21 % , P < .001 -RRB- . Physicians rated 27 % of the misoprostol procedures as moderate-markedly difficult versus 5 % of laminaria procedures -LRB- P = .01 -RRB- . Differences in efficacy were pronounced among nulliparous patients . There were no significant differences in ability to complete the procedure on the first attempt or patients ' intraoperative pain scores . More women in the misoprostol group would choose their assigned method again -LRB- 93 % versus 62 % , P < .01 -RRB- , and 82 % of all subjects preferred a 1-day procedure . Early second-trimester abortions take longer and are technically more challenging after cervical ripening with same-day misoprostol than with overnight laminaria , but patients prefer same-day misoprostol . Abortion during the second trimester of pregnancy accounts for 10-15 % of abortions performed worldwide . Dilation and evacuation -LRB- D&E -RRB- is the preferred method of second-trimester abortion in most parts of the developed world . Cervical preparation is recommended for dilation and curettage -LRB- D&C -RRB- after 12 weeks gestation and is standard practice for D&E beyond 14 weeks gestation . Prostaglandins , osmotic dilators , and Foley balloon catheters have been used and studied as cervical preparation prior to second-trimester D&E . However , no consensus exists as to which cervical preparation method is superior with regards to safety , procedure time , need for additional dilation , ability to perform the procedure , or patient and provider acceptability . Despite the fact that the advent of osmotic dilation has improved the safety of the D&E procedure during the second trimester , it is unclear whether a certain type of osmotic dilator is superior to another or whether osmotic dilation with adjuvant prostaglandin is superior to osmotic dilation alone or to prostaglandins alone . This review evaluates cervical preparation methods for second-trimester surgical abortion with respect to differences in procedure time , dilation achieved , need for additional dilation , complications , ability to complete the procedure , patient pain scores , and patient and provider acceptability and satisfaction . We searched for trials of cervical preparation prior to second-trimester D&E . We included all randomized controlled trials that compared osmotic , mechanical , antiprogesterone , prostaglandin , or other medical agents of cervical preparation for second-trimester surgical abortion from 14-24 weeks of gestation . Data were abstracted by two authors and data entry was verified by a third author . Mean difference and Peto Odds Ratio were calculated . Osmotic dilators were found to be superior to prostaglandins with respect to cervical dilation throughout the second trimester and with respect to procedure time within the early second
Estimates of the relative mortality risks associated with normal weight , overweight , and obesity may help to inform decision making in the clinical setting . To perform a systematic review of reported hazard ratios -LRB- HRs -RRB- of all-cause mortality for overweight and obesity relative to normal weight in the general population . PubMed and EMBASE electronic databases were searched through September 30 , 2012 , without language restrictions . Articles that reported HRs for all-cause mortality using standard body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- categories from prospective studies of general populations of adults were selected by consensus among multiple reviewers . Studies were excluded that used nonstandard categories or that were limited to adolescents or to those with specific medical conditions or to those undergoing specific procedures . PubMed searches yielded 7034 articles , of which 141 -LRB- 2.0 % -RRB- were eligible . An EMBASE search yielded 2 additional articles . After eliminating overlap , 97 studies were retained for analysis , providing a combined sample size of more than 2.88 million individuals and more than 270,000 deaths . Data were extracted by 1 reviewer and then reviewed by 3 independent reviewers . We selected the most complex model available for the full sample and used a variety of sensitivity analyses to address issues of possible overadjustment -LRB- adjusted for factors in causal pathway -RRB- or underadjustment -LRB- not adjusted for at least age , sex , and smoking -RRB- . Random-effects summary all-cause mortality HRs for overweight -LRB- BMI of 25 - < 30 -RRB- , obesity -LRB- BMI of ≥ 30 -RRB- , grade 1 obesity -LRB- BMI of 30 - < 35 -RRB- , and grades 2 and 3 obesity -LRB- BMI of ≥ 35 -RRB- were calculated relative to normal weight -LRB- BMI of 18.5 - < 25 -RRB- . The summary HRs were 0.94 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.91-0.96 -RRB- for overweight , 1.18 -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.12-1.25 -RRB- for obesity -LRB- all grades combined -RRB- , 0.95 -LRB- 95 % CI , 0.88-1.01 -RRB- for grade 1 obesity , and 1.29 -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.18-1.41 -RRB- for grades 2 and 3 obesity . These findings persisted when limited to studies with measured weight and height that were considered to be adequately adjusted . The HRs tended to be higher when weight and height were self-reported rather than measured . Relative to normal weight , both obesity -LRB- all grades -RRB- and grades 2 and 3 obesity were associated with significantly higher all-cause mortality . Grade 1 obesity overall was not associated with higher mortality , and overweight was associated with significantly lower all-cause mortality . The use of predefined standard BMI groupings can facilitate between-study comparisons . Many studies have reported an association between a low or lowered blood total cholesterol -LRB- TC -RRB- level and subsequent nonatherosclerotic disease incidence or death . The question of whether low TC is a true risk factor or alternatively a consequence of occult disease at the time of TC measurement remains unsettled . To shed new light onto this problem , we analyzed TC change over a 6 - year period -LRB- from exam 1 in 1965 through 1968 to exam 3 in 1971 through 1974 -RRB- in relation to subsequent 16-year mortality in a cohort of Japanese American men . The study was based on 5941 men 45 to 68 years of age without prior history of coronary heart disease , stroke , cancer , or gastrointestinal-liver disease at exam 1 who also participated in exam 3 of the Honolulu Heart Program . The association of TC change with mortality end points was investigated with two different approaches -LRB- continuous and categorical TC change -RRB- with standard survival analysis techniques . Falling TC level was accompanied by a subsequent increased risk of death caused by some cancers -LRB- hemopoietic , esophageal , and prostate -RRB- , noncardiovascular noncancer causes -LRB- particularly liver disease -RRB- , and all causes . By contrast , there was no significant increase in all-cause mortality risk among cohort men with stable low TC levels . Nonillness mortality -LRB- deaths caused by trauma and suicide -RRB- was not related to either TC change or the average of TC levels in exams 1 and 3 . These results add strength to the reverse-causality proposition that catabolic diseases cause TC to decrease . Results of intervention studies in patients with type 2 diabetes have led to concerns about the safety of aiming for normal blood glucose concentrations . We assessed survival as a function of HbA -LRB- 1c -RRB- in people with type 2 diabetes . Two cohorts of patients aged 50 years and older with type 2 diabetes were generated from the UK General Practice Research Database from November 1986 to November 2008 . We identified 27 965 patients whose treatment had been intensified from oral monotherapy to combination therapy with oral blood-glucose lowering agents , and 20 005 who had changed to regimens that included insulin . Those with diabetes secondary to other causes were excluded . All-cause mortality was the primary outcome . Age , sex , smoking status , cholesterol , cardiovascular risk , and general morbidity were identified as important confounding factors , and Cox survival models were adjusted for these factors accordingly . For combined cohorts , compared with the glycated haemoglobin -LRB- HbA -LRB- 1c -RRB- -RRB- decile with the lowest hazard -LRB- median HbA -LRB- 1c -RRB- 7.5 % , IQR 7.5-7.6 % -RRB- , the adjusted hazard ratio -LRB- HR -RRB- of all-cause mortality in the lowest HbA -LRB- 1c -RRB- decile -LRB- 6.4 % , 6.1-6.6 -RRB- was 1.52 -LRB- 95 % CI 1.32-1.76 -RRB- , and in the highest HbA -LRB- 1c -RRB- decile -LRB- median 10.5 % , IQR 10.1-11.2 % -RRB- was 1.79 -LRB- 95 % CI 1.56-2.06 -RRB- . Results showed a general U-shaped association , with the lowest HR at an
In 1991 , the AIDS Task Force of the American Academy of Neurology published nomenclature and research case definitions to guide the diagnosis of neurologic manifestations of HIV-1 infection . Now , 16 years later , the National Institute of Mental Health and the National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Stroke have charged a working group to critically review the adequacy and utility of these definitional criteria and to identify aspects that require updating . This report represents a majority view , and unanimity was not reached on all points . It reviews our collective experience with HIV-associated neurocognitive disorders -LRB- HAND -RRB- , particularly since the advent of highly active antiretroviral treatment , and their definitional criteria ; discusses the impact of comorbidities ; and suggests inclusion of the term asymptomatic neurocognitive impairment to categorize individuals with subclinical impairment . An algorithm is proposed to assist in standardized diagnostic classification of HAND . Ten per cent of all new cases of AIDS in the United States are in persons older than 50 years . This is particularly problematical in the case of the neuropsychiatric consequences of HIV , because there are neuropsychiatric disorders which become common in older individuals in the absence of HIV . The purpose of this report is to describe the prevalence and incidence of cognitive impairment in HIV-infected individuals enrolled in a community-based study . The study consisted of community-based , sentinel survey physician referrals of HIV-infected patients , with volunteer recruitment of risk-appropriate seronegative controls . One-year longitudinal follow-up study . Detailed neuropsychiatric evaluations were performed at study entry and after one year . A brief , interim visit tracked incident change . Each subject 's neuropsychological test performance was classified as normal , demented , or cognitive impairment -LRB- not demented -RRB- . The prevalence of cognitive disorder among HIV-positive individuals over 50 years was significantly greater than in individuals younger than 50 years . Among older participants , dementia was the more common classification -LRB- 23 % -RRB- , whereas among younger participants , a milder form of cognitive impairment was more prevalent -LRB- 22 % -RRB- . Alcohol abuse/dependence was a significant risk factor for a disorder , whereas greater education was a protective factor . The one-year incidence of disorder in the sample overall was low -LRB- 7.3 % -RRB- , and age was not a significant risk factor . However , HIV viral load at study entry was significantly higher among those participants who had developed cognitive impairment one year later . Age is a significant risk modifier for prevalent neuropsychological disorder . We report data on 11 patients with neurological symptoms and human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- cerebrospinal fluid -LRB- CSF -RRB- viremia contrasting with suppressed plasma HIV RNA during receipt of combined antiretroviral therapy . We retrospectively identified instances of central nervous system -LRB- CNS -RRB- symptoms in patients who had been receiving stable combination antiretroviral therapy . Discordance between plasma and CSF HIV RNA levels was defined by any detectable CSF HIV RNA level > 200 copies/mL while plasma levels were < 50 copies/mL or by a CSF HIV RNA level that was 1 log greater than the plasma HIV RNA level . Eleven patients had experienced acute or subacute neurological symptoms . All but one patient had CSF pleocytosis and/or elevated protein levels . The median CSF HIV RNA level was 880 copies/mL -LRB- range , 558-12,885 copies/mL -RRB- . Patients had been receiving stable combination antiretroviral therapy for a median of 13 months -LRB- range , 10-32 months -RRB- . Eight of 11 patients had a plasma HIV RNA level < 50 copies/mL , and 3 had plasma HIV RNA blips with their CSF HIV RNA level > 1 log higher than their plasma HIV RNA level . Resistance-associated mutations were detected in 7 of 8 CSF HIV RNA genotypic strains . The median number of resistance-associated mutations was 6 -LRB- range , 2-8 -RRB- to nucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitors and 3 -LRB- range , 1-9 -RRB- to protease inhibitors . One patient had a virus harboring nonnucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitor mutations . The median central nervous system penetration-effectiveness -LRB- CPE -RRB- rank was 2 -LRB- range , 1-3 -RRB- , and 5 patients had a CPE 1.5 . After antiretroviral therapy optimization based on genotypes and CPE , all patients clinically improved , with normalization of CSF . Despite successful suppression of plasma viremia with antiretroviral therapy , HIV may replicate in CSF , with development of CSF HIV resistance resulting in acute or subacute neurological manifestations . The current study explored the predictive validity of the Global Deficit Score -LRB- GDS -RRB- approach in summarizing neuropsychological -LRB- NP -RRB- test results , and specifically in detecting HIV-associated cognitive impairment . A comprehensive NP test battery was administered to 88 HIV + subjects and 61 healthy HIV - controls comparable for age , education , and ethnicity . Demographically corrected test data were converted to a GDS , which simulates clinicians ' ratings by quantifying the number and degree of impaired performances throughout the test battery while attaching relatively less significance to superior performances and/or those within normal limits . Our results indicated that the GDS approach effectively discriminated HIV + and normal control groups , and accurately classified HIV + individuals with NP impairment based on the `` gold standard '' clinical rating approach . Consistent with previous studies using different subject samples and different NP test batteries , the GDS cutpoint of > or = 0.50 yielded optimal balance between sensitivity and specificity in classifying NP impairment , thus supporting the generalizability of the method . Moreover , the ability of the GDS to predict NP impairment across several cutpoints was quite strong , with positive predictive power values ranging from 0.71 to 1.00 . These findings support the validity of the GDS as a clinically useful way of summarizing results on NP testing . The effects of aging on the presentation
We evaluated a novel therapy for primary central nervous system lymphoma -LRB- PCNSL -RRB- with induction immunochemotherapy with high-dose methotrexate , temozolomide , and rituximab -LRB- MT-R -RRB- followed by intensive consolidation with infusional etoposide and high-dose cytarabine -LRB- EA -RRB- . In addition , we evaluated the prognostic value of the minimum apparent diffusion coefficient -LRB- ADC -LRB- min -RRB- -RRB- derived from diffusion-weighted MRI -LRB- DW-MRI -RRB- in patients treated with this regimen . Thirty-one patients -LRB- median age , 61 years ; median Karnofsky performance score , 60 -RRB- received induction with methotrexate every 14 days for 8 planned cycles . Rituximab was administered the first 6 cycles and temozolomide administered on odd-numbered cycles . Patients with responsive or stable central nervous system -LRB- CNS -RRB- disease received EA consolidation . Pretreatment DW-MRI was used to calculate the ADC -LRB- min -RRB- of contrast-enhancing lesions . For patients receiving EA consolidation , the 2-year progression-free and overall survival were 78 % and 93 % , respectively . EA consolidation was also effective in an additional 3 patients who presented with synchronous CNS and systemic lymphoma . Tumor ADC -LRB- min -RRB- less than 384 × 10 -LRB- -6 -RRB- mm -LRB- 2 -RRB- / s was significantly associated with shorter progression-free and overall survival . MT-R induction was effective and well tolerated . MT-R followed by EA consolidation yielded progression-free and overall survival outcomes comparable to regimens with chemotherapy followed by whole-brain radiotherapy consolidation but without evidence of neurotoxicity . Tumor ADC -LRB- min -RRB- derived from DW-MRI provided better prognostic information for PCNSL patients treated with the MTR-EA regimen than established clinical risk scores .
Cell-free nucleic acids circulating in plasma are considered a promising noninvasive tool for cancer monitoring . BRAF -LRB- V600E -RRB- mutation in cell-free DNA -LRB- cfDNA -RRB- could represent an appropriate marker for papillary thyroid carcinoma -LRB- PTC -RRB- . Our aim is to investigate the role of BRAF -LRB- V600E -RRB- - mutated allele in cfDNA as a marker for the diagnosis and follow-up of PTC . BRAF -LRB- V600E -RRB- allele was detected and quantified by an allele-specific real-time quantitative PCR assay in plasma from 103 patients affected by nodular goiter . As control populations , we enrolled 49 healthy subjects and 16 patients with non-nodular thyroid diseases . Patients with a histopathological diagnosis of PTC showed a higher percentage of circulating BRAF -LRB- V600E -RRB- -LRB- P = .035 -RRB- compared to those with benign histology . The diagnostic performance of circulating BRAF -LRB- V600E -RRB- was assessed by receiver operating characteristic curve analysis resulting in an area under the curve of 0.797 . A cutoff value was chosen corresponding to maximum specificity -LRB- 65 % -RRB- and sensitivity -LRB- 80 % -RRB- . On this basis , we evaluated the predictive value of BRAF -LRB- V600E -RRB- in Thy 3 patients with a resulting positive predictive value of 33 % and a negative predictive value of 80 % .
Adequate treatment of pain is of utmost importance in making uncomplicated the perioperative course for geriatric surgical patients . Effective analgesia reduces morbidity , improves patient and family satisfaction , and is a natural expectation of high-quality care . Pain treatment in older adults is more complicated than in younger counterparts , and great consideration must be given to age-related changes in physiology and pharmacokinetics . Pain treatment must be individualized based on each patient 's profile . Side effects must be minimized and organ toxicity avoided . When complications occur they may be more severe , and treatment must be prompt . Alternative plans for analgesia must be readily enacted . The purpose of this study was to describe the dose-response relationship of epidural morphine for postcesarean analgesia for quality of analgesia and relation to the side effects of pruritus , nausea , and vomiting . Sixty term parturients undergoing nonurgent cesarean delivery were enrolled and randomized to receive a single dose of epidural morphine after delivery -LRB- 0,1.25 , 2.5 , 3.75 , or 5 mg -RRB- . A patient-controlled analgesia -LRB- PCA -RRB- device provided free access to additional analgesics . PCA morphine use and the incidence and severity of side effects were recorded for 24 h. Data were analyzed with analysis of variance , Student 's t-tests , and chi -LRB- 2 -RRB- analysis . Nonlinear regression was used to describe a dose-response curve . PCA use differed significantly among groups -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- ; PCA use was significantly greater in Group 0 mg than Groups 2.5 , 3.75 , and 5 mg -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . 05 -RRB- . No relation was found between epidural morphine dose and incidence or severity of nausea and vomiting . We concluded that , for optimal analgesia , augmentation of epidural morphine with systemic analgesics or other epidural medications may be necessary . Quality of analgesia increases as the dose of epidural morphine increases to at least 3.75 mg ; increasing the dose further to 5 mg did not improve analgesia . Side effects were not dose related . For optimal analgesia , augmentation of epidural morphine with systemic analgesics or other epidural medications may be necessary .
Men with hypogonadism require testosterone replacement for optimal health . In the United States , testosterone is currently administered by daily transdermal patches , topical gels or intramuscular injections every 1-3 weeks . Biodegradable polylactide-co-glycolide microcapsules are currently used for long-term drug delivery in humans . Such microcapsules that contain testosterone could provide a better means of long-term testosterone therapy . We therefore studied the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of testosterone release from testosterone microcapsules in men with hypogonadism . Fourteen men who had been treated previously with testosterone were enrolled in an open-label , prospective study of testosterone microcapsule administration . Subjects were enrolled if 2 consecutive serum total testosterone levels were lower than 8.7 nmol/L after a 4-week washout from testosterone therapy . Subjects were injected with a single dose of either 267 mg -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- or 534 mg -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- of -LRB- Viatrel -RRB- testosterone microcapsule , and serum total testosterone , dihydrotestosterone , estradiol , sex-hormone binding globulin , luteinizing hormone , and follicle-stimulating hormone levels were determined at days -14 , -7 , and 0 before the injection ; at days 1 , 2 , and 7 after the injection ; and then weekly thereafter for 8-12 weeks . Mean serum total testosterone levels peaked immediately following injection on day 1 at 25.2 + / - 2.6 nmol/L in the 267 mg group and 34.7 + / - 2.4 nmol/L in the 534 mg group . Total serum testosterone levels declined gradually and fell below 8.7 nmol/L at 42 days after injection in the 267 mg group , and 70 days after injection in the 534 mg group . Estradiol and dihydrotestosterone levels followed a similar pattern . Mean serum free testosterone also peaked immediately following injection on day 1 at 0.51 + / - 0.05 nmol/L in the 267 mg group and 0.97 + / - 0.08 nmol/L in the 534 mg group . No significant adverse reactions were seen , although 2 subjects complained of transient tenderness and fullness at their injection sites . We conclude that a single injection of 534 mg of testosterone microcapsules to men with hypogonadism normalizes serum hormone levels for up to 10-11 weeks , albeit with a pronounced early peak and a relatively long period of low-normal serum total testosterone . Subcutaneously administered testosterone microcapsules may provide a safe and convenient method for the long-term treatment of male hypogonadism or testosterone replacement in male contraceptive regimens . Low total testosterone levels -LRB- TT -RRB- have been associated with increased morbidity and mortality . However , the prevalence and incidence of testosterone deficiency -LRB- TD -RRB- in association with its risk has not been assessed systematically to date . Data from the prospective population-based Study of Health in Pomerania were used . From the 2117 men aged 20-79 years at baseline , 1490 men with complete TT data were analysed . Crude and age-specific prevalence and incidence rates of TD were estimated by TT levels below the age-specific 10th percentile . Analysis of covariance and Poisson regression models were used to assess the association of socio-demographic characteristics , health-related lifestyle , as well as somatometric , medical and laboratory measures with risk of incident TD . TD baseline prevalence was 10.4 % -LRB- N = 155 -RRB- and incidence 11.7 per 1000 person-years . TT levels showed a significant age-related decline with an unadjusted rate of 0.05 nmol/l per year . Obesity , metabolic syndrome , diabetes and dyslipidaemia were identified as risk factors of incident TD . Subpopulations of men without the revealed risk factors at both examinations maintained constant TT levels over time . Besides aging alone , lifestyle and different comorbidities were associated with TT level decline , suggesting that the age-related TT decline may be at least partly prevented through the management of potentially modifiable risk factors and health related behaviour . To determine the effects of daily oral doses of enclomiphene citrate compared with topical testosterone gel treatment on serum total testosterone -LRB- TT -RRB- , luteinising hormone -LRB- LH -RRB- , follicle-stimulating hormone -LRB- FSH -RRB- , and sperm counts in men with secondary hypogonadism . Two parallel randomised , double-blind , double-dummy , placebo-controlled , multicentre , phase III studies were undertaken to evaluate two doses of enclomiphene citrate vs testosterone gel -LRB- AndroGel -LRB- ® -RRB- 1.62 % -RRB- on TT , LH , FSH , and sperm counts in overweight men aged 18-60 years with secondary hypogonadism . Men were screened and enrolled in the trials -LRB- ZA-304 and ZA-305 -RRB- . All enrolled men had early morning serum TT levels in the low or low normal range -LRB- ≤ 300 ng/dL ; ≤ 10.4 nmol/L -RRB- and had low or normal LH -LRB- < 9.4 IU/L -RRB- levels measured on two separate occasions 2-10 days apart . Serum samples were obtained over the course of the study to determine relevant hormone levels at baseline and after 16 weeks of treatment . Men provided semen samples twice to enroll at the beginning and twice at the end of the study . TT levels increased between baseline and after 16 weeks of treatment in all the treatment groups . Enclomiphene citrate maintained sperm concentration in the normal range over the treatment period , while there was a marked reduction in spermatogenesis in the testosterone gel group . Enclomiphene citrate consistently increased serum TT , LH and FSH , restoring normal levels of serum TT . Enclomiphene citrate treatment maintained sperm concentrations in the normal range . The effects on TT were also seen with testosterone replacement via testosterone gel but sperm counts were not maintained . Androgen deficiency syndrome in men is a frequently diagnosed condition associated with clinical symptoms including fatigue , decreased libido , erectile dysfunction , and metabolic syndrome . Serum testosterone concentrations decline steadily with age . The prevalence of androgen deficiency syndrome in men varies depending on the age group
Selinexor , a selective inhibitor of nuclear export -LRB- SINE -RRB- compound targeting exportin-1 , has previously been shown to inhibit melanoma cell growth <i> in vivo </i> We hypothesized that combining selinexor with antibodies that block or disrupt T-cell checkpoint molecule signaling would exert superior antimelanoma activity . <i> In vitro </i> , selinexor increased <i> PDCD1 </i> and <i> CTLA4 </i> gene expression in leukocytes and induced <i> CD274 </i> gene expression in human melanoma cell lines . Mice bearing syngeneic B16F10 melanoma tumors demonstrated a significant reduction in tumor growth rate in response to the combination of selinexor and anti-PD-1 or anti-PD-L1 antibodies -LRB- <i> P </i> < 0.05 -RRB- . Similar results were obtained in B16F10-bearing mice treated with selinexor combined with anti-CTLA4 antibody . These data indicate that the efficacy of selinexor against melanoma may be enhanced by disrupting immune checkpoint activity . <i> Mol Cancer Ther ; 16 -LRB- 3 -RRB- ; 417-27 . © 2017 AACR </i> <i> See related article by Tyler et al. , p. 428 </i> . Selinexor , a selective inhibitor of nuclear export compound that blocks exportin 1 -LRB- XPO1 -RRB- and forces nuclear accumulation and activation of tumor suppressor proteins , inhibits nuclear factor κB , and reduces oncoprotein messenger RNA translation , is a potential novel treatment for myeloma that is refractory to current therapeutic options . We administered oral selinexor -LRB- 80 mg -RRB- plus dexamethasone -LRB- 20 mg -RRB- twice weekly to patients with myeloma who had previous exposure to bortezomib , carfilzomib , lenalidomide , pomalidomide , daratumumab , and an alkylating agent and had disease refractory to at least one proteasome inhibitor , one immunomodulatory agent , and daratumumab -LRB- triple-class refractory -RRB- . The primary end point was overall response , defined as a partial response or better , with response assessed by an independent review committee . Clinical benefit , defined as a minimal response or better , was a secondary end point . A total of 122 patients in the United States and Europe were included in the modified intention-to-treat population -LRB- primary analysis -RRB- , and 123 were included in the safety population . The median age was 65 years , and the median number of previous regimens was 7 ; a total of 53 % of the patients had high-risk cytogenetic abnormalities . A partial response or better was observed in 26 % of patients -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , 19 to 35 -RRB- , including two stringent complete responses ; 39 % of patients had a minimal response or better . The median duration of response was 4.4 months , median progression-free survival was 3.7 months , and median overall survival was 8.6 months . Fatigue , nausea , and decreased appetite were common and were typically grade 1 or 2 -LRB- grade 3 events were noted in up to 25 % of patients , and no grade 4 events were reported -RRB- . Thrombocytopenia occurred in 73 % of the patients -LRB- grade 3 in 25 % and grade 4 in 33 % -RRB- . Thrombocytopenia led to bleeding events of grade 3 or higher in 6 patients . Selinexor-dexamethasone resulted in objective treatment responses in patients with myeloma refractory to currently available therapies . -LRB- Funded by Karyopharm Therapeutics ; STORM ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT02336815 . -RRB- .
Each year , the American Cancer Society -LRB- ACS -RRB- estimates the number of new cancer cases and deaths expected in the United States in the current year and compiles the most recent data on cancer incidence , mortality , and survival based on incidence data from the National Cancer Institute , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and the North American Association of Central Cancer Registries and mortality data from the National Center for Health Statistics . This report considers incidence data through 2003 and mortality data through 2004 . Incidence and death rates are age-standardized to the 2000 US standard million population . A total of 1,444,920 new cancer cases and 559,650 deaths for cancers are projected to occur in the United States in 2007 . While the absolute number of cancer deaths decreased for the second consecutive year in the United States -LRB- by more than 3,000 from 2003 to 2004 -RRB- and much progress has been made in reducing mortality rates and improving survival , cancer still accounts for more deaths than heart disease in persons under age 85 years .
Early rehospitalizations have been well characterized in many disease states , but not among patients with cirrhosis . The aims of this study were to identify the frequency , costs , predictors , and preventable causes of hospital readmissions among patients with decompensated cirrhosis . Rates of readmission were calculated for 402 patients discharged after one of the following complications of cirrhosis : ascites , spontaneous bacterial peritonitis , renal failure , hepatic encephalopathy , or variceal hemorrhage . Costs of readmissions were calculated using the hospital accounting system . Predictors of time to first readmission were determined using Cox regression , and predictors of hospitalization rate/person-years were determined using negative binomial regression . The independent association between readmission rate and mortality was determined using Cox regression . Admissions within 30 days of discharge were assessed by two reviewers to determine if preventable . Overall , 276 -LRB- 69 % -RRB- subjects had at least one nonelective readmission , with a median time to first readmission of 67 days . By 1 week after discharge , 14 % of subjects had been readmitted , and 37 % were readmitted within 1 month . The mean costs for readmissions within 1 week and between weeks 1 and 4 were $ 28,898 and $ 20,581 , respectively . During a median follow-up of 203 days , the median number of readmissions was 2 -LRB- range 0-40 -RRB- , with an overall rate of 3 hospitalizations/person-years . Patients with more frequent readmissions had higher risk of subsequent mortality , despite adjustment for confounders including the Model for End-stage Liver Disease -LRB- MELD -RRB- score . Predictors of time to first readmission included MELD score , serum sodium , and number of medications on discharge ; predictors of hospitalization rate included these variables as well as the number of cirrhosis complications and being on the transplant list at discharge . Among 165 readmissions within 30 days , 22 % were possibly preventable . Hospital readmissions among patients with decompensated cirrhosis are common , costly , moderately predictable , in some cases , possibly preventable , and independently associated with mortality . We investigated the incidence and factors that predict this rate and its relationship with mortality at 90 days . We analyzed data from patients with advanced liver disease who were hospitalized to an inpatient hepatology service at 2 large academic medical centers in 2008 . Patients with elective admission and recipients of liver transplants were not included . During the study period , there were 447 patients and a total of 554 eligible admissions . Multivariate analyses were performed to identify variables associated with 30-day readmission and to examine its relationship with mortality at 90 days . The 30-day readmission rate was 20 % . After adjusting for multiple covariates , readmission within 30 days was associated independently with model for end-stage liver disease scores at discharge -LRB- odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- , 1.06 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 1.02-1.09 ; P = .002 -RRB- , the presence of diabetes -LRB- OR , 1.78 ; 95 % CI , 1.07-2.95 ; P = .027 -RRB- , and male sex -LRB- OR , 1.73 ; 95 % CI , 1.03-2.89 ; P = .038 -RRB- . After adjusting for age , sex , and model for end-stage liver disease score at discharge , the 90-day mortality rate was significantly higher among patients who were readmitted to the hospital within 30 days than those who were not -LRB- 26.8 % vs 9.8 % ; OR , 2.6 ; 95 % CI , 1.36-5.02 ; P = .004 -RRB- . Patients with advanced liver disease frequently are readmitted to the hospital within 30 days after discharge ; these patients have a higher 90-day mortality rate than those who are not readmitted in 30 days . These data might be used to develop strategies to reduce early readmission of hospitalized patients with cirrhosis .
Intensive physical therapy -LRB- PT -RRB- facilitates motor recovery when provided during a subacute stage after stroke . The efficiency of very early intensive PT has been less investigated . We aimed to investigate whether intensive PT conducted within the first 2 weeks could aid recovery of motor control . This multicentre randomized controlled trial compared soft PT -LRB- 20-min/d apart from respiratory needs -RRB- and intensive PT -LRB- idem +45 minutes of intensive exercises/day -RRB- initiated within the first 72 hours after a first hemispheric stroke . The primary outcome was change in motor control between day -LRB- D -RRB- 90 and D0 assessed by the Fugl-Meyer score . Main secondary outcomes were number of days to walking 10 m unassisted , balance , autonomy , quality of life , and unexpected medical events . All analyses were by intent to treat . The median change in score between D90 and D0 was 27.5 -LRB- 12-40 -RRB- and 22.0 -LRB- 12-56 -RRB- for control and experimental groups -LRB- P = 0.69 -RRB- . Similar results were found for the secondary criteria . Very early after stroke , intensive exercises may not be efficient in improving motor control . This conclusion may apply to mainly severe stroke . URL : http://www.clinicaltrials.gov . Unique identifier : NCT01520636 .
This report presents selected estimates of complementary and alternative medicine -LRB- CAM -RRB- use among U.S. adults and children , using data from the 2007 National Health Interview Survey -LRB- NHIS -RRB- , conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's -LRB- CDC -RRB- National Center for Health Statistics -LRB- NCHS -RRB- . Trends in adult use were assessed by comparing data from the 2007 and 2002 NHIS . Estimates were derived from the Complementary and Alternative Medicine supplements and Core components of the 2007 and 2002 NHIS . Estimates were generated and comparisons conducted using the SUDAAN statistical package to account for the complex sample design . In 2007 , almost 4 out of 10 adults had used CAM therapy in the past 12 months , with the most commonly used therapies being nonvitamin , nonmineral , natural products -LRB- 17.7 % -RRB- and deep breathing exercises -LRB- 12.7 % -RRB- . American Indian or Alaska Native adults -LRB- 50.3 % -RRB- and white adults -LRB- 43.1 % -RRB- were more likely to use CAM than Asian adults -LRB- 39.9 % -RRB- or black adults -LRB- 25.5 % -RRB- . Results from the 2007 NHIS found that approximately one in nine children -LRB- 11.8 % -RRB- used CAM therapy in the past 12 months , with the most commonly used therapies being nonvitamin , nonmineral , natural products -LRB- 3.9 % -RRB- and chiropractic or osteopathic manipulation -LRB- 2.8 % -RRB- . Children whose parent used CAM were almost five times as likely -LRB- 23.9 % -RRB- to use CAM as children whose parent did not use CAM -LRB- 5.1 % -RRB- . For both adults and children in 2007 , when worry about cost delayed receipt of conventional care , individuals were more likely to use CAM than when the cost of conventional care was not a worry . Between 2002 and 2007 increased use was seen among adults for acupuncture , deep breathing exercises , massage therapy , meditation , naturopathy , and yoga . CAM use for head or chest colds showed a marked decrease from 2002 to 2007 -LRB- 9.5 % to 2.0 % -RRB- . The objective of this study was to assess the frequency and type of complementary and alternative medicine -LRB- CAM -RRB- therapies used by families of children with special health care needs in southern Arizona , as well as the correlates of their use . Families of 376 children who were receiving services in a regional facility that serves children with special health care needs and were residing in southern Arizona were surveyed regarding CAM use . Sixty-four percent of these families reported using CAM for their child . The most common CAM therapies were spiritual healing/prayer/blessings . Of the conditions that were evaluated as correctable , the use rate was 24 % as compared with a 76 % use rate for children with a nonrepairable condition . Use of CAM for the child was strongly related to the use of CAM in the past by the family member who responded to the survey . The reasons that parents most frequently chose for using CAM were advice from a medical practitioner and advice from a family member . Use of CAM for children with special health care needs is common . Its frequency and type are significantly associated with the child 's condition and prognosis . The objective of this survey is to determine the frequency , reasons , and factors influencing use of complementary and alternative medicine -LRB- CAM -RRB- in general and specialty pediatrics within the same geographic area . Of the 281 surveys completed , CAM use was higher in children with epilepsy -LRB- 61.9 % -RRB- , cancer -LRB- 59 % -RRB- , asthma -LRB- 50.7 % -RRB- , and sickle cell disease -LRB- 47.4 % -RRB- than in general pediatrics -LRB- 36 % -RRB- . Children most often used prayer -LRB- 60.5 % -RRB- , massage -LRB- 27.9 % -RRB- , specialty vitamins -LRB- 27.2 % -RRB- , chiropractic care -LRB- 25.9 % -RRB- , and dietary supplements -LRB- 21.8 % -RRB- . Parents who used CAM for themselves -LRB- 68.7 % -RRB- were more likely to access CAM for their child . Most parents -LRB- 62.6 % -RRB- disclosed some or all of their child 's use of CAM to providers . This study confirms that within the same geographic region , children with chronic and life-threatening illness use more CAM therapies than children seen in primary care clinics . Children with cancer use CAM for different reasons than children with non-life-threatening illnesses . To assess how often the patients in The Hospital for Sick Children 's rheumatology clinic use complementary and alternative medicine -LRB- CAM -RRB- , and the type of CAM used . Cross-sectional descriptive survey study in a tertiary care referral center . We found that 90 -LRB- 64 % -RRB- of 141 respondents used at least 1 form of CAM ; 45 -LRB- 50 % -RRB- of these 90 used more than 1 form . Health care providers must be aware of their patients ' possible use of CAM , especially those with more than 1 illness . The purpose of this pilot project was to test the feasibility of hypnosis as a preoperative intervention . The unique features of this study were : -LRB- a -RRB- use of a standardized nurse-delivered hypnosis protocol , -LRB- b -RRB- intervention administration immediately prior to surgery in the preoperative holding area , and -LRB- c -RRB- provision of hypnosis to breast cancer surgery patients receiving general anesthesia . A mixed-method design was used . Data collected from the intervention group and historical control group included demographics , symptom assessments , medication administration , and surgical , anesthesia , and recovery minutes . A semi-structured interview was conducted with the intervention group . A reduction in anxiety , worry , nervousness , sadness , irritability , and distress was found from
Maternal mental illness is one of the most reliable risks for clinically significant child adjustment difficulties . The research literature in this area is very large and broad and dates back decades . In this review , we consider recent research findings on maternal mental illness and child development by focusing particularly on affective illness the perinatal period . We do this because maternal affective illness in the perinatal period is common ; recent evidence suggests that pre - and postpartum maternal depression may have lasting effects on child behavioral and somatic health ; research in the perinatal period raises acute and compelling questions about mechanisms of transmission and effect ; and perinatal-focused interventions may offer distinct advantages for benefitting mother and child and gaining insights into developmental mechanisms . Throughout the review , we attend to the increasing integration of psychological and biological models and the trans-disciplinary approach now required for clinical investigation . Risk factors for the childhood development of co-occurring internalizing and externalizing symptoms are not well understood , despite a high prevalence and poor clinical outcomes associated with this co-occurring phenotype . We examined inherited and environmental risk factors for co-occurring symptoms in a sample of children adopted at birth and their birth mothers and adoptive mothers -LRB- N = 293 -RRB- . Inherited risk factors -LRB- i.e. , birth mothers ' processing speed and internalizing symptoms -RRB- and environmental risk factors -LRB- i.e. , adoptive mothers ' processing speed , internalizing symptoms , and uninvolved parenting -RRB- were examined as predictors for the development of internalizing-only , externalizing-only , or co-occurring symptoms using structural equation modeling . Results suggested a unique pattern of predictive factors for the co-occurring phenotype , with risk conferred by adoptive mothers ' uninvolved parenting , birth mothers ' slower processing speed , and the birth mothers ' slower processing speed in tandem with adoptive mothers ' higher internalizing symptoms . Additional analyses indicated that when co-occurring-symptom children were incorporated into internalizing and externalizing symptom groups , differential risk factors for externalizing and internalizing symptoms emerged . The findings suggest that spurious results may be found when children with co-occurring symptoms are not examined as a unique phenotypic group . A broad capacity for deliberate self-regulation plays a key role in emotion regulation . This longitudinal investigation from infancy to preschool age examines genotype by environment -LRB- G x E -RRB- interaction in the development of self-regulation , using molecular measures of children 's genotypes and observed measures of the quality of early mother-child relationship , as reflected in attachment organization in infancy . In 89 children , we assessed the polymorphism in the serotonin transporter gene -LRB- 5-HTTLPR , ss/sl vs. ll allele status -RRB- , security of attachment to mothers at 15 months in the Strange Situation , and children 's ability for self-regulation at 25 , 38 , and 52 months , using behavioral batteries of tasks that called for deliberately suppressing a dominant response and performing instead a sub-dominant response . There was a robust G x E interaction between genetic risk and the quality of early relationship . Among children who carried a short 5-HTTLPR allele -LRB- ss/sl -RRB- , those who were insecurely attached developed poor regulatory capacities , but those who were securely attached developed as good regulatory capacities as children who were homozygotic for the long allele -LRB- ll -RRB- . There was no effect of security for ll homozygotes . Those findings , consistent with diathesis-stress model , bridge research on self-regulation in typically developing children with research on non-human primates and research on psychopathology . They also indicate that a secure attachment relationship can serve as a protective factor in the presence of risk conferred by a genotype . This study examined the direct and indirect pathways from maternal effortful control to 2 aspects of children 's self-regulation-executive functioning and behavioral regulation-via maternal emotional support . Two hundred seventy-eight children and their primary caregivers -LRB- 96 % mothers -RRB- participated in laboratory visits when children were 4 and 5 years , and teachers reported on children 's behavior at kindergarten . At the 4-year assessment , maternal effortful control was measured using the Adult Temperament Questionnaire -LRB- Evans & Rothbart , 2007 -RRB- and maternal emotional support was observed during a semistructured mother-child problem-solving task . At the 5-year assessment , children 's executive functioning was measured using laboratory tasks designed to assess updating/working memory , inhibitory control , and cognitive flexibility , whereas behavioral regulation was assessed via teacher-report questionnaires on children 's attention control , discipline and persistence , and work habits . Results from structural equation modeling indicated that , after controlling for child gender and minority status , and maternal education , maternal effortful control was indirectly associated with both child executive functioning and behavioral regulation through maternal emotional support . These findings suggest that maternal effortful control may be a key contributing factor to the development of children 's self-regulatory competencies through its impact on maternal emotional support . -LRB- PsycINFO Database Record Emerging evidence suggests that maternal emotion and cognitive control capacities are critical to the development and maintenance of parenting practices and may be related to parents ' ability to seek and use parenting help . The purpose of this paper is to present a cohesive conceptual framework on the intersection of maternal emotion and cognitive control capacities and parenting based on a review of literature . We conducted a comprehensive literature review of articles published between 2000 and February 2014 that addressed maternal emotion and cognitive control and parenting . The 35 articles identified were assigned a methodological quality score . Low maternal emotion and cognitive control capacity is associated with increased risk of engaging in child maltreatment , whereas higher maternal emotion and cognitive regulation is associated with sensitive , involved parenting . Contextual factors , such as SES and household organization , play a complex and not clearly understood role on
Soy-based infant formulas have been in use for > 30 y . These formulas are manufactured from soy protein isolates and contain significant amounts of phytoestrogens of the isoflavone class . As determined by HPLC , the isoflavone compositions of commercially available formulas are similar qualitatively and quantitatively and are consistent with the isoflavone composition of soy protein isolates . Genistein , found predominantly in the form of glycosidic conjugates , accounts for > 65 % of the isoflavones in soy-based formulas . Total isoflavone concentrations of soy-based formulas prepared for infant feeding range from 32 to 47 mg/L , whereas isoflavone concentrations in human breast milk are only 5.6 + / - 4.4 microg/L -LRB- mean + / - SD , n = 9 -RRB- . Infants fed soy-based formulas are therefore exposed to 22-45 mg isoflavones/d -LRB- 6-11 mg x kg body wt -LRB- -1 -RRB- x d -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- , whereas the intake of these phytoestrogens from human milk is negligible -LRB- < 0.01 mg/d -RRB- . The metabolic fate of isoflavones from soy-based infant formula is described . Plasma isoflavone concentrations reported previously for 4-mo-old infants fed soy-based formula were 654-1775 microg/L -LRB- mean : 979.7 microg/L : Lancet 1997:350 ; 23-7 -RRB- , significantly higher than plasma concentrations of infants fed either cow-milk formula -LRB- mean + / - SD : 9.4 + / - 1.2 microg/L -RRB- or human breast milk -LRB- 4.7 + / - 1.3 microg/L -RRB- . The high steady state plasma concentration of isoflavones in infants fed soy-based formula is explained by reduced intestinal biotransformation , as evidenced by low or undetectable concentrations of equol and other metabolites , and is maintained by constant daily exposure from frequent feeding . Isoflavones circulate at concentrations that are 13,000-22,000-fold higher than plasma estradiol concentrations in early life . Exposure to these phytoestrogens early in life may have long-term health benefits for hormone-dependent diseases . Nutrient effects on cholesterol fractional synthesis rates -LRB- FSR -RRB- in infancy by stable isotope determination have not been studied . We hypothesized that FSR is significantly reduced with high dietary cholesterol and phytoestrogen intake and increased with low dietary cholesterol and phytoestrogen intake . We prospectively studied 33 term male infants exclusively fed human milk -LRB- high cholesterol , low phytoestrogen , n = 12 -RRB- , cow milk-based formula -LRB- low cholesterol , low phytoestrogen , n = 8 -RRB- , soy milk-based formula -LRB- zero cholesterol , high phytoestrogen , n = 7 -RRB- , or soy milk-based formula modified to contain cholesterol -LRB- low cholesterol , high phytoestrogen , n = 6 -RRB- during the first 4 mo of life . Cholesterol FSR was determined from rate of incorporation of deuterium into erythrocyte membrane cholesterol , and urinary isoflavone excretion -LRB- an index of dietary phytoestrogen exposure -RRB- was measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry . Significant differences in cholesterol FSR were found . FSR -LRB- % / d -RRB- was lowest in human milk -LRB- 2.62 + / - 0.38 -RRB- , highest in soy milk-based formula -LRB- 9.40 + / - 0.51 -RRB- , and intermediate in cow milk-based and modified soy milk-based formula -LRB- 6.90 + / - 0.48 and 8.03 + / - 0.28 , respectively -RRB- , p < 0.0001 . We also show for the first time that dietary phytoestrogens are absorbed and excreted by the infant fed soy protein-based formula . Urinary isoflavone excretion was inversely related to cholesterol FSR , but it was not significantly related to serum cholesterol concentration . We conclude that the type of infant nutrition and dietary cholesterol are major factors influencing cholesterol fractional synthesis rates in infancy . A large body of evidence documents the role of phytoestrogens in influencing hormone-dependent states . Infants fed soy formula receive high levels of phytoestrogens , in the form of soy isoflavones , during a stage of development at which permanent effects are theoretically possible . However , a paucity of data exists on the long-term effects of infant soy formulas . To examine the association between infant exposure to soy formula and health in young adulthood , with an emphasis on reproductive health . Retrospective cohort study conducted from March to August 1999 among adults aged 20 to 34 years who , as infants , participated during 1965-1978 in controlled feeding studies conducted at the University of Iowa , Iowa City -LRB- 248 were fed soy formula and 563 were fed cow milk formula during infancy -RRB- . Self-reported pubertal maturation , menstrual and reproductive history , height and usual weight , and current health , compared based on type of formula exposure during infancy . No statistically significant differences were observed between groups in either women or men for more than 30 outcomes . They also reported greater discomfort with menstruation -LRB- unadjusted relative risk for extreme discomfort vs no or mild pain , 1.77 ; 95 % CI , 1.04-3.00 -RRB- . Exposure to soy formula does not appear to lead to different general health or reproductive outcomes than exposure to cow milk formula . Although the few positive findings should be explored in future studies , our findings are reassuring about the safety of infant soy formula .
This report presents worldwide estimates of annual mortality from all cancers and for 18 specific cancer sites around 1985 . Crude and age-standardized mortality rates and numbers of deaths were computed for 24 geographical areas . Of the estimated 5 million deaths from cancer -LRB- excluding non-melanoma skin cancer -RRB- , 56 % occurred in developing countries . The most frequent neoplasm is lung cancer , accounting for 22 % of cancer deaths in men . Among women breast cancer is the leading malignancy , accounting for 16 % and 11 % of all cancer deaths in developed and developing countries , respectively . In developing countries , cancer of the cervix uteri ranks first , breast cancer second . The second most frequent cause of death from cancer in both sexes is cancer of the stomach , followed by liver cancer in men and by colon/rectum cancer in women . Cancers of the colon/rectum and prostate maintain a high rank in men living in developed countries , while cancers of the lung , ovary and pancreas occupy similar ranks among women . In developing countries , cancers of the oesophagus and mouth/pharynx follow those previously mentioned in both sexes . If the estimated rates continue to prevail , increases in the numbers of deaths of 20.4 % in developed and 18.1 % in developing countries are expected by the year 2000 , simply as a consequence of demographic trends towards ageing and population growth . Our results provide an indication of the potential impact of preventive practices . It is estimated that 20 % of all cancer deaths -LRB- 1 million -RRB- could be prevented by eliminating tobacco smoking . Mortality from cancers of the liver and uterine cervix , both major problems in developing countries , could be substantially reduced by immunization against hepatitis B virus infection and early detection through Pap smears , respectively . Each year , the American Cancer Society estimates the number of new cancer cases and deaths expected in the United States in the current year and compiles the most recent data on cancer incidence , mortality , and survival based on incidence data from the National Cancer Institute and mortality data from the National Center for Health Statistics . Incidence and death rates are age-standardized to the 2000 US standard million population . When deaths are aggregated by age , cancer has surpassed heart disease as the leading cause of death for those younger than age 85 since 1999 . Delay-adjusted cancer incidence rates stabilized in men from 1995 through 2002 , but continued to increase by 0.3 % per year from 1987 through 2002 in women . Between 2002 and 2003 , the actual number of recorded cancer deaths decreased by 778 in men , but increased by 409 in women , resulting in a net decrease of 369 , the first decrease in the total number of cancer deaths since national mortality record keeping was instituted in 1930 . The death rate from all cancers combined has decreased by 1.5 % per year since 1993 among men and by 0.8 % per year since 1992 among women . The mortality rate has also continued to decrease for the three most common cancer sites in men -LRB- lung and bronchus , colon and rectum , and prostate -RRB- and for breast and colon and rectum cancers in women . Lung cancer mortality among women continues to increase slightly . In analyses by race and ethnicity , African American men and women have 40 % and 18 % higher death rates from all cancers combined than White men and women , respectively . Cancer incidence and death rates are lower in other racial and ethnic groups than in Whites and African Americans for all sites combined and for the four major cancer sites . However , these groups generally have higher rates for stomach , liver , and cervical cancers than Whites . Furthermore , minority populations are more likely to be diagnosed with advanced stage disease than are Whites . Progress in reducing the burden of suffering and death from cancer can be accelerated by applying existing cancer control knowledge across all segments of the population . Lung cancer remains a major worldwide health problem , accounting for more than a sixth of cancer deaths . The proportion of cancers that are adenocarcinomas is increasing in North America and to some degree in Europe , leading to a changing clinical picture characterised by early development of metastases . Newer diagnostic techniques have allowed for more accurate tumour staging and treatment planning . In patients with non-small-cell cancer , surgical resection offers substantial cure rates in early-stage cases . Combined chemotherapy plus radiation therapy has clearly improved the treatment results for patients with locally advanced cancers , and patients with metastatic disease are now candidates for newer chemotherapy regimens with more favourable results than in the past . Small-cell lung cancer is highly responsive to chemotherapy , and recent advances in radiation therapy have improved the prospects for long survival . New techniques for screening , and innovative approaches to both local and systemic treatment offer hope for substantial progress against this disease in the near future . Each year , the American Cancer Society estimates the number of new cancer cases and deaths expected in the United States in the current year , and compiles the most recent data on cancer incidence , mortality , and survival by using incidence data from the National Cancer Institute -LRB- NCI -RRB- and mortality data from the National Center for Health Statistics -LRB- NCHS -RRB- . Incidence and death rates are age adjusted to the 2000 US standard population . In the year 2003 , we estimate that 1,334,100 new cases of cancer will be diagnosed , and 556,500 people will die from cancer in the United States . Age-adjusted cancer death rates declined in both males and females in the 1990s , though
Infectivity of gametocytemic volunteers living in Bancoumana , a village 60 km from Bamako , Mali , was determined by direct feeds of laboratory-reared Anopheles gambiae s. l. Gametocytemic adolescents -LRB- 10-18 years old -RRB- were as infectious to mosquitoes as younger volunteers and appear to be a more suitable population for testing transmission-blocking efficacy as compared with adults -LRB- > 18 years old -RRB- . To begin to validate the membrane-feeding assay , sera collected from these same volunteers were subjected to a standard membrane-feeding assay . The data suggest that areas with intense but seasonal transmission might be feasible sites for testing transmission-blocking vaccines because of the high gametocytemic rates , high mosquito infectivity rates , and lack of pre-existing humoral-mediated transmission-blocking activity . The differences observed between field-based direct mosquito feeds and laboratory-based membrane feeding assays suggests that caution be used in interpreting Phase I study results in which laboratory-based membrane-feeding assays are used as a surrogate for vaccine efficacy . Malaria parasite infectivity to mosquitoes has been measured in a variety of ways and setting , includind direct feeds of and/or membrane feeding blood collected from randomly selected or gametocytemic volunteers . Anopheles gambiae s.l is the main vector responsible of Plasmodium falciparum transmission in Bancoumana and represents about 90 % of the laboratory findings , whereas Plasmodium malariae and Plasmodium ovale together represent only 10 % . Between August 1996 and December 1998 , direct and membrane feeding methods were compared for the infectivity of children and adolescent gametocyte carriers to anopheline mosquitoes in the village of Bancoumana in Mali . Gametocyte carriers were recruited twice a month through a screening of members of 30 families using Giemsa-stained thick blood smears . F1 generation mosquitoes issued from individual female wild mosquitoes from Bancoumana were reared in a controlled insectary conditions and fed 5 % sugar solution in the laboratory in Bamako , until the feeding day when they are starved 12 hours before the feeding experiment . These F1 generation mosquitoes were divided in two groups , one group fed directly on gametocyte carriers and the other fed using membrane feeding method . Results from 372 Plasmodium falciparum gametocyte carriers showed that children aged 4-9 years were more infectious than adolescents -LRB- p = 0.039 -RRB- , especially during the rainy season . Although intensity of infectivity was lower for membrane feeding , it could be a surrogate to direct feeding for evaluating transmission-blocking activity of candidate malaria vaccines .
In pediatric mature B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma , international pathologist diagnostic agreement was previously evaluated using the Revised European-American Lymphoma Classification . Surgical biopsy histology technical quality -LRB- HTQ -RRB- is variable and may affect diagnostic accuracy . This study evaluated diagnostic agreement correlated with HTQ . Surgical biopsies obtained from international protocol FAB LMB96 Treatment of Mature B-Cell Lymphoma/Leukemia for Burkitt lymphoma -LRB- BL -RRB- , diffuse large B-cell lymphoma -LRB- DLBCL -RRB- , and high-grade B-cell lymphoma Burkitt-like -LRB- BLL -RRB- , were independently reviewed by hematopathologists from 3 national groups -LRB- Children 's Cancer Group , Société Française d'Oncologie Pédiatrique , and United Kingdom Children 's Cancer Study Group -RRB- to determine each national diagnosis and a final diagnosis . HTQ grades for microscopic tissue sections included : good ; medium ; low ; inconclusive . Final diagnoses in 187 cases included : BL 87 -LRB- 47 % -RRB- ; BLL 20 -LRB- 11 % -RRB- ; DLBCL 64 -LRB- 34 % -RRB- ; other 16 -LRB- 9 % -RRB- . HTQ grades included : good 10 -LRB- 5 % -RRB- ; medium 100 -LRB- 54 % -RRB- ; low 75 -LRB- 40 % -RRB- ; inconclusive 2 -LRB- 1 % -RRB- . The rate of uniform agreement between the national diagnoses was significantly higher with good or medium HTQ -LRB- 62 % -RRB- than with low HTQ -LRB- 33 % -RRB- -LRB- P = 0.001 -RRB- . In conclusion , in pediatric mature B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma , international pathologist diagnostic agreement is significantly higher in surgical biopsies with better HTQ . Poor HTQ may adversely impact diagnostic ability and affect prognosis and therapeutic management when different treatment regimens are employed for DLBCL versus BL/BLL . Adolescents -LRB- age 15 to 21 years -RRB- compared with younger children with mature B-cell non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma -LRB- NHL -RRB- have been historically considered to have an inferior prognosis . We therefore analyzed the impact of age and other diagnostic factors on the risk of treatment failure in children and adolescents treated on the French-American-British Mature B-Cell Lymphoma 96 -LRB- FAB LMB 96 -RRB- trial . Patients were divided by risk : group A -LRB- limited -RRB- , group B -LRB- intermediate -RRB- , and group C -LRB- advanced -RRB- , as previously described . Prognostic factors analyzed for event-free survival -LRB- EFS -RRB- included age -LRB- < 15 v ≥ 15 years -RRB- , stage -LRB- I/II v III/IV -RRB- , primary site , lactate dehydrogenase -LRB- LDH -RRB- , bone marrow/CNS -LRB- BM/CNS -RRB- involvement , and histology -LRB- diffuse large B-cell lymphoma v mediastinal B-cell lymphoma v Burkitt lymphoma or Burkitt-like lymphoma -RRB- . Age was not associated as a risk factor for increased treatment failure in either univariate analysis -LRB- P = .15 -RRB- or multivariate analysis -LRB- P = .58 -RRB- . Increased LDH -LRB- ≥ 2 × upper limit of normal -LSB- ULN -RSB- v < 2 × ULN -RRB- , primary site , and BM-positive/CNS-positive disease were all independent risk factors associated with a significant increase in treatment failure rate -LRB- relative risk , 2.0 ; P < .001 , P < .012 , and P < .001 , respectively -RRB- . LDH level at diagnosis , mediastinal disease , and combined BM-positive/CNS-positive involvement are independent risk factors in children with mature B-cell NHL . Future studies should be developed to identify specific therapeutic strategies -LRB- immunotherapy -RRB- to overcome these risk factors and to identify the biologic basis associated with these prognostic factors in children with mature B-cell NHL . Children/adolescents with mature B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma -LRB- B-NHL -RRB- have an excellent prognosis but relapses still occur . While chromosomal aberrations and/or clonal immunoglobulin -LRB- Ig -RRB- gene rearrangements may indicate risk of failure , a more universal approach was developed to detect minimal disease -LRB- MD -RRB- . Children/adolescents with intermediate-risk B-NHL were treated with French-British-American/Lymphome Malins de Burkitt 96 -LRB- FAB/LMB96 -RRB- B4 modified chemotherapy and rituximab . Specimens from diagnosis , end of induction -LRB- EOI -RRB- , and end of therapy -LRB- EOT -RRB- were assayed for MD. . Initial specimens were screened for IGHV family usage with primer pools followed by individual primers to identify MD. . Thirty-two diagnostic/staging specimens screened positive with primer pools and unique IGHV family primers were identified . Two patients relapsed ; first relapse -LRB- 4 months from diagnosis -RRB- was MD-positive at EOI , the second -LRB- 36 months from diagnosis -RRB- was MD-positive at EOT . At EOI , recurrent rates were similar between the MRD-positive and MRD-negative patients -LRB- P = 0 · 40 -RRB- . At EOT , only 13/32 patients had MRD data available with one relapse in the MRD-positive group and no recurrences in the MRD-negative group -LRB- P = 0 · 077 -RRB- . The study demonstrated molecular-disseminated disease in which IgIGHV primer pools could be used to assess MD. . This feasibility study supports future investigations to assess the validity and significance of MD screening in a larger cohort of patients with intermediate-risk mature B-NHL . Clinical studies showed that advanced stage , high LDH , poor response to reduction therapy and combined bone marrow and central nervous system disease are significantly associated with a decreased event-free survival -LRB- EFS -RRB- in pediatric mature B-cell non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma -LRB- B-NHL -RRB- treated on FAB/LMB96 . Although rearranged MYC/8q24 -LRB- R8q24 -RRB- is characteristic of Burkitt lymphoma -LRB- BL -RRB- , little information is available on other cytogenetic abnormalities and their prognostic importance . We performed an international review of 238 abnormal karyotypes in childhood mature B-NHL treated on FAB/LMB96 : 76 % BL , 8 % Burkitt-like lymphoma , 13 % diffuse large B-cell lymphoma -LRB- DLBCL -RRB- . The main BL R8q24-associated chromosomal aberrations were +1 q -LRB- 29 % -RRB- , +7 q and del -LRB- 13q -RRB- -LRB- 14 % each -RRB- . The DLBCL appeared heterogeneous and more complex . Incidence
Treatments by HEWs in the health posts and general health workers at health facility were compared along a community-randomized trial . Costs were analysed from societal perspective in 2007 in US $ using standard methods . We prospectively enrolled smear positive patients , and calculated cost-effectiveness as the cost per patient successfully treated . The total cost for each successfully treated smear-positive patient was higher in health facility -LRB- $ 158.9 -RRB- compared with community -LRB- $ 61.7 -RRB- . Community-based treatment reduced the total , patient and caregiver cost by 61.2 % , 68.1 % and 79.8 % , respectively . Involving HEWs added a total cost of $ 8.80 -LRB- 14.3 % of total cost -RRB- on health service per patient treated in the community . Community-based treatment by HEWs costs only 39 % of what treatment by general health workers costs for similar outcomes . However , community-based treatment requires initial investment to start its implementation , training and supervision . ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00803322 .
To study the changes of blood coagulative and fibrinolytic system and the function of pulmonary vascular endothelium in the course of acute pulmonary thromboembolism -LRB- PTE -RRB- and after anticoagulant or thrombolytic treatment . Twenty patients with acute non-massive PTE , 10 males and 10 females , aged -LRB- 57 + / - 11 -RRB- underwent anticoagulant treatment and 17 sex - , and age-matched acute massive PTE patients underwent thrombolytic treatment . The plasma level of D-dimer -LRB- D-D -RRB- , thrombomodulin -LRB- TM -RRB- , protein C -LRB- PC -RRB- , protein S -LRB- PS -RRB- , tissue-type plasminogen activator -LRB- t-PA -RRB- , plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 -LRB- PAI-1 -RRB- , and antithrombin-III -LRB- AT-III -RRB- activity were measured by ELISA before and after normal subjects severed as control group were included in the study . The plasma level of D-D , PS , PC , TM , t-PA and PAI-1 were measured by a method of ELISA before the treatment and six days after the anticoagulant treatment or 24 hours after the thrombolytic treatment . AT-III activity was measured by chromo-substrate method at the same time points . Forty sex - and age-matched healthy persons were used as controls . The plasma levels of D-D , t-PA , PS , and TM level of the anticoagulant group were all significantly higher and the AT-III activity of the 2 treatment groups was significantly lower than those of the controls before treatment -LRB- all P < 0.05 -RRB- ; the plasma levels of D-D , t-PA , PAI-1 , PS , and TM of the thrombolytic group were ala significantly higher and the AT-III activity was significantly lower than those of the control group before the treatment -LRB- all P < 0.05 -RRB- . After anticoagulant therapy , the plasma levels of D-D , t-PA , PS , and PC were significantly lower than those before treatment -LRB- all P < 0.05 -RRB- , however , the plasma levels of PAI-1 , TM , and AT-III activity after treatment did not differ significantly from those before treatment . Apparent imbalance in the blood coagulative and fibrinolytic system and pulmonary vascular endothelium damage occur in the patients with acute PTE . Combination tests of plasma D-D , AT-III , PS , PC , TM , t-PA and PAI-1 can give a more comprehensive explanation of the imbalance in the blood coagulative and fibrolytic system . Anticoagulant treatment and thrombolytic treatment play important roles in the regulation of the imbalance of coagulative and fibrinolytic system and protection of the function of pulmonary vascular endothelium of PTE patients . Acute pulmonary embolism -LRB- APE -RRB- patients with right ventricular dysfunction -LRB- RVD -RRB- have a worse prognosis . We assessed RVD , deciding the indexes correlating best with prognosis . The prospective multi-center study included 520 consecutive APE patients from 41 collaborating hospitals in China , between June 2002 and November 2004 . RVD was diagnosed in the presence of at least 2 of the following : right ventricular -LRB- RV -RRB- dilatation , loss of inspiratory collapse of inferior vena cava -LRB- IVC -RRB- , right ventricular hypokinesis , tricuspid regurgitant jet velocity > 2.8 m/s . Mean age was 57.4 + / -14.1 years and 323 patients -LRB- 62.1 % -RRB- were male . The 14-day mortality in normotensive patients with RVD was higher -LRB- 2.0 % vs 0.4 % , p < 0.01 -RRB- than without RVD . RVD was associated with adverse 14-day outcomes -LRB- OR 5.23 , 95 % CI , 2.44-11.23 -RRB- and the combination of RV dilation and IVC broadening was more valuable than the combination of RV dilation and RV hypokinesis -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- . A multiple logistic regression model implied that RVD , right/left ventricular end-diastolic diameter ratio -LRB- RVED/LVED -RRB- and systolic pulmonary artery pressure -LRB- SPAP -RRB- be independent predictors of adverse 14-day clinical outcomes -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- . ROC curve showed that the best cut-off values of RVED/LVED and SPAP were 0.67 and 60 mm Hg , respectively . Hemodynamic instability , 14-day clinical outcome , and SPAP were independent harbingers for 3-month outcomes -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- . RVD was a discriminator for a poor prognosis in normotensive patients . Early detection of RVD -LRB- especially combination of RV dilation and IVC broadening , RVED/LVED > 0.67 and/or SPAP > 60 mm Hg -RRB- was beneficial for identifying high-risk patients . Hemodynamic instability , 14-day clinical outcomes , and SPAP independently predicted 3-month clinical outcomes . Acute pulmonary embolism -LRB- APE -RRB- causes right ventricular dysfunction -LRB- RVD -RRB- . APE patients with and without RVD can benefit from thrombolytic therapy or anticoagulants . In this study , we assessed the changes of right ventricular -LRB- RV -RRB- function on transthoracic echocardiography -LRB- TTE -RRB- after different therapy strategies among a broad spectrum of APE . The present prospective randomized trial included 520 APE patients from 41 hospitals in China between June 2002 and November 2004 . Patients were divided into two groups at presentation : group I -LRB- major APE -RRB- -- 52 patients with hemodynamic instability and 198 normotensive patients with RVD ; group II -LRB- minor APE -RRB- -- 270 normotensive patients without RVD . The patients in group I were randomly divided into four subgroups according to different thrombolytic regimens : A -- urokinase 12 h subgroup ; B -- urokinase 2 h subgroup ; C -- recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator -LRB- rtPA -RRB- 50 mg subgroup and D -- rtPA 100 mg subgroup ; Different anticoagulants were randomly assigned to patients in group II : NA -- heparin subgroup ; NB -- nadroparin subgroup . TTE were performed before the therapy , and 24 h , 14 days and 3 months after the therapy , respectively . Mean age was 57.4 + / - 14.1 years and 323 patients -LRB- 62.1 % -RRB- were male . However , there
This review examines the current knowledge of water intake as it pertains to human health , including overall patterns of intake and some factors linked with intake , the complex mechanisms behind water homeostasis , and the effects of variation in water intake on health and energy intake , weight , and human performance and functioning . Water represents a critical nutrient , the absence of which will be lethal within days . Water 's importance for the prevention of nutrition-related noncommunicable diseases has received more attention recently because of the shift toward consumption of large proportions of fluids as caloric beverages . Despite this focus , there are major gaps in knowledge related to the measurement of total fluid intake and hydration status at the population level ; there are also few longer-term systematic interventions and no published randomized , controlled longer-term trials . This review provides suggestions for ways to examine water requirements and encourages more dialogue on this important topic . Few previous studies have investigated consumption distributions of sugar-sweetened beverages -LRB- SSBs -RRB- over time and individual-level associations despite recent interest in SSBs regarding obesity control . To assess consumption patterns and individual-level associations . Trend and cross-sectional analyses of 24-hour dietary recall data and demographic characteristics and socioeconomic status -LRB- SES -RRB- drawn from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey -LRB- 1999-2000 , 2001-2002 , 2003-2004 , 2005-2006 , and 2007-2008 -RRB- data . Children -LRB- aged 2 to 11 years , n = 8,627 -RRB- , adolescents -LRB- aged 12 to 19 years , n = 8,922 -RRB- , young adults -LRB- aged 20 to 34 years , n = 5,933 -RRB- , and middle-aged and elder adults -LRB- aged ≥ 35 years , n = 16,456 -RRB- . Age-stratified regression analyses for SSBs overall and by subtypes . The prevalence of heavy total SSB consumption -LRB- ≥ 500 kcal/day -RRB- increased among children -LRB- 4 % to 5 % -RRB- although it decreased among adolescents -LRB- 22 % to 16 % -RRB- and young adults -LRB- 29 % to 20 % -RRB- . Soda was the most heavily consumed SSB in all age groups except for children . Prevalence of soda consumption decreased , whereas heavy sports/energy drink consumption tripled -LRB- 4 % to 12 % -RRB- among adolescents . Black children and adolescents showed higher odds of heavy fruit drink consumption -LRB- odds ratios 1.71 and 1.67 -RRB- than whites . Low-income children had a higher odds of heavy total SSB consumption -LRB- odds ratio 1.93 -RRB- and higher energy intake from total SSBs and fruit drinks -LRB- by 23 and 27 kcal/day -RRB- than high-income children . Adolescents with low - vs high-educated parents had higher odds of heavy total SSB consumption -LRB- odds ratio 1.28 -RRB- and higher energy intake from total SSBs and soda -LRB- by 27 and 21 kcal/day -RRB- . Low vs high SES was associated with a higher odds of heavy consumption of total SSBs , soda , and fruit drinks among adults . Prevalence of soda consumption fell , but consumption of nontraditional SSBs rose . Heterogeneity of heavy consumption by SSB types across racial/ethnic subpopulations and higher odds of heavy SSB consumption among low-SES populations should be considered in targeting policies to encourage healthful beverage consumption . The relation between sugar-sweetened beverages -LRB- SSBs -RRB- and body weight remains controversial . We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to summarize the evidence in children and adults . We searched PubMed , EMBASE , and Cochrane databases through March 2013 for prospective cohort studies and randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- that evaluated the SSB-weight relation . Separate meta-analyses were conducted in children and adults and for cohorts and RCTs by using random - and fixed-effects models . Thirty-two original articles were included in our meta-analyses : 20 in children -LRB- 15 cohort studies , n = 25,745 ; 5 trials , n = 2772 -RRB- and 12 in adults -LRB- 7 cohort studies , n = 174,252 ; 5 trials , n = 292 -RRB- . In cohort studies , one daily serving increment of SSBs was associated with a 0.06 -LRB- 95 % CI : 0.02 , 0.10 -RRB- and 0.05 -LRB- 95 % CI : 0.03 , 0.07 -RRB- - unit increase in BMI in children and 0.22 kg -LRB- 95 % CI : 0.09 , 0.34 kg -RRB- and 0.12 kg -LRB- 95 % CI : 0.10 , 0.14 kg -RRB- weight gain in adults over 1 y in random - and fixed-effects models , respectively . RCTs in children showed reductions in BMI gain when SSBs were reduced -LSB- random and fixed effects : -0.17 -LRB- 95 % CI : -0.39 , 0.05 -RRB- and -0.12 -LRB- 95 % CI : -0.22 , -0.2 -RRB- -RSB- , whereas RCTs in adults showed increases in body weight when SSBs were added -LRB- random and fixed effects : 0.85 kg ; 95 % CI : 0.50 , 1.20 kg -RRB- . Sensitivity analyses of RCTs in children showed more pronounced benefits in preventing weight gain in SSB substitution trials -LRB- compared with school-based educational programs -RRB- and among overweight children -LRB- compared with normal-weight children -RRB- . Our systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies and RCTs provides evidence that SSB consumption promotes weight gain in children and adults . The intake of sugar-sweetened soft drinks has been reported to be associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes , but it is unclear whether this is because of the sugar content or related lifestyle factors , whether similar associations hold for artificially sweetened soft drinks , and how these associations are related to BMI . We aimed to conduct a systematic literature review and dose-response meta-analysis of evidence from prospective cohorts to explore these issues . We searched multiple sources for prospective studies on sugar-sweetened and artificially sweetened soft drinks in relation to the risk of type 2 diabetes
Intravenous drug use is a major vector of HIV transmission . We assessed whether contingency management -LRB- CM -RRB- , in which participants earn reinforcers for drug abstinence , reduces HIV risk behaviors in methadone-maintained opiate - and cocaine-using outpatients . Participants -LRB- n = 116 -RRB- were randomly assigned to prize-based CM or to receipt of prize draws noncontingently on a schedule yoked to the CM group . Both groups received methadone and individual counseling throughout treatment . The HIV-Risk Taking Behaviour Scale was administered in written questionnaire form at 2-week intervals -LRB- HRBS ; -LSB- Darke , S. , Hall , W. , Heather , N. , Ward , J. , & Wodak , A. -LRB- 1991 -RRB- . The reliability and validity of a scale to measure HIV risk-taking behaviour among intravenous drug users . AIDS , 5 , 181-185 -RSB- -RRB- . A mediation analysis was conducted to determine whether abstinence from opiates and cocaine mediated the effect of CM on HRBS scores . Changes in HRBS scores over time differed significantly by treatment -LRB- F -LRB- 9,334 -RRB- = 2.4 , p < 0.05 -RRB- , with HRBS scores decreasing over time in the CM group to a greater extent than in the noncontingent control group . The relationship between treatment condition and HRBS scores was mediated by abstinence . CM targeted toward cocaine and heroin use produces significant reductions in injection-related drug-taking behaviors associated with heightened risk for getting or transmitting HIV . To examine the effect of reinforcer density in prize-based abstinence reinforcement , heroin/cocaine users -LRB- N = 116 -RRB- in methadone maintenance -LRB- 100 mg/day -RRB- were randomly assigned to a noncontingent control group -LRB- NonC -RRB- or to 1 of 3 groups that earned prize draws for abstinence : manual drawing with standard prize density -LRB- MS -RRB- or computerized drawing with standard -LRB- CS -RRB- or high -LRB- CH -RRB- density . Probabilities -LRB- prizes/draw -RRB- were standard -LRB- 50 % -RRB- and high -LRB- 78 % -RRB- ; prize density was double blind . Mean prize values were CH , $ 286 ; CS , $ 167 ; MS , $ 139 ; and NonC , $ 171 . Outcomes were % opioid/cocaine-negative urines during the 12-week intervention and then 8 weeks postintervention as well as diagnosis of dependence up to 6 months poststudy . Current cocaine dependence diagnoses after treatment were significantly lower in contingent compared with noncontingent groups . Computerized drawing with higher-density prizes enhanced reduction of cocaine use ; abstinence reinforcement had long-term therapeutic benefits . Although spirituality is an integral component of some of the most popular approaches to substance abuse treatment , there is little empirical evidence for a causal relationship between spirituality and treatment success . In the present study , 169 -LRB- 121 male -RRB- opiate - or cocaine-abusing treatment seekers completed the Index of Spiritual Experience -LRB- INSPIRIT -RRB- , a questionnaire that assesses both spirituality and religiosity . Responses were analyzed in terms of demographic variables and in-treatment outcome , which was determined by treatment retention and drug screens from observed biweekly urine collections . Religious/spiritual beliefs were common in these participants and were associated with in-treatment outcome : total INSPIRIT score was weakly correlated -LRB- r = .16 , p < .04 -RRB- with number of subsequent cocaine-negative urines , and participants reporting that they frequently spent time on religious/spiritual activities showed significantly better outcomes in terms of subsequent drug use and treatment retention . Women and African Americans were more likely than men and non-African Americans to report religious and spiritual beliefs or experiences on several individual items , and African Americans had higher INSPIRIT scores than Caucasians . The results suggest that spiritual and religious experience plays a role in substance abuse recovery and that demographic characteristics should be considered in the design of spiritually oriented behavioral interventions for addiction . Although commonly assessed with unidimensional scales , craving has been suggested to be multifaceted and to have a complex relationship with drug use and relapse . This study assessed the consistency and predictive validity of unidimensional and multidimensional craving scales . At the beginning of a 12-week outpatient treatment trial , opiate users -LRB- n = 101 -RRB- and cocaine users -LRB- n = 72 -RRB- completed unidimensional visual analog scales -LRB- VASs -RRB- assessing `` want , '' `` need , '' and `` craving '' and multidimensional 14 - and 45-item versions of the Cocaine Craving Questionnaire -LRB- CCQ -RRB- or Heroin Craving Questionnaire -LRB- HCQ -RRB- . Spearman correlations between the VASs and the first-order factors from the 45-item CCQ/HCQ were .20-.40 , suggesting that the two types of assessment were not redundant . Treatment dropout and in-treatment drug use were more frequently predicted by scores on the 14 - or 45-item CCQ than by VAS ratings . Results suggest that the CCQ/HCQ and the 14-item CCQ provide information that unidimensional VASs do not . Underreporting of drug use is common and influenced by multiple factors . Cannabis -LRB- THC -RRB- use nonreporting and its relationship to heroin and cocaine use were investigated in 690 patients enrolled in 25 - to 29-week clinical trials of contingency management plus methadone maintenance . Urine specimens and self-reports of drug use were collected 3 times/week . Potential predictors of THC use nonreporting were analyzed by multiple logistic regression ; relationships between THC use nonreporting and % cocaine - and opiate-positive urines were analyzed by multiple regression . Compared to non-THC users -LRB- n = 317 -RRB- , patients with THC-positive urines -LRB- n = 373 -RRB- were more likely to be male and have more years of THC use , but were not different on other characteristics . Nonreporting to user ratios were : THC 191/373 -LRB- 51.2 % -RRB- ; opiates 17/686 -LRB- 2.5 % -RRB- ; cocaine 21/681 -LRB- 3.1 % -RRB- . Predictors of THC use nonreporting were low rate of THC-positive
Oxidative stress seems to play a role in impairing flow-mediated dilation -LRB- FMD -RRB- in patients with peripheral artery disease -LRB- PAD -RRB- but the underlying mechanism is still undefined . We evaluated whether NOX2 , the catalytic core of NADPH oxidase , the most important producer of reactive oxidant species -LRB- ROS -RRB- , is implicated in impairing FMD . We measured FMD , urinary isoprostanes , a marker of oxidative stress , nitric oxide generation by serum levels of nitrite/nitrate -LRB- NOx -RRB- , and serum levels of soluble NOX2-derived peptide -LRB- sNOX2-dp -RRB- , a marker of NOX2 activation , in 50 PAD patients and 50 controls . Also , we performed an interventional cross-over study to assess if propionyl-L-carnitine -LRB- PLC -RRB- -LRB- 6g/day -RRB- , vs. placebo , was able to affect FMD via an oxidative stress-mediated mechanism . Compared to controls , patients with PAD had enhanced sNOX2-dp and isoprostanes and reduced NOx and FMD . Multiple linear regression analysis showed that FMD was independently associated with sNOX2-dp . After PLC infusion FMD increased while sNOX2-dp and isoprostanes significantly decreased ; no changes were observed after placebo . In vitro study by incubating platelets or white cells with PLC demonstrated a significant inhibition of p47 -LRB- phox -RRB- translocation on cellular surface and ROS generated by NOX2 activation . This study suggests that in PAD patients ROS generated by NOX2 contribute to reduce FMD and that the administration of an antioxidant is able to improve arterial dilatation via NOX2 inhibition . Dark chocolate is reported to decrease platelet activation but the underlying mechanism is still undefined . Dark chocolate is rich in polyphenols that could exert an antiplatelet action via inhibition of oxidative stress . The aim of the present study was to assess if dark chocolate inhibits platelet reactive oxidant species -LRB- ROS -RRB- formation and platelet activation . Twenty healthy subjects -LRB- HS -RRB- and 20 smokers were randomly allocated to receive 40 g of dark -LRB- cocoa > 85 % -RRB- or milk chocolate -LRB- cocoa < 35 % -RRB- in a cross-over , single-blind study . There was an interval of 7 days between the two phases of the study . Compared with HS , smokers showed enhanced PR , platelet formation of ROS and eicosanoids and NOX2 activation . No effect of milk chocolate was detected in both groups . Serum epicatechin increased after dark chocolate in HS -LRB- from 0.454 ± 0.3 nm to 118.3 ± 53.7 nm -RRB- and smokers -LRB- from 0.5 ± 0.28 nm to 120.9 ± 54.2 nm -RRB- . Platelet incubation with 0.1-10 μm catechin significantly reduced PR , platelet 8-iso-PGF2α and ROS formation and NOX2 activation only in platelets from smokers . Dark chocolate inhibits platelet function by lowering oxidative stress only in smokers ; this effect seems to be dependent on its polyphenolic content . Cocoa seems to exert artery dilatation via oxidative stress inhibition but the mechanism is still unclear . To investigate whether in smokers , dark chocolate elicits artery dilatation via down-regulation of NOX2 , the catalytic core of NADPH oxidase . Flow-mediated dilatation -LRB- FMD -RRB- , oxidative stress -LRB- as assessed by urinary isoprostanes excretion -RRB- , nitric oxide generation -LRB- as assessed by serum levels of nitrite/nitrate -LRB- NOx -RRB- -RRB- , NOX2 activity -LRB- as assessed by blood levels of soluble NOX2 derived peptide -LRB- sNOX2-dp -RRB- -RRB- and serum epicatechin were studied in 20 smokers and 20 healthy subjects -LRB- HS -RRB- in a crossover , single-blind study . Patients were randomly allocated to 40 g dark chocolate -LRB- > 85 % cocoa -RRB- or 40 g of milk chocolate -LRB- ≤ 35 % cocoa -RRB- . FMD , urinary isoprostanes , NOx and sNOX2-dp were assessed at baseline and 2 h after chocolate ingestion . Smokers had lower FMD and NOx and higher sNOX2-dp compared to HS . After dark chocolate intake , urinary isoprostanes and sNOX2-dp significantly decreased and FMD and NOx significantly increased in smokers but not in HS . No changes of the above variables were observed after milk chocolate intake . Multiple linear regression analysis showed that in smokers the only independent predictive variable associated with a change in FMD was a change in sNOX2-dp . Serum epicatechin increased in either group only after dark chocolate intake , reaching values higher than 0.1 μM . Platelets from smokers -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- , but not from HS -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- , showed lower p47 -LRB- phox -RRB- translocation to platelet membrane and higher NOx when incubated with 0.1-10 μM epicatechin . Results suggest that in smokers , cocoa enhances artery dilatation by lowering of NOX2 activation .
However , there is currently no effective treatment for SCI . We evaluated the effects and safety of the intrathecal transplantation of autologous ADMSCs in patients with SCI . Participants/Interventions : Fourteen patients with SCI were enrolled -LRB- 12 for ASIA A , 1 for B , and 1 for D ; duration of impairments 3-28 months -RRB- . Autologous ADMSCs were isolated from lipoaspirates of patients ' subcutaneous fat tissue and 9 × 10 <sup> 7 </sup> ADMSCs per patient were administered intrathecally through lumbar tapping . MRI , hematological parameters , electrophysiology studies , and ASIA motor/sensory scores were assessed before and after transplantation . ASIA motor scores were improved in 5 patients at 8 months follow-up -LRB- 1-2 grades at some myotomes -RRB- . Voluntary anal contraction improvement was seen in 2 patients . ASIA sensory score recovery was seen in 10 , although degeneration was seen in 1 . In somatosensory evoked potential test , one patient showed median nerve improvement . There was no interval change of MRI between baseline and 8 months post-transplantation . Four adverse events were observed in three patients : urinary tract infection , headache , nausea , and vomiting . Over the 8 months of follow-up , intrathecal transplantation of autologous ADMSCs for SCI was free of serious adverse events , and several patients showed mild improvements in neurological function .
To examine the safety and efficacy of single-dose spinal analgesia -LRB- intrathecal narcotics -LSB- ITN -RSB- -RRB- during labour . MEDLINE was searched and the references of 2 systematic reviews and a meta-analysis were reviewed to find articles on obstetric analgesia and pain measurement . The 33 articles selected included 14 studies , 1 meta-analysis , and 2 systematic reviews , all providing level I evidence . The literature supports use of ITN as a safe and effective alternative to epidural anesthesia . The recent decrease in rates of episiotomies and use of forceps during deliveries means patients require less dense perineal anesthesia . The advantage of single-dose ITN is that fewer physicians and nurses are needed to administer it even though its safety and effectiveness are comparable with other analgesics . Use of ITN is associated with a shorter first stage of labour and more rapid cervical dilation . A combination of 2.5 mg of bupivacaine , 25 microg of fentanyl , and 250 microg of morphine intrathecally usually provides a 4-hour window of acceptable analgesia for patients without complications not anticipating protracted labour . The evolution in dosing of ITN warrants a re-examination of its usefulness in modern obstetric practice . Physicians practising modern obstetrics in rural and small urban centres might find single-dose ITN a useful alternative to parenteral or epidural analgesia for appropriately selected patients . We have compared intrathecal bupivacaine 1.25 mg and fentanyl 25 micrograms -LRB- group A -RRB- with bupivacaine 2.5 mg and fentanyl 25 micrograms -LRB- group B -RRB- , for combined spinal-epidural analgesia in 49 labouring parturients in a prospective , randomized , double-blind study . Onset and quality of analgesia were similar in both groups , with median visual analogue scale pain scores of 0 achieved in 5-10 min . Median duration of analgesia was longer in group B -LRB- median 120 -LRB- range 90-120 -RRB- min -RRB- compared with group A -LRB- 75 -LRB- 75-105 -RRB- min -RRB- -LRB- P = 0.013 -RRB- . Median upper sensory level was higher in group B compared with group A at 15 min -LRB- T6-7 vs T11 , P = 0.003 -RRB- and at 30 min -LRB- T6 vs T11-12 ; P = 0.001 -RRB- . Motor block was greater in group B : seven patients had a modified Bromage score > or = 1 compared with none in group A at 15 min -LRB- P = 0.017 -RRB- . Group B also had a greater decrease in arterial pressure . Patient-midwife satisfaction scores and other side effects were similar . We conclude that intrathecal bupivacaine 1.25 mg with fentanyl 25 micrograms provided analgesia of similar onset and quality compared with bupivacaine 2.5 mg and fentanyl 25 micrograms . Although the duration of analgesia was shorter , the incidences of motor block and hypotension were less with the smaller dose . We investigated the duration of labor analgesia produced by a small dose of spinal bupivacaine/fentanyl alone or in combination with a small dose of morphine . Sixty parturients were enrolled in this placebo-controlled , double-blinded , randomized trial . All women received a spinal injection of 12.5 micro g of fentanyl with 2 mg of bupivacaine . The morphine group -LRB- MBF -RRB- also received 125 micro g of morphine ; the placebo group -LRB- BF -RRB- received saline . Pain scores were < 3 of 10 within 10 min of injection . Also , during the first 24 h postpartum , the MBF group required significantly fewer medications -LRB- 3.3 + / - 3.7 doses versus 4.7 + / - 3.5 doses ; P = 0.04 -RRB- . Intrathecal injection of this small dose of bupivacaine/fentanyl produced a rapid onset of labor analgesia ; the addition of a small dose of morphine did not significantly prolong analgesia , but it improved subsequent pain relief , as measured by the rate of breakthrough pain and postpartum medication requirements . This may provide a clinically useful means of improving intra - and postpartum pain relief . A small dose of intrathecal fentanyl 12.5 micro g and bupivacaine 2 mg produces effective labor analgesia lasting for approximately 85 min . The addition of a small 125 - micro g dose of morphine improves pain control during subsequent epidural analgesia and reduces the requirements for postpartum pain medications .
The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ezetimibe 10 mg added to atorvastatin 20 mg compared with doubling atorvastatin to 40 mg in patients with hypercholesterolemia at moderately high risk for coronary heart disease who did not reach low-density lipoprotein -LRB- LDL -RRB- cholesterol levels < 100 mg/dl with atorvastatin 20 mg . In this 6-week , multicenter , double-blind , randomized , parallel-group study , 196 patients treated with atorvastatin 20 mg received atorvastatin 20 mg plus ezetimibe 10 mg or atorvastatin 40 mg for 6 weeks . Adding ezetimibe 10 mg to atorvastatin 20 mg produced significantly greater reductions in LDL cholesterol than increasing atorvastatin to 40 mg -LRB- -31 % vs -11 % , p < 0.001 -RRB- . The 2 treatment groups had comparable results for high-density lipoprotein cholesterol , triglycerides , apolipoprotein A-I , and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein . The incidences of clinical and laboratory adverse experiences were generally similar between groups . In conclusion , the addition of ezetimibe 10 mg to atorvastatin 20 mg was generally well tolerated and resulted in significantly greater lipid-lowering efficacy compared with doubling atorvastatin to 40 mg in patients with hypercholesterolemia at moderately high risk for coronary heart disease .
Reports using computed tomography -LRB- CT -RRB- to estimate thigh skeletal muscle cross-sectional area and mean muscle attenuation are often difficult to evaluate due to inconsistent methods of quantification and/or poorly described analysis methods . This CT tutorial provides step-by-step instructions in using free , NIH Image J software to quantify both muscle size and composition in the mid-thigh , which was validated against a robust commercially available software , SliceOmatic . CT scans of the mid-thigh were analyzed from 101 healthy individuals aged 65 and older . Mean cross-sectional area and mean attenuation values are presented across seven defined Hounsfield unit -LRB- HU -RRB- ranges along with the percent contribution of each region to the total mid-thigh area . Inter-software correlation coefficients ranged from R2 = 0.92-0.99 for all specific area comparisons measured using the Image J method compared to SliceOmatic . We recommend reporting individual HU ranges for all areas measured . Although HU range 0-100 includes the majority of skeletal muscle area , HU range -29 to 150 appears to be the most inclusive for quantifying total thigh muscle . Trial Registration : ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02308228 . Macrophages have well-characterized roles in skeletal muscle repair and regeneration . Relatively little is known regarding the role of resident macrophages in skeletal muscle homeostasis , extracellular matrix remodeling , growth , metabolism and adaptation to various stimuli including exercise and training . Despite speculation into macrophage contributions during these processes , studies characterizing macrophages in non-injured muscle are limited and methods used to identify macrophages vary . A standardized method for the identification of human resident skeletal muscle macrophages will aide in the characterization of these immune cells and allow for the comparison of results across studies . Here , we present an immunohistochemistry -LRB- IHC -RRB- protocol , validated by flow cytometry , to distinctly identify resident human skeletal muscle macrophage populations . We show that CD11b and CD206 double IHC effectively identifies macrophages in human skeletal muscle . Furthermore , the majority of macrophages in non-injured human skeletal muscle show a ` mixed ' M1/M2 phenotype , expressing CD11b , CD14 , CD68 , CD86 and CD206 . A relatively small population of CD11b + / CD206 - macrophages are present in resting skeletal muscle . Changes in the relative abundance of this population may reflect important changes in the skeletal muscle environment . CD11b and CD206 IHC in muscle also reveals distinct morphological features of macrophages that may be related to the functional status of these cells .
Laparoscopic paraesophageal hernia repair -LRB- LPEHR -RRB- is associated with a high recurrence rate . Repair with synthetic mesh lowers recurrence but can cause dysphagia and visceral erosions . This trial was designed to study the value of a biologic prosthesis , small intestinal submucosa -LRB- SIS -RRB- , in LPEHR . Patients undergoing LPEHR -LRB- n = 108 -RRB- at 4 institutions were randomized to primary repair -1 degrees -LRB- n = 57 -RRB- or primary repair buttressed with SIS -LRB- n = 51 -RRB- using a standardized technique . The primary outcome measure was evidence of recurrent hernia -LRB- > or = 2 cm -RRB- on UGI , read by a study radiologist blinded to the randomization status , 6 months after operation . At 6 months , 99 -LRB- 93 % -RRB- patients completed clinical symptomatic follow-up and 95 -LRB- 90 % -RRB- patients had an UGI . The groups had similar clinical presentations -LRB- symptom profile , quality of life , type and size of hernia , esophageal length , and BMI -RRB- . Operative times -LRB- SIS 202 minutes vs. 1 degrees 183 minutes , P = 0.15 -RRB- and perioperative complications did not differ . There were no operations for recurrent hernia nor mesh-related complications . At 6 months , 4 patients -LRB- 9 % -RRB- developed a recurrent hernia > 2 cm in the SIS group and 12 patients -LRB- 24 % -RRB- in the 1 degrees group -LRB- P = 0.04 -RRB- . Patients with a recurrent hernia had more chest pain -LRB- 2.7 vs. 1.0 , P = 0.03 -RRB- and early satiety -LRB- 2.8 vs. 1.3 , P = 0.02 -RRB- and worse physical functioning -LRB- 63 vs. 72 , P = 0.03 per SF-36 -RRB- . Adding a biologic prosthesis during LPEHR reduces the likelihood of recurrence at 6 months , without mesh-related complications or side effects . It has been reported that the laparoscopic repair of paraesophageal hernias is associated with higher complication and recurrence rates than the open methods of repair . We identified 136 consecutive patients who underwent laparoscopic repair of a paraesophageal hernia between 1993 and 1999 . Patient demographics and symptom scores for regurgitation , heartburn , chest pain , and dysphagia at presentation and at last follow-up were recorded -LRB- 0 = none , 1 = mild , 2 = moderate , 3 = severe -RRB- . The operative records were reviewed , and early and late complications were noted . Only patients with a follow-up of > 1 were included in the analysis . The median age was 64 years , and there was a female preponderance -LRB- 1.8:1 -RRB- . Most patients had some medical comorbidity ; the American Society of Anesthesiologists -LRB- ASA -RRB- scores were < 2 in eight patients and ? 2 in 117 patients . Three laparoscopic operations were converted to open procedures . There were nine intraoperative complications , five early complications , and three related deaths -LRB- morbidity and mortality rates of 10.2 % and 2.2 % , respectively -RRB- . Follow-up data were available for 83 patients -LRB- 66 % -RRB- , and the mean follow-up time was 40 months -LRB- range , 12-82 -RRB- . The percentage of patients experiencing chest pain , dysphagia , heartburn , and regurgitation in the moderate to severe range dropped from a range of 34-47 % to 5-7 % -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . Three patients underwent repeat laparoscopic repair for symptomatic recurrence . The laparoscopic repair of paraesophageal hernias provides excellent long-term symptomatic relief in the majority of patients and has a low rate of symptomatic recurrence . The complication and death rates may be related in part to the higher incidence of comorbidities in this somewhat elderly patient population .
Ventilator-associated pneumonia -LRB- VAP -RRB- is the most common infection in intubated critically ill patients . Microaspiration of the contaminated gastric and oropharyngeal secretions is the main mechanism involved in the pathophysiology of VAP . Previous in vitro studies suggested that conical cuff shape might be helpful in improving tracheal sealing . However , clinical studies found conflicting results . The aim of this study is to determine the impact of conical tracheal cuff shape on the microaspiration of gastric contents in critically ill patients . This prospective cluster randomized controlled crossover open-label trial is currently being conducted in ten French intensive care units -LRB- ICUs -RRB- . Patients are allocated to intubation with a polyvinyl chloride -LRB- PVC -RRB- standard -LRB- barrel -RRB- - shaped or a PVC conical-shaped tracheal tube . Secondary outcomes include the incidence of microaspiration of oropharyngeal secretions , tracheobronchial colonization , VAP and ventilator-associated events . Abundant microaspiration is defined as the presence of pepsin at significant level -LRB- > 200 ng/ml -RRB- in at least 30 % of the tracheal aspirates . Pepsin and amylase are quantitatively measured in all tracheal aspirates during the 48 h following inclusion . Quantitative tracheal aspirate culture is performed at inclusion and twice weekly . We plan to recruit 312 patients in the participating ICUs . BEST Cuff is the first randomized controlled study evaluating the impact of PVC tracheal-cuff shape on gastric microaspirations in patients receiving invasive mechanical ventilation . Enrollment began in June 2014 and is expected to end in October 2015 . ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier : NCT01948635 -LRB- registered 31 August 2013 -RRB- .
Preclinical data demonstrate enhanced antitumor effect when lumiliximab , an anti-CD23 monoclonal antibody , is combined with fludarabine or rituximab . Clinical data from a phase 1 trial with lumiliximab demonstrated an acceptable toxicity profile in patients with relapsed or refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia -LRB- CLL -RRB- . We therefore pursued a phase 1/2 dose-escalation study of lumiliximab added to fludarabine , cyclophosphamide , and rituximab -LRB- FCR -RRB- in previously treated CLL patients . Thirty-one patients received either 375 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- n = 3 -RRB- or 500 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- n = 28 -RRB- of lumiliximab in combination with FCR for 6 cycles . The toxicity profile was similar to that previously reported for FCR in treatment of relapsed CLL . The overall response rate was 65 % , with 52 % of patients achieving a complete response -LRB- CR -RRB- , which compares favorably with the CR rate previously reported for the FCR regimen alone in relapsed CLL . The estimated median progression-free survival for all responders was 28.7 months . The addition of lumiliximab to FCR therapy is feasible , achieves a high CR rate , and does not appear to enhance toxicity in previously treated patients with CLL . A randomized trial comparing lumiliximab plus FCR with FCR alone is underway to define the benefit of this combination in relapsed CLL . This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00103558 . We conducted a phase 1 , dose escalation and schedule optimization study of the primatized anti-CD23 antibody , lumiliximab , in patients with previously treated and refractory CLL . Forty-six patients were assigned sequentially to cohorts 1 through 6 and received lumiliximab at 125 , 250 , or 375 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- weekly for 4 weeks ; 500 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- weekly for 4 weeks -LSB- 500 -LRB- A -RRB- -RSB- ; 500 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- thrice during week 1 then 500 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- weekly for the next 3 weeks -LSB- 500 -LRB- B -RRB- -RSB- ; or 500 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- thrice a week for 4 weeks -LSB- 500 -LRB- C -RRB- -RSB- , respectively . The median age was 62 years -LRB- range , 47-80 -RRB- , and the median number of prior regimens was four -LRB- range , 1-13 -RRB- . No partial or complete responses were observed . Toxicity was limited and unrelated to dose . Saturation of CD23 receptors occurred at 250 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- and was maintained for > or = 1 week following completion of therapy at > or = 375 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Treatment with lumiliximab seemed to be well tolerated and to have clinical activity in patients with relapsed or refractory CLL .
Melasma is a common disorder of facial hyperpigmentation that is often resistant to treatment . To evaluate the efficacy of trichloroacetic acid -LRB- TCA -RRB- peeling in comparison with double frequency Q-switched neodymium-doped : yttrium aluminum garnet -LRB- QS-Nd : YAG -RRB- laser in the treatment of melasma . Sixty-five adult Egyptian female patients with melasma were enrolled in this study . Wood light was used for determination of the histological type of melasma . The patients were divided into 4 groups according to treatment modalities : peeling with different concentrations of TCA and double frequency QS-Nd : YAG laser . Trichloroacetic acid peeling was performed every 2 weeks up to 8 sessions , whereas laser treatment was performed every month up to 6 sessions . Melasma area and severity index -LRB- MASI -RRB- score was used before and after treatment for evaluation . Improvement percentage of MASI score was significantly higher among patients treated with TCA 25 % -LRB- p < .001 -RRB- . Epidermal type of melasma was significantly improved compared with the dermal type -LRB- p = .0029 -RRB- . Q-switched neodymium-doped : yttrium aluminum garnet laser showed the highest incidence of postinflammatory hyperpigmentation -LRB- 53.3 % -RRB- . Trichloroacetic acid peeling is effective in the treatment of melasma , TCA 25 % was the most effective concentration . Q-switched neodymium-doped : yttrium aluminum garnet laser is not recommended in the treatment of melasma because it was associated with the highest incidence of complications . Melasma is a difficult entity to treat . Topical creams or chemical peels offer some success , and the newer fractional lasers have also been proposed to be useful . This three-armed study compares topical creams , CO2 ablative fractional resurfacing and the combination of both modalities . Subjective patient and clinician assessments based on melasma area severity index -LRB- MASI -RRB- scores were made at baseline , one , two , six and 12 months , and the satisfaction index -LRB- SI -RRB- and overall efficacy calculated . All patients completed the study . The SI and overall efficacy in groups A , B and C were 100 % at one month in all groups but progressively decreased in further assessments except for group C in which better scores were maintained throughout . MASI scores for group C were statistically significantly improved compared to A and B at six and 12 months -LRB- P < 0.001 for both -RRB- . The fractional CO2 laser and topical cream regimen produced good , well-maintained results in melasma treatment compared with the monotherapy groups . Various laser treatments are currently available for melasma but their use remains challenging because of potential side effects . The aim of this randomized controlled study was to compare the efficacy and safety of low-fluence Q-switch 1,064 nm Nd : YAG and low-power fractional CO2 laser using a split-face design . A total of 40 female patients with symmetric melasma were enrolled to the study and each side of their face was randomly allocated to either low-fluence Q-switch 1,064 nm Nd : YAG or low-power fractional CO2 laser . Response to treatment was assessed using the Melanin Index -LRB- MI -RRB- score , modified Melasma Area and Severity Index -LRB- mMASI -RRB- score , and a subjective self-assessment method . At the 2-month follow-up visit , both sides of the face had statistically significant reductions in the MI and mMASI scores compared with the first visit -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . The differences between the mean MI and mMASI scores at baseline and at 2-month follow-up were compared between the two treatments and results showed that the reduction of MI and mMASI score in the fractional CO2 laser-treated side was significantly more than on the Q-switch 1,064 nm Nd : YAG laser-treated side -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . There were no significant adverse effects with either of the laser treatments . The present study shows that low-power fractional CO2 laser is safe and effective and can be considered as a valuable approach in the treatment of melasma .
To determine the probability of the incidence , intensity , duration and triggering of post-endodontic pain , considering factors related to the patient -LRB- age , gender , medical evaluation -RRB- and to the affected tooth -LRB- group , location , number of canals , pulp vitality , preoperative pain , periapical radiolucencies , previous emergency access , presence of occlusal contacts with antagonist -RRB- . A total of 500 one-visit root canal treatments -LRB- RCTs -RRB- were performed on patients referred to an endodontist . Shaping of root canals was performed manually with Gates-Glidden drills and K-Flexofiles , and apical patency was maintained with a size 10 file . A 5 % NaOCl solution was used for irrigation , and canals were filled with lateral compaction and AH-Plus sealer . Independent factors were recorded during the treatment , and characteristics of post-endodontic pain -LRB- incidence , intensity , type and duration -RRB- were later surveyed through questionnaires . Of the 500 questionnaires , 374 were properly returned and split in two groups for two different statistical purposes : 316 cases were used to adjust the logistic regression models to predict each characteristic of post-endodontic pain using predictive factors , and the remaining 58 cases were used to test the validity of each model . The predictive models showed that the incidence of post-endodontic pain was significantly lower when the treated tooth was not a molar -LRB- P = 0.003 -RRB- , demonstrated periapical radiolucencies -LRB- P = 0.003 -RRB- , had no history of previous pain -LRB- P = 0.006 -RRB- or emergency endodontic treatment -LRB- P = 0.045 -RRB- and had no occlusal contact -LRB- P < 0.0001 -RRB- . The probability of experiencing moderate or severe pain was higher with increasing age -LRB- P = 0.09 -RRB- and in mandibular teeth -LRB- P = 0.045 -RRB- . The probability of pain lasting more than 2 days was increased with age -LRB- P = 0.1 -RRB- and decreased in males -LRB- P = 0.007 -RRB- and when a radiolucent lesion was present on radiographs -LRB- P = 0.1 -RRB- . Predictive formulae for the incidence , the intensity and the duration of post-endodontic pain were generated and validated taking account of the interrelation of multiple concomitant clinical factors . A predictive model for triggering post-endodontic pain could not be established . Some patients experience severe pain following root canal therapy -LRB- RCT -RRB- despite advancements in care . We sought to identify factors , which can be measured preoperatively , that predict this negative outcome so that future research may focus on preemptive steps to reduce postoperative pain intensity . Sixty-two practitioners -LRB- 46 general dentists and 16 endodontists -RRB- who are members of the National Dental Practice-Based Research Network enrolled patients receiving RCT for this prospective observational study . Baseline data collected from patients and dentists were obtained before treatment . Severe postoperative pain was defined based on a rating of ≥ 7 on a scale from 0 -LRB- no pain -RRB- to 10 -LRB- pain as bad as can be -RRB- for the worst pain intensity experienced during the preceding week , and this was collected 1 wk after treatment . Multiple logistic regression analyses were used to develop and validate the model . A total of 708 patients were enrolled during a 6-m period . Pain intensity data were collected 1 wk postoperatively from 652 patients -LRB- 92.1 % -RRB- , with 19.5 % -LRB- n = 127 -RRB- reporting severe pain . In multivariable modeling , baseline factors predicting severe postoperative pain included current pain intensity -LRB- odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- , 1.15 ; 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 1.07 to 1.25 ; P = 0.0003 -RRB- , number of days in the past week that the subject was kept from their usual activities due to pain -LRB- OR , 1.32 ; 95 % CI , 1.13 to 1.55 ; P = 0.0005 -RRB- , pain made worse by stress -LRB- OR , 2.55 ; 95 % CI , 1.22 to 5.35 ; P = 0.0130 -RRB- , and a diagnosis of symptomatic apical periodontitis -LRB- OR , 1.63 ; 95 % CI , 1.01 to 2.64 ; P = 0.0452 -RRB- . Among the factors that did not contribute to predicting severe postoperative pain were the dentist 's specialty training , the patient 's age and sex , the type of tooth , the presence of swelling , or other pulpal and apical endodontic diagnoses . Factors measured preoperatively were found to predict severe postoperative pain following RCT . Practitioners could use this information to better inform patients about RCT outcomes and possibly use different treatment strategies to manage their patients -LRB- Clinicaltrials.gov NCT01201681 -RRB- . An essential feature of symptomatic periradicular inflammation is mechanical allodynia , defined as reduced mechanical pain thresholds . A previous study evaluating a new digital force transducer showed that it reliably measures mechanical pain thresholds of teeth with normal periradicular tissues . In this study , we tested the hypothesis that the force transducer quantitatively measures mechanical allodynia in teeth with acute periradicular periodontitis -LRB- APP -RRB- and detects the effects of local anesthetic injection . Mechanical pain thresholds were measured in patients -LRB- n = 30 -RRB- with irreversible pulpitis -LRB- IP -RRB- and APP and compared with their contralateral teeth . The results show that the mechanical pain thresholds of teeth with IP and APP were reduced by 77 % compared with contralateral control teeth . The administration of local anesthesia reversed the mechanical allodynia by 62 % , and significant sex-specific effects were observed . In addition , the normal teeth contralateral to the symptomatic teeth had lower mechanical thresholds than those observed in healthy volunteers , suggesting that central sensitization occurs during this type of odontalgia . Thus , we show that the mechanical pain thresholds are significantly reduced in teeth with IP and APP and that the force
To evaluate the effects of desiccating ocular surface stress on the expression of chemokines and their receptors by the corneal epithelium and conjunctiva of C57BL/6 and BALB/c mice . Experimental dry eye was created in C57BL/6 and BALB/c mice . The concentrations of macrophage inflammatory protein 1alpha -LRB- MIP-1alpha -RRB- , MIP-1beta , monokine induced by interferon -LRB- MIG -RRB- - gamma , and interferon-gamma-inducible protein -LRB- IP -RRB- -10 in the corneal epithelia and conjunctiva were measured by a multiplex immunobead assay . Expression of MIP-1alpha ; MIP-1beta ; regulated on activation , normal T-cell expressed and secreted -LRB- RANTES -RRB- , MIG , IP-10 ; monocyte chemoattractant protein -LRB- MCP -RRB- -3 ; eotaxin-1 ; CCR5 ; CXCR3 ; and CCR3 in the cornea and conjunctiva were evaluated by real-time PCR and immunostaining . Desiccating stress significantly increased concentrations of MIP-1alpha , MIP-1beta , IP-10 , and MIG proteins in the corneal epithelium and conjunctiva of C57BL/6 mice . Furthermore , it increased levels of MIP-1alpha , MIP-1beta , and CCR5 transcripts in the cornea and conjunctiva and RANTES , MIG , IP-10 , and CXCR3 transcripts in the conjunctiva of C57BL/6 mice . In contrast , levels of MCP-3 , eotaxin-1 , and CCR3 transcripts increased in both tissues of BALB/c mice . In situ immunodetection of chemokines and their receptors was similar to their pattern of gene expression . Specific patterns of Th-1 and -2 chemokines and their receptors are induced in the mouse ocular surface by desiccating stress in a strain-related fashion . Desiccating stress potently stimulates the expression of Th-1 cell-attracting chemokines and chemokine receptors on the ocular surface of C57BL/6 mice . The migration and infiltration of cells into the eye whether blood-borne leucocytes , endothelial or epithelial cells occurs in many ocular diseases . Dysregulation of this process is apparent in chronic inflammation , corneal graft rejection , allergic eye disease and other sight-threatening conditions . Under normal and inflammatory conditions , chemokines and their receptors are important contributors to cell migration . To date , 47 chemokines and 19 chemokine receptors have been identified and characterised . In recent years , investigations into the role of chemokines and their receptors in ocular disease have generated an increasing number of publications . In the eye , the best understood action of these molecules has arisen from the study of their ability to control the infiltration of leucocytes in uveitis . However , the involvement of chemokines in angiogenesis in several ocular conditions and in the survival of corneal transplants demonstrates the multifaceted nature of their effects . Interestingly , the constitutive expression of chemokines and their receptors in ocular tissues suggests that certain chemokines have a homeostatic function . In this review , we discuss the nature and function of chemokines in health and disease , and describe the role of chemokines in the pathogenesis of different ocular conditions . To compare epidermal growth factor -LRB- EGF -RRB- concentration in tear fluid and levels of inflammatory cytokines in the conjunctival epithelium of patients with Sjögren 's syndrome keratoconjunctivitis sicca with those of normal controls . ELISA was used to detect the concentration of EGF in tear fluid and interleukin 6 in lysates of conjunctival cytology specimens obtained from all subjects . The levels of RNA transcripts encoding inflammatory cytokines -LSB- interleukin 1alpha _ -LRB- IL-1alpha -RRB- , interleukin 6 -LRB- IL-6 -RRB- , interleukin 8 -LRB- IL-8 -RRB- , tumor necrosis factor alpha _ -LRB- TNF-alpha -RRB- , and transforming growth factor beta1 -LRB- TGF-beta1 -RRB- -RSB- as well as a housekeeping gene -LRB- G3PDH -RRB- were evaluated in conjunctival cytology specimens taken from all subjects by semiquantitative competitive reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction -LRB- RT-PCR -RRB- . Decreased tear fluid EGF concentration was noted in Sjögren 's syndrome patients -LRB- mean 0.68 + / - 0.59 ng/ml -RRB- compared to controls -LRB- mean 1.66 + / - 0.45 ng/ml , P = 0.004 -RRB- . The concentration of IL-6 protein was significantly higher in Sjögren 's syndrome conjunctiva samples -LRB- P = 0.012 -RRB- . Tear EGF concentration correlated with Schirmer 1 scores -LRB- rho 0.767 , P < 0.001 -RRB- , corneal fluorescein staining scores -LRB- rho -0.562 , P = 0.01 -RRB- , conjunctival goblet cell density -LRB- rho 0.661 , P = 0.001 -RRB- and the levels of IL-1alpha _ and IL-8 RNA in the conjunctival epithelium -LRB- rho -0.677 and -0.747 , respectively , P = 0.001 -RRB- . Both IL-1alpha _ and IL-8 RNA in the conjunctival epithelium increased as Schirmer 1 scores decreased -LRB- P < / = 0.001 -RRB- . IL-8 RNA level correlated with corneal fluorescein staining -LRB- rho 0.690 , P = 0.001 -RRB- and conjunctival goblet cell density -LRB- rho -0.767 , P < 0.001 -RRB- . A significant decrease in IL-8 RNA level , corresponding to improvement in irritation symptoms and ocular surface disease , was observed in six eyes after two weeks of topical corticosteroid therapy . The balance of cytokines in the tear fluid and conjunctival epithelium is altered in Sjögren 's syndrome . The severity of keratoconjunctivitis sicca in this condition increases as tear fluid EGF concentration decreases and levels of inflammatory cytokines in the conjunctival epithelium increase . These findings provide new insight into the pathogenesis of keratoconjunctivitis and provide potential targets for therapy .
Sentinel-lymph-node -LRB- SLN -RRB- resection seems to minimize systematic axillary-lymph-node dissection -LRB- sALND -RRB- side effects in operated breast cancer patients . We explored whether SLN resection achieves similar therapeutic outcomes as sALND but with fewer side effects . A randomized , controlled , open-label trial with parallel-group design compared sALND restricted to cases with positive SLN biopsy -LRB- test arm , n = 774 -RRB- versus SLN biopsy followed by sALND -LRB- control arm , n = 770 -RRB- . The five-year overall survivals in control and test arms were 96.42 and 95.64 % -LRB- P = 0.2925 -RRB- . Advanced age -LRB- HR 1.05 per additional year , CI -LSB- 1.03-1.08 -RSB- -RRB- , negative progesterone receptor -LRB- HR 2.17 -LSB- 1.35-3.45 -RSB- -RRB- , SLN metastasis -LRB- HR 1.69 -LSB- 1.03-2.79 -RSB- -RRB- , and only one SLN identification technique -LRB- HR 4.14 -LSB- 1.21-14.18 -RSB- -RRB- were associated with lower survival . Patients with ≥ 1 severe side effect at 1 month in control and test arms were 173/703 = 24.6 % -LSB- 21.5-28.0 % -RSB- and 91/693 = 13.1 % -LSB- 10.7-15.9 % -RSB- -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . The estimated sensitivity of SLN biopsy -LRB- control arm -RRB- was 145/178 = 81.5 % -LSB- 74.8-86.7 % -RSB- . Restricting ALND to cases with positive SLN biopsy does not affect the overall survival but reduces by 11.5 % -LSB- 7.5-15.6 % -RSB- -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- the risk of severe short-time side effects of sALND .
To investigate the safety of therapeutic tumor necrosis factor alpha -LRB- TNFalpha -RRB- blockade in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus -LRB- SLE -RRB- , in whom this proinflammatory cytokine is significantly increased and may be involved in the disease pathogenesis . In an open-label study , 6 patients with moderately active SLE -LRB- 4 with nephritis and 3 with arthritis refractory to other therapies -RRB- were given 4 300-mg doses of infliximab , a chimeric anti-TNFalpha antibody , in addition to immunosuppression with azathioprine or methotrexate . The only significant adverse events observed were urinary tract infection in 3 patients , 1 of which was accompanied by Escherichia coli bacteremia , and a prolonged febrile episode of putatively viral origin in 1 of them . These patients had similar infectious conditions in the past . In none of the patients was it necessary to terminate the treatment prematurely . Levels of antibodies to double-stranded DNA and cardiolipin increased in 4 patients each , but this was not associated with a decrease in serum complement levels , with vascular events , or with flares . In the 4 patients with lupus nephritis , proteinuria decreased significantly within 1 week after initiation of therapy and was diminished by > or = 60 % within 8 weeks , remaining at low levels until the end of the observation period -LRB- at least several months -RRB- . Infliximab did not lead to adverse events related to an increase in SLE activity , although autoantibodies to double-stranded DNA and cardiolipin increased , as expected .
The object was to study prospectively the results of a modified intravaginal slingplasty for the surgical treatment of female stress incontinence , carried out under local anesthesia as a day procedure . Seventy five patients with genuine stress incontinence were operated upon and followed for a 2-year period . All patients were diagnosed urodynamically to have genuine stress incontinence . Pad tests and quality of life assessments were carried out in all patients both pre - and postoperatively . There were no intra - or postoperative complications and 63 patients -LRB- 84 % -RRB- were completely cured throughout the 2-year follow-up period . Six patients -LRB- 8 % -RRB- were significantly improved , i.e. they did not loose urine apart from an occasional leakage during severe cold etc. . In the remaining 6 patients -LRB- 8 % -RRB- no improvement was seen . These failures were obvious at the first postoperative check-up after 2 months . Thus , there were no relapses after 2 months . All but 5 patients were able to void properly directly after surgery . These 5 needed an indwelling catheter during the night directly after the operation . All 75 patients were released from the hospital the same day or the day after surgery without catheterization . Mean sick leave was 10 days and mean operation time 22 minutes . No defect healing or rejection of the sling occurred . It is concluded that the procedure described is a promising new technique for the surgical treatment of female stress incontinence . Prospective long-term studies including more patients are in progress to establish the definitive place of this technique in the clinical routine . In the course of success of the original method a number of tension-free vaginal tapes flooded the market , varying in approach and material . These variations may strongly influence the safety , efficacy and long-term results of tension-free vaginal tape and its major modification , the transobturator technique . Therefore , it is the aim of this review to closely illuminate available materials and complications associated with this procedure . An extensive Medline search of the published literature up until 2006 on the subject of stress urinary incontinence was carried out . All sources identified were reviewed with particular attention to the method applied , the properties of the mesh materials and clinical complications . Apart from several technical variations , there are marked differences between the different vaginal sling materials , ranging from absorbable collagens over polypropylene to allografts . Although performed globally in substantial and increasing numbers , minimally invasive techniques for the surgical treatment of stress urinary incontinence are lacking sufficient safety data .
Male circumcision is defined as the surgical removal of all or part of the foreskin of the penis and may be practiced as part of a religious ritual , as a medical procedure , or as part of a traditional ritual performed as an initiation into manhood . Since the 1980s , over 30 observational studies have suggested a protective effect of male circumcision on HIV acquisition in heterosexual men . In 2002 , three randomised controlled trials to assess the efficacy of male circumcision for preventing HIV acquisition in men commenced in Africa . This review evaluates the results of these trials , which analysed the effectiveness and safety of male circumcision for preventing acquisition of HIV in heterosexual men . To assess the evidence of an interventional effect of male circumcision for preventing acquisition of HIV-1 and HIV-2 by men through heterosexual intercourse We formulated a comprehensive and exhaustive search strategy in an attempt to identify all relevant studies regardless of language or publication status -LRB- published , unpublished , in press , and in progress -RRB- . In June 2007 we searched the following electronic journal and trial databases : MEDLINE , EMBASE , and CENTRAL . We also searched the electronic conference databases NLM Gateway and AIDSearch and the trials registers ClinicalTrials.gov and Current Controlled Trials . We contacted researchers and relevant organizations and checked reference lists of all included studies . Randomised controlled trials of male circumcision versus no circumcision in HIV-negative heterosexual men with HIV incidence as the primary outcome . Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility , extracted data , and graded methodological quality . Data extraction and methodological quality were checked by a third author who resolved differences when these arose . Data were considered clinically homogeneous and meta-analyses and sensitivity analyses were performed . Three large RCTs of men from the general population were conducted in South Africa -LRB- N = 3 274 -RRB- , Uganda -LRB- N = 4 996 -RRB- and Kenya -LRB- N = 2 784 -RRB- between 2002 and 2006 . All three trials were stopped early due to significant findings at interim analyses . We combined the survival estimates for all three trials at 12 months and also at 21 or 24 months in a meta-analysis using available case analyses using the random effects model . The resultant incidence risk ratio -LRB- IRR -RRB- was 0.50 at 12 months with a 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- of 0.34 to 0.72 ; and 0.46 at 21 or 24 months -LRB- 95 % CI : 0.34 to 0.62 -RRB- . These IRRs can be interpreted as a relative risk reduction of acquiring HIV of 50 % at 12 months and 54 % at 21 or 24 months following circumcision . There was little statistical heterogeneity between the trial results -LRB- chi -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0.60 ; df = 2 ; p = 0.74 and chi -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 0.31 ; df = 2 ; p = 0.86 -RRB- with the degree of heterogeneity quantified by the I -LRB- 2 -RRB- at 0 % in both analyses . We investigated the sensitivity of the calculated IRRs and conducted meta-analyses of the reported IRRs , the reported per protocol IRRs , and reported full intention-to-treat analysis . The results obtained did not differ markedly from the available case meta-analysis , with circumcision displaying significant protective effects across all analyses.We conducted a meta-analysis of the secondary outcomes measuring sexual behaviour for the Kenyan and Ugandan trials and found no significant differences between circumcised and uncircumcised men . For the South African trial the mean number of sexual contacts at the 12-month visit was 5.9 in the circumcision group versus 5 in the control group , which was a statistically significant difference -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . No other significant differences were observed.Incidence of adverse events following the surgical circumcision procedure was low in all three trials.Reporting of methodological quality was variable across the three trials , but overall , the potential for significant biases affecting the trial results was judged to be low to moderate given the large sample sizes of the trials , the balance of possible confounding variables across randomised groups at baseline in all three trials , and the employment of acceptable statistical early stopping rules . There is strong evidence that medical male circumcision reduces the acquisition of HIV by heterosexual men by between 38 % and 66 % over 24 months . Incidence of adverse events is very low , indicating that male circumcision , when conducted under these conditions , is a safe procedure . Inclusion of male circumcision into current HIV prevention measures guidelines is warranted , with further research required to assess the feasibility , desirability , and cost-effectiveness of implementing the procedure within local contexts . Experts from UNAIDS , WHO , and the South African Centre for Epidemiological Modelling report their review of mathematical models estimating the impact of male circumcision on HIV incidence in high HIV prevalence settings . There is strong evidence showing that voluntary medical male circumcision -LRB- VMMC -RRB- reduces HIV incidence in men . To inform the VMMC policies and goals of 13 priority countries in eastern and southern Africa , we estimate the impact and cost of scaling up adult VMMC using updated , country-specific data . We use the Decision Makers ' Program Planning Tool -LRB- DMPPT -RRB- to model the impact and cost of scaling up adult VMMC in Botswana , Lesotho , Malawi , Mozambique , Namibia , Rwanda , South Africa , Swaziland , Tanzania , Uganda , Zambia , Zimbabwe , and Nyanza Province in Kenya . We use epidemiologic and demographic data from recent household surveys for each country . The cost of VMMC ranges from US$ 65.85 to US$ 95.15 per VMMC performed , based on a cost assessment of VMMC services aligned with the World Health Organization 's considerations of models
Combining histone deacetylase inhibitors and chemotherapy is synergistic . This phase I study combined escalating vorinostat doses with constant doses of carboplatin and gemcitabine for the treatment of recurrent platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer . The objectives of this study were to determine the maximally tolerated dose of this combination ; secondary objectives included preliminary response rate of this regimen and toxicity profile . Fifteen patients with relapsed ovarian cancer were enrolled into this phase I study . Doses of carboplatin and gemcitabine were AUC 4 on day 1 and 1000 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- on days 1 and 8 , respectively ; cycles were administered every 21 days . Vorinostat was tested using four different schedules . The first dose level -LRB- DL A -RRB- tested vorinostat as daily oral dosing from days 1 to 14 . DL B tested twice daily -LRB- BID -RRB- vorinostat dosing on days 1-3 and 8-10 . Toxicities were mostly hematologic . Seven patients were evaluable for RECIST assessment , and six of them had partial responses -LRB- PR -RRB- via RECIST . Combination of carboplatin , gemcitabine , and vorinostat has activity in relapsed platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer , but was difficult to combine because of hematologic toxicities in this phase I study . No maximally tolerated dose was found , and the study was terminated early .
Traditional approaches to mechanical ventilation use tidal volumes of 10 to 15 ml per kilogram of body weight and may cause stretch-induced lung injury in patients with acute lung injury and the acute respiratory distress syndrome . We therefore conducted a trial to determine whether ventilation with lower tidal volumes would improve the clinical outcomes in these patients . Patients with acute lung injury and the acute respiratory distress syndrome were enrolled in a multicenter , randomized trial . The trial compared traditional ventilation treatment , which involved an initial tidal volume of 12 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight and an airway pressure measured after a 0.5-second pause at the end of inspiration -LRB- plateau pressure -RRB- of 50 cm of water or less , with ventilation with a lower tidal volume , which involved an initial tidal volume of 6 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight and a plateau pressure of 30 cm of water or less . The primary outcomes were death before a patient was discharged home and was breathing without assistance and the number of days without ventilator use from day 1 to day 28 . The trial was stopped after the enrollment of 861 patients because mortality was lower in the group treated with lower tidal volumes than in the group treated with traditional tidal volumes -LRB- 31.0 percent vs. 39.8 percent , P = 0.007 -RRB- , and the number of days without ventilator use during the first 28 days after randomization was greater in this group -LRB- mean -LSB- + / - SD -RSB- , 12 + / -11 vs. 10 + / -11 ; P = 0.007 -RRB- . The mean tidal volumes on days 1 to 3 were 6.2 + / -0.8 and 11.8 + / -0.8 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- , respectively , and the mean plateau pressures were 25 + / -6 and 33 + / -8 cm of water -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- , respectively . In patients with acute lung injury and the acute respiratory distress syndrome , mechanical ventilation with a lower tidal volume than is traditionally used results in decreased mortality and increases the number of days without ventilator use . In patients undergoing mechanical ventilation for the acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- ARDS -RRB- , neuromuscular blocking agents may improve oxygenation and decrease ventilator-induced lung injury but may also cause muscle weakness . We evaluated clinical outcomes after 2 days of therapy with neuromuscular blocking agents in patients with early , severe ARDS . In this multicenter , double-blind trial , 340 patients presenting to the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- with an onset of severe ARDS within the previous 48 hours were randomly assigned to receive , for 48 hours , either cisatracurium besylate -LRB- 178 patients -RRB- or placebo -LRB- 162 patients -RRB- . Severe ARDS was defined as a ratio of the partial pressure of arterial oxygen -LRB- PaO2 -RRB- to the fraction of inspired oxygen -LRB- FIO2 -RRB- of less than 150 , with a positive end-expiratory pressure of 5 cm or more of water and a tidal volume of 6 to 8 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight . The primary outcome was the proportion of patients who died either before hospital discharge or within 90 days after study enrollment -LRB- i.e. , the 90-day in-hospital mortality rate -RRB- , adjusted for predefined covariates and baseline differences between groups with the use of a Cox model . The hazard ratio for death at 90 days in the cisatracurium group , as compared with the placebo group , was 0.68 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 0.48 to 0.98 ; P = 0.04 -RRB- , after adjustment for both the baseline PaO2 : FIO2 and plateau pressure and the Simplified Acute Physiology II score . The crude 90-day mortality was 31.6 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 25.2 to 38.8 -RRB- in the cisatracurium group and 40.7 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 33.5 to 48.4 -RRB- in the placebo group -LRB- P = 0.08 -RRB- . Mortality at 28 days was 23.7 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 18.1 to 30.5 -RRB- with cisatracurium and 33.3 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 26.5 to 40.9 -RRB- with placebo -LRB- P = 0.05 -RRB- . The rate of ICU-acquired paresis did not differ significantly between the two groups . In patients with severe ARDS , early administration of a neuromuscular blocking agent improved the adjusted 90-day survival and increased the time off the ventilator without increasing muscle weakness . -LRB- Funded by Assistance Publique-Hôpitaux de Marseille and the Programme Hospitalier de Recherche Clinique Régional 2004-26 of the French Ministry of Health ; ClinicalTrials.gov number , NCT00299650 . -RRB- Previous trials involving patients with the acute respiratory distress syndrome -LRB- ARDS -RRB- have failed to show a beneficial effect of prone positioning during mechanical ventilatory support on outcomes . We evaluated the effect of early application of prone positioning on outcomes in patients with severe ARDS . In this multicenter , prospective , randomized , controlled trial , we randomly assigned 466 patients with severe ARDS to undergo prone-positioning sessions of at least 16 hours or to be left in the supine position . Severe ARDS was defined as a ratio of the partial pressure of arterial oxygen to the fraction of inspired oxygen -LRB- FiO2 -RRB- of less than 150 mm Hg , with an FiO2 of at least 0.6 , a positive end-expiratory pressure of at least 5 cm of water , and a tidal volume close to 6 ml per kilogram of predicted body weight . The primary outcome was the proportion of patients who died from any cause within 28 days after inclusion . A total of 237 patients were assigned to the prone group , and 229 patients were assigned to the supine group . The 28-day mortality was
The primary purpose of this article is to summarize the recent investigations dealing with the pharmacology and toxicology of meso-2,3-dimercaptosuccinic acid , an orally effective chelating agent . The need for a better chelating agent for treating young children and pregnant women with lead intoxication has been apparent for some time . Preclinical and clinical evidence now indicate that meso-2,3-dimercaptosuccinic acid , an Orphan Drug , shows the most promise for being effective in this regard . It has an extracellular distribution that may be responsible for its low toxicity compared to other dithiols . No attempt has been made to compare it in a rigorous and thorough manner with other chelating agents . That has not been the purpose of this review . The advantages of meso-DMSA , however , compared to CaNa2EDTA for the treatment of lead intoxication , have been outlined . Significant advances have been made recently in elucidating the structures of the metal chelates of DMSA . There is a striking difference between the structures of the lead chelate of meso-DMSA and those of racemic-DMSA . The former chelates by coordination of one sulfur and one oxygen atom with Pb . The latter can form chelates via the two sulfur atoms or via one oxygen and one sulfur atom . Solubility of the lead chelates depends on the ionization of the noncoordinated thiol and carboxylic acid groups . Bimane derivatization , HPLC , and fluorescence , as well as gas chromatography can be used for analysis of DMSA in biological fluids . The acid dissociation constants for meso - and racemic-DMSA have been summarized from the literature as have the formation constants of some of the DMSA chelates . DMSA is biotransformed to a mixed disulfide in humans . By 14 hr after DMSA administration -LRB- 10 mg/kg -RRB- , only 2.5 % of the administered DMSA is excreted in the urine as unaltered DMSA and 18.1 % of the dose is found in the urine as altered forms of DMSA . Most altered DMSA in the urine is in the form of a mixed disulfide . It consists of DMSA in disulfide linkages with two molecules of L-cysteine . One molecule of cysteine is attached to each of the sulfur atoms of DMSA . The remaining 10 % of the altered DMSA was in the form of cyclic disulfides of DMSA . So far , the mixed disulfide has been found in human but not in rabbit , mouse , or rat urine . Apparently there are species differences in how organisms metabolize meso-DMSA . -LRB- ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS -RRB- Recent epidemiological studies suggest that autism may affect 1 in 150 US children . Exposure to mercury can cause immune , sensory , neurological , motor , and behavioral dysfunctions similar to traits defining or associated with autism , and the similarities extend to neuroanatomy , neurotransmitters , and biochemistry . Thimerosal , a preservative added to many vaccines , has become a major source of mercury in children who , within their first two years , may have received a quantity of mercury that exceeds safety guidelines . A review of medical literature and US government data suggests that : -LRB- i -RRB- many cases of idiopathic autism are induced by early mercury exposure from thimerosal ; -LRB- ii -RRB- this type of autism represents an unrecognized mercurial syndrome ; and -LRB- iii -RRB- genetic and non-genetic factors establish a predisposition whereby thimerosal 's adverse effects occur only in some children . To evaluate the safety and efficacy of meso-2,3-dimercaptosuccinic acid in the treatment of children with lead toxicity . This was an open-label study in 59 children 12-65-months old , with pretreatment whole-blood lead levels of 25-66 microg/dL , who received 116 , 26-28 day courses of oral dimer-captosuccinic acid , while residing either in the Pediatric Clinical Research Unit of the Johns Hopkins Hospital or in lead-safe housing during the outpatient portion of the study . All , who completed the study , showed sharp decreases in blood lead concentration during therapy , but 2-3 weeks following completion of drug therapy , blood lead concentration rebounded to an average of 58 % -LRB- 23 microg Pb/dL of whole blood -RRB- of their average pretreatment blood lead concentration -LRB- 40 microg Pb/dL of whole blood -RRB- . There were no adverse reactions attributable to dimercaptosuccinic acid ; however , 2 of the 59 patients were reexposed to defective lead paint and experienced sharp increases in blood lead concentration while on therapy . In one instance , the child 's blood lead concentration increased from 20 to 90 microg Pb/dL whole blood in 1 week . Dimercaptosuccinic acid is apparently safe and does mobilize lead into the urine , but not the essential metals , zinc and copper . Reexposure is always a danger ; therefore , all children , while on therapy , should be monitored for their blood lead concentration at weekly intervals during and immediately after therapy . No conclusions can be drawn from this study regarding long-term beneficial effects , if any , of this drug on late neurocognitive outcome .
To assess the efficacy and safety of sodium oxybate -LRB- SXB -RRB- in narcolepsy-cataplexy patients . Systematic review and meta-analysis . Adults with narcolepsy-cataplexy . SXB . Electronic databases -LRB- e.g. , MEDLINE -RRB- and references of included studies were searched to identify randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- assessing the efficacy and safety of SXB for patients with narcolepsy-cataplexy . Risk of bias was appraised using the Cochrane risk of bias tool . Meta-analysis was conducted in Review Manager Version 5 . Six RCTs and 5 companion reports were included after screening 14 full-text articles and 483 citations . All were private-industry funded . SXB -LRB- usually 9 g/night -RRB- was superior to placebo for reducing mean weekly cataplexy attacks -LRB- n = 2 RCTs , mean difference -LSB- MD -RSB- : -8.5 , 95 % CI : -15.3 , -1.6 -RRB- , increasing maintenance wakefulness test -LRB- MWT -RRB- -LRB- n = 2 , MD : 5.18 , 95 % CI : 2.59-7.78 -RRB- , reducing sleep attacks -LRB- n = 2 , MD : -9.65 , 95 % CI : -17.72 , -1.59 -RRB- , and increasing Clinical Global Impression scores -LRB- n = 3 , relative risk , RR : 2.42 , 95 % CI : 1.77-3.32 -RRB- . SXB did not significantly increase REM sleep versus placebo -LRB- n = 2 , MD : -0.49 , 95 % CI : -3.90 , 2.92 -RRB- . All meta-analyses had minimal statistical heterogeneity -LRB- p-value > 0.1 -RRB- . Narcolepsy patients on SXB have significant reductions in cataplexy and daytime sleepiness . SXB is well tolerated in patients with narcolepsy , and most adverse events were mild to moderate in severity . The existence of a specific synthesizing enzyme for gamma-hydroxybutyric acid in rat brain has recently been reported . Here , for the first time , we demonstrate the presence of a high affinity , apparently specific binding site for this compound in the same tissue . This binding does not require Na + and takes place optimally at pH 5.5 . The bound gamma-hydroxybutyric acid is not displacable by GABA or baclofen . We report here on some structurally related compounds of GHB with a similar or better binding capacity than GHB itself . The number of binding sites increases with age up to adulthood and differs depending on the brain region . In primary tissue cultures of pure chicken neurones and glia , gamma-hydroxybutyric acid binding occurs exclusively in the neuronal preparations . For six decades , the principal mode of action of antidepressant drugs is the inhibition of monoamine re-uptake from the synaptic cleft . Tricyclic antidepressants , selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors -LRB- SSRIs -RRB- and the new generation of dual antidepressants all exert their antidepressant effects by this mechanism . In the early days of the monoaminergic era , other efforts have been made to ameliorate the symptoms of depression by pharmacological means . The gamma-aminobutyric acid -LRB- GABA -RRB- system was and possibly still is one of the main alternative drug targets . Gammahydroxybutyrate -LRB- GHB -RRB- was developed as an orally active GABA analogue . It was tested in animal models of depression and human studies . The effects on sleep , agitation , anhedonia and depression were promising . However , the rise of benzodiazepines and tricyclic antidepressants brought GHB out of the scope of possible treatment alternatives . GHB is a GABA -LRB- B -RRB- and GHB receptor agonist with a unique spectrum of behavioural , neuroendocrine and sleep effects , and improves daytime sleepiness in various disorders such as narcolepsy , Parkinson 's disease and fibromyalgia . Although it was banned from the US market at the end of the 1990s because of its abuse and overdose potential , it later was approved for the treatment of narcolepsy . New research methods and an extended view on other neurotransmitter systems as possible treatment targets of antidepressant treatment brought GHB back to the scene . This article discusses the unique neurobiological effects of GHB , its misuse potential and possible role as a model substance for the development of novel pharmacological treatment strategies in depressive disorders . In the present study the actions of gamma-hydroxybutyric acid -LRB- GHBA -RRB- on dopaminergic neurons in the rat substantia nigra -LRB- SN -RRB- were pharmacologically analysed utilising extracellular single unit recording techniques . Intravenous administration of GHBA was associated with several effects on the neuronal activity of nigral dopamine -LRB- DA -RRB- neurons . Low doses -LRB- < 200 mg/kg -RRB- of GHBA produced a slight excitation of the neurons , concomitant with a regularized firing rhythm and lack of burst activity . In higher doses GHBA produced an even higher degree of regularization but , in contrast to low doses , an inhibition of firing rate . Administration of the GABAB-receptor agonist baclofen , in all essential respects , mimicked the effect of GHBA on the firing of nigral DA neurons . Both the regularization of the firing pattern and inhibition of firing rate produced by systemic administration of GHBA were antagonised by the GABAB-receptor antagonist CGP 35348 -LRB- 200 mg/kg , i.v. -RRB- . Our observations show that GHBA affects the firing pattern of nigral DA neurons in doses considerably lower than those required to inhibit the firing rate of the neurons . This action , as well as the decreased firing rate observed after high doses of GHBA , are mediated via activation of GABAB-receptors . A liquid formulation of sodium oxybate -LRB- Alcover -LRB- ® -RRB- -RRB- , the sodium salt of γ-hydroxybutyric acid -LRB- GHB -RRB- , is approved in Italy and Austria for use in alcohol withdrawal syndrome and for the maintenance of abstinence in alcohol dependence . This article reviews the efficacy and tolerability of sodium oxybate in alcohol withdrawal syndrome and in the maintenance of abstinence in alcohol dependence , as well as summarizing its pharmacological properties . Results of randomized controlled trials
Filgrastim prophylaxis lessens the occurrence of febrile neutropenia in patients with non-Hodgkin . s lymphoma -LRB- NHL -RRB- treated with chemotherapy , but differences in days of therapy and mode -LRB- primary or secondary -RRB- of prophylaxis may affect clinical outcomes . To describe the patterns of use of filgrastim prophylaxis , especially days of therapy and mode , and the possible associated incidence of febrile neutropenia in patients treated with cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin , vincristine , and prednisone -LRB- CHOP -RRB- chemotherapy . Using medical records from the Oncology Practice Pattern Study in patients treated between 1991 and 1999 at 12 sites in the United States , we studied patients with intermediate-grade NHL treated with first-line CHOP chemotherapy and prophylactic filgrastim . The number of days of prophylactic filgrastim use , mode of prophylaxis , and incidence of febrile neutropenia were evaluated . The cycles were stratified into 2 groups based on days of filgrastim prophylaxis -LRB- < 7 days -LSB- Group 1 -RSB- and > or = 7 days -LSB- Group 2 -RSB- -RRB- . One hundred seventy patients were treated with 652 cycles of CHOP chemotherapy with filgrastim prophylaxis . The mean days of filgrastim prophylaxis was 9.5 days -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 9.3-9.7 days -RRB- across all cycles , 4.7 days -LRB- 95 % CI , 4.5-5.0 days -RRB- across Group 1 cycles -LRB- n = 73 -RRB- , and 10.1 days -LRB- 95 % CI , 9.9-10.3 days -RRB- across Group 2 cycles -LRB- n = 579 -RRB- . Thirty-seven percent of patients were treated with primary prophylaxis ; 94 % of these patients . cycles were Group 2 cycles . The incidence of febrile neutropenia was 3.6 % and 7.7 % across cycles in patients receiving primary versus secondary prophylaxis , respectively . In patients treated with secondary prophylaxis , the incidence was 16.7 % and 6.1 % in Group 1 and Group 2 cycles , respectively . Multiple logistic regression modeling indicated that a lower risk of febrile neutropenia was associated with primary prophylaxis -LRB- mainly Group 2 -RRB- -LRB- odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- 0.3 ; 95 % CI , 0.1-0.6 -RRB- and secondary prophylaxis in Group 2 -LRB- OR 0.4 ; 95 % CI , 0.2-0.8 -RRB- , and lower body surface area was associated with a greater risk of febrile neutropenia -LRB- OR 1.8 ; 95 % CI , 1.1-3.0 -RRB- . Primary prophylaxis with filgrastim -LRB- mainly Group 2 -RRB- and secondary prophylaxis in Group 2 -LRB- mean 10.1 days -RRB- may be associated with a lower incidence of febrile neutropenia than secondary prophylaxis in Group 1 . Dose-dense and sequential administration of cytotoxic drugs are current approaches to improve outcomes in patients with early-stage breast cancer . This phase III study investigated 913 women with untreated operable breast cancer -LRB- T2-3 , N0-2 , M0 -RRB- randomly assigned to receive either doxorubicin 50 mg/m2 plus docetaxel 75 mg/m2 every 14 days for four cycles with filgrastim support -LRB- ADOC -RRB- , or doxorubicin 60 mg/m2 plus cyclophosphamide 600 mg/m2 every 21 days followed by docetaxel 100 mg/m2 every 21 days for four cycles each -LRB- AC-DOC -RRB- . The primary end point was the incidence of pathologic complete -LRB- invasive and noninvasive -RRB- response -LRB- pCR -RRB- in the breast and axillary nodes . Secondary end points were predictors for pCR , clinical response , rate of breast conservation , and safety . A pCR was achieved in 94 patients -LRB- 10.6 % -RRB- , but the likelihood was significantly greater with AC-DOC -LRB- 14.3 % ; n = 63 -RRB- than with ADOC -LRB- 7.0 % ; n = 31 -RRB- -LRB- odds ratio , 2.22 ; 90 % CI , 1.52 to 3.24 ; P < .001 -RRB- . Independent predictors of attaining a pCR included the use of sequential therapy , high tumor grade , and negative hormone receptor status . The response rates detected by palpation and by imaging were significantly higher with AC-DOC -LRB- 85.0 % and 78.6 % , respectively -RRB- than with ADOC -LRB- 75.2 % and 68.6 % , respectively ; both P values < .001 -RRB- . The rate of breast-conserving surgery was 63.4 % for AC-DOC and 58.1 % for ADOC -LRB- P = .05 -RRB- . Predominant grade 3/4 toxicities were leucopenia -LRB- AC-DOC , 74.2 % ; ADOC , 53.7 % -RRB- and neutropenia -LRB- AC-DOC , 66.4 % ; ADOC , 44.7 % -RRB- but were infrequently associated with fever -LRB- AC-DOC , 4.6 % ; ADOC , 3.1 % -RRB- . Sequential AC-DOC is more effective at inducing pCR than dose-dense ADOC as preoperative treatment for patients with operable breast cancer . In clinical trials in patients receiving myelosuppressive chemotherapy , 10-11 days of prophylaxis with filgrastim has been found to reduce the incidence of febrile neutropenia . To examine the relationship between duration of filgrastim prophylaxis and risk of hospitalization in patients receiving chemotherapy for non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma -LRB- NHL -RRB- , breast cancer , or lung cancer . Using a large , automated , US healthcare claims database , we identified all adults who received chemotherapy for NHL , breast cancer , or lung cancer between 1998 and 2002 . For these patients , we identified their first course of chemotherapy and each unique cycle within that course . We then focused attention on all patient cycles in which filgrastim was administered on or before cycle day 5 -LRB- filgrastim prophylaxis -RRB- . Pooling all such cycles , we examined the relationship between duration of filgrastim prophylaxis and risk of hospitalization for neutropenia or infection and risk of hospitalization for any reason , using generalized estimating equations . Mean + / - SD duration of filgrastim prophylaxis was 6.5 + / - 3.1 days across 332 cycles for 133 NHL patients , 6.1 + / - 2.9 days across 482 cycles for 205 breast cancer patients ,
Since the comprehensive recommendations for the management of acute promyelocytic leukemia -LRB- APL -RRB- reported in 2009 , several studies have provided important insights , particularly regarding the role of arsenic trioxide -LRB- ATO -RRB- in frontline therapy . Ten years later , a European LeukemiaNet expert panel has reviewed the recent advances in the management of APL in both frontline and relapse settings in order to develop updated evidence - and expert opinion-based recommendations on the management of this disease . Together with providing current indications on genetic diagnosis , modern risk-adapted frontline therapy , and salvage treatment , the review contains specific recommendations for the identification and management of the most important complications such as the bleeding disorder APL differentiation syndrome , QT prolongation , and other all - <i> trans </i> retinoic acid - and ATO-related toxicities , as well as recommendations for molecular assessment of the response to treatment . Finally , the approach to special situations is also discussed , including management of APL in children , elderly patients , and pregnant women . The most important challenges remaining in APL include early death , which still occurs before and during induction therapy , and optimizing treatment in patients with high-risk disease . Acute promyelocytic leukemia is a distinct subtype of acute myeloid leukemia . The disease is characterized by a chromosomal abnormality involving translocation between chromosomes 15 and 17 . Current therapy has advanced to include agents such as all - <i> trans </i> retinoic acid and arsenic trioxide , which have improved remission and survival rates . Induction , consolidation , and maintenance regimens have now been studied and are outlined . As patients affected can develop severe bleeding complications , rapid diagnosis and initiation of appropriate treatment are vital . During treatment , unique complications such as disseminated intravascular coagulation and differentiation syndrome can occur . Prompt recognition of complications is imperative . Perhaps the most important advance in this field is not the specific actions of all-trans-retinoic acid in acute promyelocytic leukemia , but rather the conclusive documentation of differentiation as a practical and consistently effective method of treating human cancer . As a drug , all-trans-retinoic acid has certain undesirable pharmacologic properties that might be overcome by the use of alternative retinoids , such as 9-cis-retinoic acid , that are equally active against acute promyelocytic leukemia cells in vitro . In addition to retinoids that selectively activate RARs or RXRs , other ligands of the steroid-thyroid receptor superfamily , such as vitamin D3 , glucocorticoids , and sex steroids also have cytodifferentiating actions in model systems . Numerous other agents can effect differentiation of neoplastic cells in such systems , including sodium butyrate , hexamethylene bisacetamide and its analogues , colony-stimulating factors , and interferons . Each of these compounds apparently acts through different pathways , and their activity may be greatly amplified when they are used in combination . Just as the practical usefulness of all-trans-retinoic acid in combination with conventional treatments continues to evolve , the use of differentiation agents in combination represents a novel and promising approach for oncologic therapy in the next decade . Although acute promyelocytic leukemia remains an `` orphan '' disease , its importance as a model for human neoplasia should not be minimized . The specific molecular lesion of acute promyelocytic leukemia is not shared by other cancers , but the physiologic actions of retinoids , their documented cytodifferentiating activity against a variety of human cancer cells in vitro , and their usefulness in cancer chemoprevention are clearly not mediated by identifiable mutations of retinoid receptors . The insights into transformation and leukemogenesis gained in acute promyelocytic leukemia may be a harbinger of further clinical applications and offer a glimpse into the next generation of cancer therapy . We designed a multicenter randomized trial comparing chemotherapy with daunorubicin-Ara C -LRB- chemotherapy group -RRB- and all transretinoic acid -LRB- ATRA -RRB- combined to the same chemotherapy -LRB- ATRA group -RRB- in newly diagnosed APL patients aged 65 years or less . The major endpoint of the study was event-free survival -LRB- EFS -RRB- -LRB- `` events '' being defined as failure to achieve complete remission -LSB- CR -RSB- , occurrence of relapse , or death in CR -RRB- . Early termination of the trial was decided after the first interim analysis , as EFS was significantly higher in the ATRA group . At the time , 101 patients had been randomized -LRB- 54 in the ATRA group and 47 in the chemotherapy group -RRB- . In the ATRA group , 49 -LRB- 91 % -RRB- patients achieved CR , 5 -LRB- 9 % -RRB- had early death , and 0 had resistant leukemia , compared with 38 -LRB- 81 % -RRB- , 4 -LRB- 8 % -RRB- , and 5 -LRB- 10 % -RRB- patients , respectively , in the chemotherapy group . The difference in CR rate between the two groups was not significant . The duration of coagulopathy was significantly reduced in the ATRA group , compared with the chemotherapy group . In the ATRA group , six patients relapsed after 7 to 15.5 months . In the chemotherapy group , 12 patients relapsed after 1 to 16 months , and 2 died in CR . Kaplan-Meier EFS was estimated at 79 % + / - 7 % and 50 % + / - 9 % at 12 months , respectively , in the ATRA and the chemotherapy group -LRB- P = .001 -RRB- . Kaplan-Meier estimate of relapse was 19 % + / - 8 % and 40 % + / - 12 % at 12 months -LRB- P = .005 -RRB- . In conclusion , ATRA followed by chemotherapy increases EFS in newly diagnosed APL . These results strongly suggest that ATRA should be incorporated in the front line therapy of newly diagnosed APL . A summary of main successes in the field of diagnosis and therapy of lymphogranulomatosis
Holmium-166 1 , 4 , 7 , 10-tetraazcyclododecane-1 , 4 , 7 , 10-tetramethylenephosphonate -LRB- 166Ho-DOTMP -RRB- is a radiotherapeutic that localizes specifically to the skeleton and can deliver high-dose radiation to the bone and bone marrow . In patients with multiple myeloma undergoing autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation two phase 1/2 dose-escalation studies of high-dose 166Ho-DOTMP plus melphalan were conducted . Patients received a 30 mCi -LRB- 1.110 Gbq -RRB- tracer dose of 166Ho-DOTMP to assess skeletal uptake and to calculate a patient-specific therapeutic dose to deliver a nominal radiation dose of 20 , 30 , or 40 Gy to the bone marrow . A total of 83 patients received a therapeutic dose of 166Ho-DOTMP followed by autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation 6 to 10 days later . Of the patients , 81 had rapid and sustained hematologic recovery , and 2 died from infection before day 60 . No grades 3 to 4 nonhematologic toxicities were reported within the first 60 days . There were 27 patients who experienced grades 2 to 3 hemorrhagic cystitis , only 1 of whom had received continuous bladder irrigation . Approximately 30 % of patients experienced grades 2 to 4 renal toxicity , usually at doses targeting more than 40 Gy to the bone marrow . Complete remission was achieved in 29 -LRB- 35 % -RRB- of evaluable patients . With a minimum follow-up of 23 months , the median survival had not been reached and the median event-free survival was 22 months . 166Ho-DOTMP is a promising therapy for patients with multiple myeloma and merits further evaluation .
Inadequate contraception is common among sexually active female adolescents , resulting in a high incidence of unwanted pregnancy . The authors were interested in comparing continuation rates for the different forms of hormonal contraception in this age group . A retrospective chart review . The setting was an urban clinic in a large Midwestern city . Participants were 64 % black , 34 % white , and the average age was 15.5 years -LRB- + / - 1.6 SD -RRB- , with implant users significantly older than oral contraceptive pill -LRB- OCP -RRB- users -LRB- P < .05 -RRB- . Interventions were self-selection to depo-medroxyprogesterone acetate -LRB- Depo-Provera ; DMPA -RRB- , levonorgestrel implants -LRB- Norplant -RRB- , or oral contraceptive pills -LRB- OCPs -RRB- . Previous pregnancy was significantly more prevalent in implant and DMPA users than in OCP users -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . Over 4 years of follow-up , continuation rates were significantly higher for implant users than for the other hormonal groups -LRB- P < .001 -RRB- . At 1 year , continuation rates were as follows : 82 % implants , 45 % DMPA , and 12 % OCPs . Combining these rates with those of the subsample who switched without interruption to another hormonal method , `` continued protection '' rates were much higher after 1 year : 96 % implants , 83 % DMPA , and 49 % OCPs . Calculations of contraceptive `` restarts , '' i.e. , hormonal method use in those who discontinued and then restarted after a gap of time , also increased to the prevalence of contraceptive protection . Continuation rates for levonorgestrel implants were significantly higher than those for DMPA and OCPs , the latter group having the lowest continuation rates . Factoring in switches and restarts to other hormonal methods further boosted the prevalence rates of contraceptive use in the adolescent population . Compliance difficulties are more common among oral contraceptive users than is generally appreciated . Inconsistent use and method discontinuation are estimated to account for approximately 20 % of the annual 3.5 million annual unintended pregnancies in the United States . In the past research focused on adolescents , for whom predictors of poor oral contraceptive compliance include multiple sex partners , low evaluation of personal health , low degree of concern about pregnancy , and previous abortion . More recent research confirms that compliance problems are common among all age groups , with 47 % of women missing > / = 1 pill per cycle and almost a quarter -LRB- 22 % -RRB- missing > / = 2 pills per cycle . Good compliance has been linked to patient satisfaction with the clinician , the absence of certain side effects , establishing a regular daily routine to take oral contraceptives , and reading information distributed with oral contraceptive packaging . Clinicians are the focal point for improving oral contraceptive compliance . They should focus counseling on the transience of most side effects , instructions on dealing with a missed pill , provision of a backup method , and establishment of a daily pill-taking routine . Easy-to-understand literature should be given to patients to take home . This open-label , randomized study compared the pharmacokinetics of ethinylestradiol -LRB- EE -RRB- from the contraceptive vaginal ring NuvaRing -LRB- 15 microg EE/day -RRB- , the transdermal patch -LRB- 20 microg EE/day -RRB- and a combined oral contraceptive -LRB- COC -RRB- containing 30 microg EE . After 2-8 weeks of synchronization by COC treatment , subjects were randomized to 21 days of treatment with NuvaRing , patch or COC . Analysis of area under the EE concentration-versus-time curve -LRB- AUC -RRB- during 21 days of treatment showed that exposure to EE in the NuvaRing group was 3.4 times lower than in the patch group -LRB- p < .05 -RRB- and 2.1 times lower than in the pill group -LRB- p < .05 -RRB- . Serum EE levels of subjects showed much lower variation with NuvaRing than with the patch or the COC . Thus , exposure to EE was significantly lower with NuvaRing than with the patch and pill methods , demonstrating that NuvaRing is a low-estrogen-dose contraceptive method that also results in low estrogen exposure . A large proportion of the millions of adolescents worldwide who are sexually active have sex without using modern contraceptives or protection against sexually transmitted infections -LRB- STI -RRB- . In many cases , this results in too-early -LRB- and often unwanted -RRB- pregnancies and STI , with negative consequences at different levels . Adolescents in general -- and unmarried adolescents in particular -- often find it difficult to obtain the contraceptives they need . Health workers are often unaware of the special needs of adolescents , and contraceptive services are only rarely provided in a manner that is accessible to adolescents . The World Health Organization stresses that age alone does not constitute a medical reason for denying any available contraceptive method to adolescents . However , it recommends that it is important for health workers to be well aware of the biomedical , psychological and social issues that affect how they can assist adolescents in making well-informed choices of contraceptive methods that suit their special needs , and in using the contraceptives , they choose in an effective manner . The acceptability of the combined contraceptive vaginal ring , NuvaRing , was assessed during two trials conducted in North America and Europe . Women completed a questionnaire about the ring 's clarity of instructions , ease of use , sexual comfort , cycle-related characteristics and satisfaction after 3 , 6 and 13 cycles of use . A total of 1,950 women -LRB- 82 % of those recruited -RRB- completed a questionnaire at cycle 3 . At baseline , 66 % of participants preferred oral contraceptives , but after three cycles of ring use 81 % preferred the ring . On study completion , 97 % agreed that the
In severe -LRB- Maddrey score > or = 32 -RRB- alcoholic hepatitis -LRB- AH -RRB- , infection is classically viewed as a contraindication for corticosteroids , although specific data are lacking . This study 's aims were -LRB- 1 -RRB- to evaluate the incidence of infection in patients with severe AH before and after corticosteroid treatment ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- to determine whether infection contraindicates corticosteroids ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- to focus on predictive factors of development of infection . At admission , systematic screening of infection consisted of chest x-ray and blood , ascites , and urinary cultures . All patients were treated with prednisolone . Response to steroids was defined using the Lille model . Two hundred forty-six patients with severe AH were prospectively included . Infections at admission were as follows : 63 infections -LRB- 25.6 % -RRB- were diagnosed : 28 -LRB- 44.4 % -RRB- spontaneous bacterial peritonitis or bacteremia , 8 -LRB- 12.7 % -RRB- pulmonary infections , 20 -LRB- 31.7 % -RRB- urinary tract infections , and 7 -LRB- 11.2 % -RRB- other infections . Patients infected before using corticosteroids had 2-month survival similar to that of others : 70.9 % + / - 6.1 % vs 71.6 % + / - 3.4 % , respectively , P = .99 . Development of infection after steroids : 57 patients -LRB- 23.7 % -RRB- developed infection : 16 -LRB- 28.1 % -RRB- spontaneous bacterial peritonitis or bacteremia , 23 -LRB- 40.3 % -RRB- pulmonary , 10 -LRB- 17.5 % -RRB- urinary tract , and 8 -LRB- 14.1 % -RRB- other infections . Infection occurred more frequently in nonresponders than in responders : 42.5 % vs 11.1 % , respectively , P < .000001 . In multivariate analysis , only the Lille model -LRB- P = .0002 -RRB- independently predicted infection upon steroids use . The Lille model -LRB- P = .000001 -RRB- and Model for End-Stage Liver Disease score -LRB- P = .006 -RRB- were independently associated with survival , whereas infection was not -LRB- P = .52 -RRB- . Severe AH is associated with high risk of infection . Infection screening is warranted but should not contraindicate steroids . In terms of mechanisms , nonresponse to steroids is the key factor in development of infection and prediction of survival . Early identification of patients with severe -LRB- discriminant function > or = 32 -RRB- alcoholic hepatitis -LRB- AH -RRB- not responding to corticosteroids is crucial . We generated a specific prognostic model -LRB- Lille model -RRB- to identify candidates early on for alternative therapies . Three hundred twenty patients with AH prospectively treated by corticosteroids were included in the development cohort and 118 in its validation . Baseline data and a change in bilirubin at day 7 were tested . The model was generated by logistic regression . The model combining six reproducible variables -LRB- age , renal insufficiency , albumin , prothrombin time , bilirubin , and evolution of bilirubin at day 7 -RRB- was highly predictive of death at 6 months -LRB- P < 0.000001 -RRB- . The area under the receiver operating characteristic -LRB- AUROC -RRB- curve of the Lille model was 0.89 + / - 0.02 , higher than the Child-Pugh -LRB- 0.62 + / - 0.04 , P < 0.00001 -RRB- or Maddrey scores -LRB- 0.66 + / - 0.04 , P < 0.00001 -RRB- . In the validation cohort , its AUROC was 0.85 + / - 0.04 , still higher than the other models , including MELD -LRB- 0.72 + / - 0.05 , P = 0.01 -RRB- and Glasgow scores -LRB- 0.67 + / - 0.05 , P = 0.0008 -RRB- . Patients above the ideal cutoff of 0.45 showed a marked decrease in 6-month survival as compared with others : 25 % + / - 3.8 % versus 85 % + / - 2.5 % , P < 0.0001 . This cutoff was able to identify approximately 75 % of the observed deaths . In the largest cohort to date of patients with severe AH , we demonstrate that the term `` nonresponder '' can now be extended to patients with a Lille score above 0.45 , which corresponds to 40 % of cases . Early identification of subjects with substantial risk of death according to the Lille model will improve management of patients suffering from severe AH and will aid in the design of future studies for alternative therapies . Early identification of patients with severe -LRB- discriminant function > or = 32 -RRB- biopsy-proven alcoholic hepatitis -LRB- AH -RRB- who are not responding to corticosteroids would be clinically relevant . Our goal was to develop simple criteria that will help physicians to promptly identify nonresponders to corticosteroids . A total of 238 patients were included . We used 6 months survival as an end point because of the rule requiring 6 months for listing alcoholic patients for transplantation . Overall survival at 1 and 6 months was 85 % + / - 2.3 % and 64.3 % + / - 3.3 % , respectively . An early change in bilirubin levels -LRB- ECBL -RRB- at 7 days -LRB- defined as bilirubin level at 7 days lower than bilirubin level on the first day of treatment -RRB- was observed in 73 % of patients . At 7 days , in patients with ECBL , bilirubin decreased -LRB- 84 + / - 75 micromol/L -LSB- 4.94 + / - 4.40 mg/dL -RSB- -RRB- , whereas it increased in patients without ECBL -LRB- 76.5 + / - 77 micromol/L -LSB- 4.50 + / - 4.54 mg/dL -RSB- , P < .0001 -RRB- . Ninety-five percent of patients with ECBL continued to have improved liver function during treatment . At 6 months , survival of patients with ECBL was significantly higher than that of patients without ECBL , 82.8 % + / - 3.3 % versus 23 % + / - 5.8 % , P <
However , poor glycemic control persisted in a minority of patients . The current exploratory trial investigated the efficacy and safety of intensifying IDegAsp BID treatment in these patients by either adding a once-daily -LRB- OD -RRB- bolus injection of insulin aspart -LRB- IAsp -RRB- or by switching to a basal-bolus regimen of insulin degludec -LRB- IDeg -RRB- plus IAsp taken three times a day -LRB- TID -RRB- . A 26-week , randomized , open-label , phase 3b , treat-to-target trial in which 40 patients with T2D who had not reached target HbA <sub> 1c </sub> ≤ 7.0 % following previous 26-week treatment intensification with IDegAsp BID ± 3 oral antidiabetic agents -LRB- OADs -RRB- were randomized -LRB- 1:1 -RRB- to receive IDegAsp BID + IAsp OD -LRB- n = 20 -RRB- or IDeg OD + IAsp TID -LRB- n = 20 -RRB- . Mean baseline HbA <sub> 1c </sub> was 7.9 % in the IDegAsp BID + IAsp OD group and 7.7 % in the IDeg OD + IAsp TID group . Few achieved HbA <sub> 1c </sub> < 7 % in IDegAsp BID + IAsp OD -LRB- four patients -RRB- and IDeg OD + IAsp TID groups -LRB- five patients -RRB- . When used as intensification regimens in patients who failed to achieve target HbA <sub> 1c </sub> during 26-week IDegAsp BID treatment , HbA <sub> 1c </sub> improvements were numerically greater with IDeg OD + IAsp TID compared with IDegAsp BID + IAsp OD . No new safety issues were identified . However , the small , selective sample means clinical generalizations should be made with caution . Novo Nordisk . CLINICALTRIALS . NCT01814137 .
Independently , endocrinology , radiology , and nuclear medicine can not optimally differentiate the etiology of the incidental adrenal mass . Rather , the insight necessary for this task must be contributed by all three disciplines . Incidentally discovered adrenal masses are being detected at an increasing rate . This trend is expected to continue based on the incidence of adrenal masses in autopsy series and the increasing use of high resolution abdominal imaging techniques . CT and MRI are able to definitely characterize only a minority of these lesions -LRB- simple cyst , myelolipoma , obvious local malignant invasion -RRB- . Biochemical screening for hormone excess is essential regardless of a nonsuggestive complete history and physical examination . In this setting , we believe that the functional and anatomical information provided by NP-59 and -LSB- 75Se -RSB- selenomethylnorcholesterol scintigraphy allows one to noninvasively , accurately , and less expensively -LRB- Table 9 -RRB- categorize adrenal masses as benign nonhypersecretory adenomas -LRB- the vast majority -RRB- vs. a possibly malignant lesion -LRB- the minority -RRB- . In the presence of normal biochemistry , a concordant NP-59 imaging pattern is diagnostic of a nonhypersecretory benign adrenal adenoma and requires no immediate therapeutic intervention . Conversely , patients with discordant patterns of NP-59 scintigraphy have lesions that carry a significant risk for malignancy , and the pursuit of a tissue diagnosis is indicated , usually by means of FNA . Normal adrenocortical tissue on cytological studies in this setting may represent inadvertent sampling of adjacent normal adrenocortical tissues or the presence of a well differentiated adrenocortical carcinoma . In patients with lesions larger than 2 cm in whom NP-59 scintigraphy is nonlateralizing , the possibility of a periadrenal or pseudoadrenal mass is likely and should prompt review , or perhaps even repeat , of high resolution adrenal imaging -LRB- occasionally angiography may be helpful -RRB- . In lesions shown to be 2 cm or less in size with a nonlateralizing NP-59-scan , there is a possibility of a periadrenal or pseudoadrenal mass ; however , once this is excluded it must be recognized that benign and malignant lesions , because of the limitations of scintigraphy , can not always be clearly distinguished by this method when masses are small . -LRB- ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS -RRB- To provide health care providers , patients , and the general public with a responsible assessment of currently available data regarding the management of clinically inapparent adrenal masses -LRB- `` incidentalomas '' -RRB- . A non-Federal , nonadvocate , 12-member panel representing the fields of medicine , surgery , endocrinology , pathology , biostatistics , epidemiology , radiology , oncology , and the public . In addition , experts in these same fields presented data to the panel and to a conference audience of approximately 300 . Presentations by experts ; a systematic review of the medical literature provided by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality ; and an extensive bibliography of incidentaloma research papers , prepared by the National Library of Medicine . Scientific evidence was given precedence over clinical anecdotal experience . Answering predefined questions , the panel drafted a statement based on the scientific evidence presented in open forum and the scientific literature . The draft statement was read in its entirety on the final day of the conference and circulated to the experts and the audience for comment . The panel then met in executive session to consider these comments and released a revised statement at the end of the conference . The statement was made available on the World Wide Web at http://consensus.nih.gov immediately after the conference . This statement is an independent report of the panel and is not a policy statement of the NIH or the Federal Government . The management of clinically inapparent adrenal masses is complicated by limited studies of incidence , prevalence , and natural history , including the psychologic impact on the patient who is informed of the diagnosis . Improvements in the resolution of abdominal imaging techniques combined with increased use of abdominal imaging suggest that the prevalence of clinically inapparent adrenal masses will continue to escalate . The low prevalence of adrenal cortical carcinomas and the relatively low incidence of progression to hyperfunction call into question the advisability of the current practice of intense , long-term clinical followup of this common condition . All patients with an incidentaloma should have a 1-mg dexamethasone suppression test and a measurement of plasma-free metanephrines . Patients with hypertension should also undergo measurement of serum potassium and plasma aldosterone concentration/plasma renin activity ratio . A homogeneous mass with a low attenuation value -LRB- less than 10 HU -RRB- on CT scan is likely a benign adenoma . Surgery should be considered in all patients with functional adrenal cortical tumors that are clinically apparent . All patients with biochemical evidence of pheochromocytoma should undergo surgery . Data are insufficient to indicate the superiority of a surgical or nonsurgical approach to manage patients with subclinical hyperfunctioning adrenal cortical adenomas . Recommendations for surgery based upon tumor size are derived from studies not standardized for inclusion criteria , length of followup , or methods of estimating the risk of carcinoma . Nevertheless , patients with tumors greater than 6 cm usually are treated surgically , while those with tumors less than 4 cm are generally monitored . In patients with tumors between 4 and 6 cm , criteria in addition to size should be considered in making the decision to monitor or proceed to adrenalectomy . The literature on adrenal incidentaloma has proliferated in the last several years . Unfortunately , the lack of controlled studies makes formulating diagnostic and treatment strategies difficult . Because of the complexity of the problem , the management of patients with adrenal incidentalomas will be optimized by a multidisciplinary team approach involving physicians with expertise in endocrinology , radiology , surgery , and pathology . The paucity of evidence-based data highlights the
This study compares the health information and media usage patterns of older adults diagnosed with cancer with their younger adult counterparts and is based theoretically in media complementarity theory -LSB- Dutta-Bergman MJ . Complementarity in consumption of news types across traditional and new media . J Broadcast Electron 2004 ; 48:41-60 ; Dutta-Bergman MJ . Interpersonal communication after 9/11 via telephone and Internet : a theory of channel complementarity . New Media Soc 2004 ; 6:659-73 -RSB- and health information seeking and scanning research -LSB- Shim M , Kelly B , Hornik R. Cancer information scanning and seeking behavior is associated with knowledge , lifestyle choices , and screening . J Health Commun 2006 ; 11:157-72 -RSB- . A secondary analysis of the Health Information National Trends Survey -LRB- HINTS -RRB- II data collected by the National Cancer Institute -LRB- NCI -RRB- is performed to investigate differences in the health information behavior of younger and older adult cancer patients . The sample size was 401 , with 260 non-senior cancer patients and 141 senior cancer patients . Younger adults diagnosed with cancer were more likely to gain information about health incidentally through their use of the Internet and to seek health information for others on the Internet than senior cancer patients . Complementarity of active health information seeking and incidental health information use online was supported with senior cancer patients , while complementarity of incidental health information use between traditional media channels and the Internet was partially confirmed with younger adults . This study reveals similarities and differences in the health information and media usage behavior of younger and older adults diagnosed with cancer . It also provides partial support for media complementarity theory . The Internet is not a panacea for health information . Health professionals need to provide written instructions to older adult cancer patients because they do not rely on the Internet for information about their illness and/or treatment . A touch screen-enabled `` Personal Education Program '' was modified to the `` next generation '' to capture self-medication behaviors of older adults with hypertension and assess related knowledge and self-efficacy . The program analyzes patient-entered information and delivers interactive educational content tailored to the reported behaviors . Summaries of self-reported symptoms , medication use -LRB- including frequency/time -RRB- , drug interactions , and corrective strategies with an illustration of the drug interaction are printed to inform the provider before the primary care visit and for the patient to take home for self-study . After formative research during development and formal diagnostic and verification usability studies with advanced practice nurses and older adults , a beta test was conducted with older adults with hypertension over a 3-month period . Findings from the beta test suggest that older adult user satisfaction was high . Blood pressure declined over the four visits for 82 % of the participants . The next generation of the Personal Education Program had a large effect size in increasing knowledge and self-efficacy for avoiding adverse self-medication behaviors . Behavior risk score did not change significantly but was significantly correlated with systolic blood pressure on the fourth visit . The positive results found in this small sample suggest that the next generation of the Personal Education Program could play a central role in facilitating patient-provider communication and medication adherence . We reviewed the evidence on the barriers and drivers to the use of interactive consumer health information technology -LRB- health IT -RRB- by specific populations , namely the elderly , those with chronic conditions or disabilities , and the underserved . We searched MEDLINE , CINHAHL , PsycINFO the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register and Database of Systematic Reviews , ERIC , and the American Association of Retired Persons -LRB- AARP -RRB- AgeLine databases . We focused on literature 1990 to present . We included studies of all designs that described the direct use of interactive consumer health IT by at least one of the populations of interest . We then assessed the quality and abstracted and summarized data from these studies with regard to the level of use , the usefulness and usability , the barriers and drivers of use , and the effectiveness of the interactive consumer health IT applications . We identified and reviewed 563 full-text articles and included 129 articles for abstraction . Few of the studies were specifically designed to compare the elderly , chronically ill , or underserved with the general population . We did find that several types of interactive consumer health IT were usable and effective in multiple settings and with all of our populations of interest . Of the studies that reported the impact of interactive consumer health IT on health outcomes , a consistent finding of our review was that these systems tended to have a positive effect when they provided a complete feedback loop that included : Monitoring of current patient status . Interpretation of this data in light of established , often individualized , treatment goals . Adjustment of the management plan as needed . Communication back to the patient with tailored recommendations or advice . Repetition of this cycle at appropriate intervals . Systems that provided only one or a subset of these functions were less consistently effective . The barriers and drivers to use were most often reported as secondary outcomes . Many studies were hampered by usability problems and unreliable technology , primarily due to the research being performed on early stage system prototypes . However , the most common factor influencing the successful use of the interactive technology by these specific populations was that the consumers ' perceived a benefit from using the system . Convenience was an important factor . It was critical that data entry not be cumbersome and that the intervention fit into the user 's daily routine . Usage was more successful if the intervention could be delivered on technology consumers used every day for other purposes . Finally , rapid and frequent interactions from a
To evaluate mediastinal nodal clearance -LRB- MNC -RRB- rates after induction chemotherapy and concurrent , full-dose radiation therapy -LRB- RT -RRB- in a phase II trimodality trial -LRB- Radiation Therapy Oncology Group protocol 0229 -RRB- . Patients -LRB- n = 57 -RRB- with stage III non-small cell lung cancer -LRB- pathologically proven N2 or N3 -RRB- were eligible . Induction chemotherapy consisted of weekly carboplatin -LRB- AUC = 2.0 -RRB- and paclitaxel 50 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Concurrent RT was prescribed , with 50.4 Gy to the mediastinum and primary tumor and a boost of 10.8 Gy to all gross disease . The mediastinum was pathologically reassessed after completion of chemoradiation . The primary endpoint of the study was MNC , with secondary endpoints of 2-year overall survival and postoperative morbidity/mortality . The grade 3/4 toxicities included hematologic 35 % , gastrointestinal 14 % , and pulmonary 23 % . Forty-three patients -LRB- 75 % -RRB- were evaluable for the primary endpoint . Thirty-seven patients underwent resection . There was a 14 % incidence of grade 3 postoperative pulmonary complications and 1 30-day , postoperative grade 5 toxicity -LRB- 3 % -RRB- . The 2-year overall survival rate was 75 % for those who achieved nodal clearance , 52 % for those with residual nodal disease , and 23 % for those who were not evaluable for the primary endpoint -LRB- P = .0002 -RRB- . This multi-institutional trial confirms the ability of neoadjuvant concurrent chemoradiation with full-dose RT to sterilize known mediastinal nodal disease .
The median survival of patients with myeloma after conventional chemotherapy is three years or less . Promising results have been reported with high-dose therapy supported by autologous bone marrow transplantation . We conducted a randomized study comparing conventional chemotherapy and high-dose therapy . Two hundred previously untreated patients under the age of 65 years who had myeloma were randomly assigned at the time of diagnosis to receive either conventional chemotherapy or high-dose therapy and autologous bone marrow transplantation . The response rate among the patients who received high-dose therapy was 81 percent -LRB- including complete responses in 22 percent and very good partial responses in 16 percent -RRB- , whereas it was 57 percent -LRB- complete responses in 5 percent and very good partial responses in 9 percent -RRB- in the group treated with conventional chemotherapy -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . The probability of event-free survival for five years was 28 percent in the high-dose group and 10 percent in the conventional-dose group -LRB- P = 0.01 -RRB- ; the overall estimated rate of survival for five years was 52 percent in the high-dose group and 12 percent in the conventional-dose group -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- . Treatment-related mortality was similar in the two groups . High-dose therapy combined with transplantation improves the response rate , eventfree survival , and overall survival in patients with myeloma . High-dose therapy has become a common treatment for myeloma . The objective of this study -LRB- Intergroupe Francophone du Myélome -LSB- IFM -RSB- 9502 trial -RRB- was to compare in a prospective and randomized trial the 2 most widely used conditioning regimens before autologous stem cell transplantation in newly diagnosed symptomatic patients younger than 65 years old : 8 Gy total body irradiation plus 140 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- melphalan -LRB- arm A -RRB- versus 200 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- melphalan -LRB- arm B -RRB- . A total of 282 evaluable patients were compared -- 140 in arm A and 142 in arm B. Baseline characteristics and disease response to 4 cycles of the VAD regimen performed before randomization and autologous stem cell transplantation were identical in the 2 treatment arms . In arm B , hematologic recovery was significantly faster for both the duration of neutropenia and thrombocytopenia , transfusion requirements were also significantly lower , and the median duration of hospitalization was significantly shorter . In arm A , the incidence of severe mucositis was significantly increased . The median duration of event-free survival was similar in both arms -LRB- 21 vs 20.5 months , P = .6 -RRB- , but the 45-month survival was 65.8 % in arm B versus 45.5 % in arm A -LRB- P = .05 -RRB- . This difference might be attributed in part to better salvage regimens after relapse in arm B compared with arm A . We conclude that 200 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- melphalan is a less toxic and at least as effective conditioning regimen when compared with 8 Gy total body irradiation with 140 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- melphalan . This regimen should be considered as the standard of care before autologous stem cell transplantation in multiple myeloma . Many agents are active in multiple myeloma , but the majority of patients relapse . This clinical pattern suggests most cancer cells are eliminated , but cells with the clonogenic potential to mediate tumor regrowth are relatively chemoresistant . Our previous data suggested that CD138 -LRB- + -RRB- multiple myeloma plasma cells can not undergo long-term proliferation but rather arise from clonogenic CD138 -LRB- neg -RRB- B cells . We compared the relative sensitivity of these distinct cell types to clinical antimyeloma agents and found that dexamethasone , lenadilomide , bortezomib , and 4-hydroxycyclophosphamide inhibited CD138 -LRB- + -RRB- multiple myeloma plasma cells but had little effect on CD138 -LRB- neg -RRB- precursors in vitro . We further characterized clonogenic multiple myeloma cells and stained cell lines using the Hoechst side population and Aldefluor assays . Each assay identified CD138 -LRB- neg -RRB- cells suggesting that they possess high drug efflux capacity and intracellular drug detoxification activity . We also found that multiple myeloma cells expressing the memory B-cell markers CD20 and CD27 could give rise to clonogenic multiple myeloma growth in vitro and engraft immunodeficient nonobese diabetes/severe combined immunodeficient mice during both primary and secondary transplantation . Furthermore , both the side population and Aldefluor assays were capable of identifying circulating clonotypic memory B-cell populations within the peripheral blood of multiple myeloma patients . Our results suggest that circulating clonotypic B-cell populations represent multiple myeloma stem cells , and the relative drug resistance of these cells is mediated by processes that protect normal stem cells from toxic injury . Eighteen patients with relapsed low - or intermediate-grade non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma were treated . Biodistribution studies with 111In-anti-CD20 mAb were performed prior to therapy . Groups of three or four patients were treated at dose levels of approximately 13.5 , 20 , 30 , 40 , and 50 mCi 90Y-anti-CD20 mAb . The use of unlabeled antibody affected the biodistribution favorably . Nonhematological toxicity was minimal . The only significant toxicity was myelosuppression . The overall response rate following a single dose of 90Y-anti-CD20 mAb therapy was 72 % , with six complete responses and seven partial responses and freedom from progression of 3-29 + months following treatment . Radioimmunotherapy with < / = 50 mCi 90Y-anti-CD20 mAb resulted in minimal nonhematological toxicity and durable clinical responses in patients with recurrent B-cell lymphoma . Doses of < / = 40 mCi 90Y-anti-CD20 mAb were not myeloablative .
EMR has become an established therapeutic option for premalignant and early-stage GI malignancies , particularly in the esophagus and colon . EMR can also aid in the diagnosis and therapy of subepithelial lesions localized to the muscularis mucosa or submucosa . Several dedicated EMR devices are available to facilitate these procedures . Adverse event rates , particularly bleeding and perforation , are higher after EMR relative to other basic endoscopic interventions but lower than adverse event rates for ESD . Endoscopists performing EMR should be knowledgeable and skilled in managing potential adverse events resulting from EMR . Subepithelial tumor is a relatively common finding in upper gastrointestinal endoscopy . This study aimed to evaluate the natural course of incidentally detected small subepithelial tumors in the upper gastrointestinal tract and to analyze risk factors for increase in the size of such tumors . Medical records of 1684 patients with subepithelial tumors in the upper gastrointestinal tract incidentally detected between 2004 and 2013 were retrospectively reviewed . If serial follow-up endoscopy showed significant size increase , endoscopic or surgical resection was recommended because of possibility of malignant change . 954 participants with subepithelial tumors underwent serial upper gastrointestinal endoscopy for a period > 6 months . Initial mean size of subepithelial tumors was 8.7 mm -LRB- range 1 - 35 mm -RRB- . During a mean follow-up of 47.3 months -LRB- range 6 - 118 months -RRB- , lesion size was unchanged in 920 participants -LRB- 96.4 % -RRB- , and in 34 participants -LRB- 3.6 % -RRB- lesions had increased at least 25 % in diameter -LRB- mean increment 6.2 mm , range 2 - 15 mm -RRB- . Subepithelial tumors with overlying mucosal changes -LRB- hyperemia , erosion , or ulcer -RRB- had a significantly higher risk of increasing in size -LRB- odds ratio -LSB- OR -RSB- = 3.61 , 95 % confidence interval -LSB- 95 % CI -RSB- 1.06 - 12.28 -RRB- . Growth rates -LRB- size increment per year -RRB- for enlarging lesions were significantly correlated with initial size -LRB- r = 0.44 , P = 0.009 -RRB- . Most incidentally detected small subepithelial tumors in the upper gastrointestinal tract showed no size change during follow-up . Thus , regular follow-up with serial endoscopy may be sufficient for small subepithelial tumors -LRB- < 2 cm -RRB- with intact overlying mucosa . The diagnostic efficacy of current tissue sampling techniques for upper GI subepithelial tumors -LRB- SETs -RRB- appears to be limited . Better tissue acquisition techniques are needed to improve the diagnostic yield in this setting . Our purpose was to determine the safety and diagnostic yield of EUS-guided needle-knife incision and forceps biopsy -LRB- SINK biopsy -RRB- of upper GI SETs . Retrospective database review . Academic tertiary-care referral center . This study involved 14 consecutive patients referred for EUS evaluation of upper GI SETs with previous unsuccessful attempts at tissue diagnosis by conventional forceps biopsy . EUS-guided needle-knife incision and forceps biopsy . The safety and diagnostic yield of this method , compared with EUS-guided fine-needle aspiration -LRB- EUS-FNA -RRB- , when possible . SINK biopsy provided tissue samples that were sufficient for definite histologic diagnosis in 13 of 14 cases -LRB- diagnostic yield 92.8 % -RRB- . There were 8 gastric GI stromal tumors . In 7 of 8 , the size of SINK specimens allowed immunohistochemical analysis , and the evaluation of malignant potential was carried out by means of mitotic index determination in 5 cases -LRB- 71.42 % -RRB- . SINK biopsies determined the pathological diagnosis of all -LRB- 4 of 4 -RRB- nonmesenchymal lesions . Eight patients underwent both EUS-FNA and SINK , with final histologic diagnosis determined in 6 of 8 cases -LRB- 75 % -RRB- by SINK versus 1 of 8 cases -LRB- 12.5 % -RRB- by EUS-FNA -LRB- Fisher exact test , P = .023 -RRB- . There were no procedure-related complications . A single-center , retrospective analysis with small sample size . SINK biopsy appears to be an easy , safe , and effective technique for determining the definitive pathological diagnosis , evaluation of the malignant potential , and planning management of SETs . It could be a reliable alternative to conventional FNA , providing larger samples that improve the histologic yield . The diagnosis and therapy of subepithelial tumors -LRB- SETs -RRB- can be challenging . Proof-of-concept evaluation of the suck-ligate-unroof-biopsy -LRB- SLUB -RRB- technique for small -LRB- < 2 cm -RRB- , non-pedunculated SETs . Pilot feasibility study . Tertiary-care referral center . Twenty-three patients -LRB- median age 60 years -RRB- meeting the inclusion criteria after preliminary EUS . SET ligation was performed with a detachable 20-mm loop deployed through an 18-mm diameter , soft , oblique , transparent , cap attachment . The SLUB technique comprised -LRB- 1 -RRB- suction to draw the SET into the cap ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- ligation below the SET , confirmation by repeat EUS ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- unroofing of the overlying mucosa with a needle-knife ; and -LRB- 4 -RRB- biopsy specimens taken from the exposed tumor . Technical success , histology and/or immunohistochemistry yield , adverse events , completeness of resection . SLUB was attempted on 24 SETs and was technically successful in all . Location was the stomach -LRB- n = 19 -RRB- , small bowel -LRB- n = 1 -RRB- , colon -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- , and rectum -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- . Median size by EUS was 10 mm -LRB- range 6-15 mm -RRB- . Biopsy specimens provided an immunohistologic diagnosis in all cases : GI stromal tumor -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- , leiomyoma -LRB- n = 8 -RRB- , carcinoid tumor -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- , Vanek 's tumor -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- , granuloma -LRB- n = 1 -RRB- , and pancreatic heterotopia -LRB- n = 3 -RRB- . Follow-up endoscopy and EUS in 13 patients showed well-healed scars with no residual tumor , including all
Peripheral arterial disease -LRB- PAD -RRB- is a common and severe disease with a highly increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality . Through the circulatory disorder and the linked undersupply of oxygen carriers in the lower limbs , the ongoing decrease of the pain-free walking distance occurs with a significant reduction in patients ' quality of life . Studies including activity monitoring for patients with PAD are rare and digital support to increase activity via mobile health technologies is mainly targeted at patients with cardiovascular disease in general . The objective of this trackPAD pilot study is to evaluate the feasibility of a mobile phone-based self tracking app to promote physical activity and supervised exercise therapy -LRB- SET -RRB- in particular . We also aim for a subsequent patient centered adjustment of the app prototype based on the results of the app evaluation and process evaluation . This study was designed as a closed user group trial , with assessors blinded , and parallel group study with face-to-face components for assessment with a follow-up of 3 months . Patients with symptomatic PAD -LRB- Fontaine stage IIa or IIb -RRB- and possession of a mobile phone were eligible . Eligible participants were randomly assigned into study and control group , stratified by their distance covered in the 6-min walk test , using the software TENALEA . Participants randomized to the study group received usual care and the mobile intervention -LRB- trackPAD -RRB- for the follow-up period of 3 months , whereas participants randomized to the control group received only usual care . TrackPAD records the frequency and duration of training sessions and pain level using manual user input . Clinical outcome data were collected at the baseline and after 3 months via validated tools -LRB- 6-min walk test , ankle-brachial index , and duplex ultrasound at the lower arteries -RRB- and self-reported quality of life . Usability and quality of the app was determined using the user version of the Mobile Application Rating Scale . The study enrolled 45 participants with symptomatic PAD -LRB- 44 % male -RRB- . Of these participants , 21 -LRB- 47 % -RRB- were randomized to the study group and 24 -LRB- 53 % -RRB- were randomized to the control group . The distance walked in the 6-min walk test was comparable in both groups at baseline -LRB- study group : mean 368.1 m -LSB- SD 77.6 -RSB- vs control group : mean 394.6 m -LSB- SD 100.6 -RSB- -RRB- . This is the first trial to test a mobile intervention called trackPAD that was designed especially for patients with PAD . Its results will provide important insights in terms of feasibility , effectiveness , and patient preferences of an app-based mobile intervention supporting SET for the conservative treatment of PAD . DERR1-10.2196 / 13651 .
Photodynamic therapy -LRB- PDT -RRB- is a popular treatment for nonmelanoma skin cancer with clearance rates of between 70 % and 100 % . Although reported to have a superior cosmetic outcome , the inconvenience of hospital visits and discomfort during therapy are considered drawbacks . To present an open pilot study of a low-irradiance , potentially disposable , lightweight , organic light-emitting diode -LRB- OLED -RRB- , which is an area-emitting light source -LRB- 2 cm diameter -RRB- , suitable for ambulatory PDT . Twelve patients with Bowen 's disease -LRB- eight -RRB- and superficial basal cell carcinoma -LRB- four -RRB- < 2 cm in diameter were recruited into the study following histological confirmation of the diagnosis . Two treatments -LRB- 45-60 J cm -LRB- -2 -RRB- red light , 550-750 nm , peak 620 nm , irradiance 5 mW cm -LRB- -2 -RRB- -RRB- were administered 1 month apart following application of aminolaevulinic acid for 4 h . At the 12-month follow-up , seven of the 12 patients remained clear , with four of the nonresponders demonstrating peripheral margin failure . Patients were scored for pain during and immediately after treatment using the numerical rating scale -LRB- NRS ; 1-10 -RRB- . All 12 subjects scored pain as < 2 using the NRS -LRB- median score 1 -RRB- . In contrast , a similar cohort of 50 consecutive patients from our routine PDT clinic -LRB- Aktilite inorganic LED source ; 75 J cm -LRB- -2 -RRB- , irradiance 80 mW cm -LRB- -2 -RRB- -RRB- scored a median of 6 on the NRS . Pain and inconvenience are practical barriers to the use of conventional PDT . This pilot study suggests that OLED-PDT is less painful than conventional PDT with the added advantage of being lightweight , and therefore has the potential for more convenient ` home PDT ' . These results need to be validated in larger studies . Photodynamic therapy -LRB- PDT -RRB- has been shown to be effective in treating Bowen 's disease , superficial basal cell carcinoma and actinic keratosis . To investigate the feasibility of delivering PDT using a portable light-emitting diode device . A prototype diode array , comprising 37 AlGaInP diodes cast in epoxy with a diffuser , and driven by a battery pack , was designed and constructed . A pilot study was carried out in five patients with histologically proven Bowen 's disease who were referred for PDT with 5-aminolaevulinic acid . They were all treated in the hospital-based dermatology PDT suite such that each received the same level of supervision as patients receiving PDT with nonambulatory light sources . Patients recorded pain levels . Four of five patients were clear at follow-up -LRB- range 6-13 months , median 9 -RRB- . Pain was classified as none or mild in 80 % of treatments and moderate in the remainder . This pilot study provides early promising data of the safety and efficacy of this approach . Conventional photodynamic therapy -LRB- PDT -RRB- can be inconvenient and uncomfortable . We studied low irradiance PDT using an ambulatory inorganic light-emitting diode . Fifty-three patients with 61 lesions -LSB- superficial basal cell carcinoma -LRB- n = 30 -RRB- , Bowen 's disease -LRB- n = 30 -RRB- , and actinic keratosis -LRB- AK ; n = 1 -RRB- -RSB- were studied . Two treatments of ambulatory PDT were undertaken 1 week apart -LRB- one treatment for AK -RRB- . Clinical response was determined at 3 months , and the treatment cycle was repeated if there was residual disease . The endpoints assessed were pain during treatment -LRB- numerical rating scale -LRB- NRS -RRB- ; 0-10 -RRB- and outcome at 1 year . Twenty-three of these patients also received conventional PDT to separate lesions . The median NRS pain scores during first and second treatment were 2 -LRB- range 0-9 -RRB- and 4 -LRB- 0-9 -RRB- , respectively . Lesion clearance rate at 1 year after ambulatory PDT was 84 % -LRB- 21/25 lesions in 22 patients -RRB- . Of the twenty-three patients treated with both ambulatory and conventional PDT , the median NRS was 1 -LRB- 0-7 -RRB- and 5 -LRB- 1.5-9 -RRB- , respectively , with most patients preferring ambulatory PDT . Ambulatory PDT is effective for superficial non-melanoma skin cancer , with 1 year clearance rates comparative to conventional PDT . Low irradiance ambulatory PDT may be less painful and more convenient than conventional PDT .
A rapidly growing empirical literature on the treatment of major depressive disorder -LRB- MDD -RRB- in youth supports the efficacy of short-term treatment with depression-specific cognitive-behavioral therapy or medication management with a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor . These studies also identify a substantial probability of partial response and of relapse , which might be addressed by more intensive , longer-term treatments . Funded by the National Institute of Mental Health , the Treatment for Adolescents With Depression Study -LRB- TADS -RRB- is a multicenter , randomized , masked effectiveness trial designed to evaluate the short-term -LRB- 12-week -RRB- and long-term -LRB- 36-week -RRB- effectiveness of four treatments for adolescents with MDD : fluoxetine , cognitive-behavioral therapy , their combination , and , acutely , pill placebo . A volunteer sample of 432 subjects aged 12-17 years -LRB- inclusive -RRB- with a primary DSM-IV diagnosis of MDD who are broadly representative of patients seen in clinical practice will enter the study . The primary dependent measures rated blindly by an independent evaluator are the Children 's Depression Rating Scale and , for responder analysis , a dichotomized Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement score . Consistent with an intent-to-treat analysis , all patients , regardless of treatment status , return for all scheduled assessments . This report describes the design of the trial , the rationale for the design choices made , and the methods used to carry out the trial . When completed , TADS will improve our understanding of how best to initiate treatment for adolescents with MDD . Initial treatment of major depressive disorder in adolescents may include cognitive-behavioral therapy -LRB- CBT -RRB- or a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor -LRB- SSRI -RRB- . However , little is known about their relative or combined effectiveness . To evaluate the effectiveness of 4 treatments among adolescents with major depressive disorder . Randomized controlled trial of a volunteer sample of 439 patients between the ages of 12 to 17 years with a primary Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , Fourth Edition , diagnosis of major depressive disorder . The trial was conducted at 13 US academic and community clinics between spring 2000 and summer 2003 . Twelve weeks of -LRB- 1 -RRB- fluoxetine alone -LRB- 10 to 40 mg/d -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- CBT alone , -LRB- 3 -RRB- CBT with fluoxetine -LRB- 10 to 40 mg/d -RRB- , or -LRB- 4 -RRB- placebo -LRB- equivalent to 10 to 40 mg/d -RRB- . Placebo and fluoxetine alone were administered double-blind ; CBT alone and CBT with fluoxetine were administered unblinded . Children 's Depression Rating Scale-Revised total score and , for responder analysis , a -LRB- dichotomized -RRB- Clinical Global Impressions improvement score . Compared with placebo , the combination of fluoxetine with CBT was statistically significant -LRB- P = .001 -RRB- on the Children 's Depression Rating Scale-Revised . Compared with fluoxetine alone -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- and CBT alone -LRB- P = .01 -RRB- , treatment of fluoxetine with CBT was superior . Fluoxetine alone is a superior treatment to CBT alone -LRB- P = .01 -RRB- . Rates of response for fluoxetine with CBT were 71.0 % -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 62 % -80 % -RRB- ; fluoxetine alone , 60.6 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 51 % -70 % -RRB- ; CBT alone , 43.2 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 34 % -52 % -RRB- ; and placebo , 34.8 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 26 % -44 % -RRB- . On the Clinical Global Impressions improvement responder analysis , the 2 fluoxetine-containing conditions were statistically superior to CBT and to placebo . Clinically significant suicidal thinking , which was present in 29 % of the sample at baseline , improved significantly in all 4 treatment groups . Fluoxetine with CBT showed the greatest reduction -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- . Seven -LRB- 1.6 % -RRB- of 439 patients attempted suicide ; there were no completed suicides . The combination of fluoxetine with CBT offered the most favorable tradeoff between benefit and risk for adolescents with major depressive disorder . The Treatment for Adolescents With Depression Study is a multicenter , randomized clinical trial sponsored by the NIMH . This study is designed to evaluate the short - and long-term effectiveness of four treatments for adolescents with major depressive disorder : fluoxetine , cognitive-behavioral therapy , their combination , and , acutely , pill placebo . This report describes the demographic and clinical characteristics of the sample and addresses external validity . Participants are 439 adolescents , aged 12-17 years inclusively , with a primary DSM-IV diagnosis of current major depressive disorder . Baseline data are summarized and compared with those from national samples and previous trials . The sample composition is 54.4 % girls , 73.8 % white , 12.5 % African American , and 8.9 % Hispanic . The mean Child Depression Rating Scale-Revised total score is 60.1 -LRB- SD = 10.4 , range 45-98 -RRB- with 86.0 % experiencing their first major depressive episode . The most common concurrent diagnoses are generalized anxiety disorder -LRB- 15.3 % -RRB- , attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder -LRB- 13.7 % -RRB- , oppositional defiant disorder -LRB- 13.2 % -RRB- , social phobia -LRB- 10.7 % -RRB- , and dysthymia -LRB- 10.5 % -RRB- . Demographic results are consistent with data from national samples and large psychopharmacology trials involving depressed adolescents . The Treatment for Adolescents With Depression Study provides a large , diverse , and representative sample of depressed adolescents that highlights the complexity of major depressive disorder in adolescents and provides a rich source for explicating the effects of moderator and mediator variables on baseline psychopathology and treatment outcome . Funded by the National Institute of Mental Health , the Treatment for Adolescents With Depression Study -LRB- TADS -RRB- is intended to evaluate the short-term -LRB- 12 weeks -RRB- and longer-term -LRB- 36 weeks -RRB- effectiveness of four treatments for
This study evaluates a novel bronchodilator , S1226 , for its efficacy in reversing allergen-induced bronchoconstriction in subjects with mild , allergic asthma . S1226 is a new class of bronchodilator that is an aerosol/vapor/gas mixture combining pharmacological and biophysical principles for a novel mode of action . It contains a potent bronchodilator gas -LRB- carbon dioxide or CO <sub> 2 </sub> -RRB- and nebulized perflubron -LRB- a synthetic surfactant possessing mucolytic properties -RRB- . It has demonstrated rapid reversal of allergen-induced bronchoconstriction in an ovine study model . Primary safety endpoints were adverse events , vital signs , pulse oximetry , and spirometry . Efficacy endpoints included bronchodilator response -LRB- measured as the forced expiratory volume in 1 s or FEV <sub> 1 </sub> -RRB- over time , the area under the curve of FEV <sub> 1 </sub> for the early asthmatic response over time , and achievement of responder status , defined as a 12 % improvement after the allergen challenge . No significant safety issues were observed . All adverse events were non-serious , mild , and transient . There was a statistically significant decrease in peripheral blood oxygenation levels over time in the placebo group following allergen inhalation , whereas blood oxygenation was maintained at normal levels in the S1226-treated subjects -LRB- P = 0.028 -RRB- . This effect was greatest 5 min after start of treatment -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . The recovery rate was faster but not significantly so -LRB- P = 0.272 -RRB- for S1226 compared to the placebo at earlier time points -LRB- 5 , 10 , and 15 min -RRB- , as assessed by ≥ 12 % reversal of FEV <sub> 1 . </sub> The recovery of FEV <sub> 1 </sub> over time was significantly greater -LRB- P = 0.04 -RRB- with S1226 compared to the placebo . S1226 was safe , tolerated well , and provided bronchodilation and improved blood oxygenation in subjects with mild atopic asthma following allergen-induced bronchoconstriction . ClinicalTrials.gov , NCT02334553 . Registered on 12 November 2014 .
Although feasibility of EFTR has been demonstrated , there is a lack of safe and effective endoscopic devices for routine use . The aim of this study was to investigate the efficacy and safety of a novel over-the-scope device for colorectal EFTR . Between July 2012 and July 2014 , 25 patients underwent EFTR at two tertiary referral centers . All resections were performed using the full-thickness resection device -LRB- FTRD ; Ovesco Endoscopy , Tübingen , Germany -RRB- . In one patient , the lesion could not be reached because of a sigmoid stenosis . In the other patients , resection of the lesion was macroscopically complete and en bloc in 20/24 patients -LRB- 83.3 % -RRB- . The mean diameter of the resection specimen was 24 mm -LRB- range 12 - 40 mm -RRB- . The R0 resection rate was 75.0 % -LRB- 18/24 -RRB- , and full-thickness resection was histologically confirmed in 87.5 % . No perforations or major bleeding were observed during or after resection . Two patients developed postpolypectomy syndrome , which was managed with antibiotic therapy . Full-thickness resection in the lower gastrointestinal tract with the novel FTRD was feasible and effective . Prospective studies are needed to further evaluate the device and technique .
To determine whether a 3-day application of ofloxacin results in the selection of fluoroquinolone-resistant conjunctival coagulase-negative Staphylococcus . Prospective randomized trial . Patients scheduled for ocular surgery were randomized to a control -LRB- 89 eyes -RRB- or study group -LRB- 70 eyes -RRB- . The study group received topical ofloxacin -LRB- 0.3 % -RRB- four times a day for 3 days . Conjunctival cultures were obtained at baseline -LRB- T0 -RRB- and after 3 days of ofloxacin -LRB- T1 -RRB- . Cultures were also obtained at T0 and T1 for the control group , but these eyes did not receive an antibiotic . Bacteria isolated were identified and antibiotic susceptibility was determined . At T0 , 53 out of 89 patients -LRB- 60 % -RRB- in the control and 48 out of 70 patients -LRB- 69 % -RRB- in the study group harbored coagulase-negative Staphylococcus . Among these coagulase-negative Staphylococcus , 12 out of 53 in the control and 11 out of 48 in the study group were resistant to ofloxacin -LRB- p > 0.9999 -RRB- . At T1 , significantly fewer coagulase-negative Staphylococcus -LRB- p = 0.0003 -RRB- were isolated from the study group -LRB- 18 coagulase-negative Staphylococcus -RRB- , compared the control group -LRB- 48 coagulase-negative Staphylococcus -RRB- . Of these , 5 out of 17 coagulase-negative Staphylococcus in the study group and 9 out of 48 coagulase-negative Staphylococcus in the control group were resistant to ofloxacin -LRB- p = 0.5649 -RRB- . There was no significant difference in the number of coagulase-negative Staphylococcus resistant to ciprofloxacin or norfloxacin in the study group compared to the control group at T1 . Ofloxacin given four times a day for 3 days does not select out for conjunctival fluoroquinolone-resistant coagulase-negative Staphylococcus . To determine the antibiotic susceptibility of preoperative conjunctival bacterial flora . In vitro study . Antibiotic susceptibility of conjunctival bacterial strains isolated from 164 patients undergoing intraocular surgery was determined using the Kirby-Bauer disk-diffusion technique . Among the 162 bacteria isolated , 124 -LRB- 76 % -RRB- were coagulase-negative staphylococci -LRB- CNS -RRB- , with 2 % resistant to gatifloxacin and moxifloxacin , and none were resistant to vancomycin or minocycline . Other bacteria isolated were 19 Staphylococcus aureus -LRB- S. aureus -RRB- , 8 Streptococcus Group D , and 11 gram-negative rods . Most S. aureus -LRB- > 85 % -RRB- were susceptible to all antibiotics except for the penicillin and macrolide groups . No streptococci were resistant to gatifloxacin , levofloxacin , moxifloxacin , mezlocillin , imipenem , or vancomycin . None of the gram-negative rods were resistant to the fluoroquinolones . Approximately one half of all bacteria were resistant to erythromycin . One in three patients harbored multi-resistant bacteria -LRB- resistant to > or = five antibiotics -RRB- . Newer-generation fluoroquinolones provide excellent broad-spectrum coverage against conjunctival bacterial flora . To assess differences in conjunctival bacterial flora between patients undergoing glaucoma and cataract surgery . A prospective study comparing conjunctival bacterial cultures obtained from 339 patients undergoing either cataract -LRB- n = 258 -RRB- or glaucoma -LRB- n = 81 -RRB- surgery . All cultures were acquired during the preoperative visit , approximately three to seven days prior to surgery . The culture samples were inoculated onto blood and chocolate agar , as well as blood culture broth media . All bacterial isolates were identified and statistical analyses were performed to determine if there were differences in flora between the eyes undergoing cataract versus glaucoma surgery . Two hundred fifteen of 258 eyes -LRB- 83 % -RRB- undergoing cataract surgery were found to have positive bacterial growth , compared with 62 of 81 eyes -LRB- 77 % -RRB- of those undergoing glaucoma surgery -LRB- P = 0.2246 -RRB- . Coagulase-negative Staphylococci , the most common bacterial isolate , was cultured from 167 eyes -LRB- 65 % -RRB- in the cataract group and 42 -LRB- 52 % -RRB- in the glaucoma group -LRB- P = 0.0514 -RRB- . Among all bacterial isolates , only Corynebacterium species was found to be statistically different between the two patient groups with 92 -LRB- 36 % -RRB- and 11 -LRB- 14 % -RRB- eyes testing positive in the cataract and glaucoma groups , respectively -LRB- P = 0.0003 -RRB- . There was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of conjunctival culture samples testing positive for bacterial growth in eyes undergoing glaucoma surgery compared with those undergoing cataract surgery . Glaucoma medications , or their preservatives , do not appear to significantly alter conjunctival flora . Techniques used for endophthalmitis prophylaxis prior to cataract surgery are likely appropriate for glaucoma surgery as well . To determine the antibiotic susceptibility patterns of conjunctival bacterial flora isolated preoperatively from patients undergoing anterior segment surgery . Prospective observational study . One hundred fifty-six eyes from 139 patients scheduled for anterior segment surgery were enrolled over a 6-month period from August 2001 to February 2002 . Conjunctival cultures were obtained on the day of surgery before povidone-iodine or antibiotic application . Bacterial isolates were identified and tested for antibiotic susceptibility using the Kirby-Bauer disc-diffusion technique . Among the 156 eyes studied , 36 were from patients who had undergone either bilateral surgery or more than one surgery in the same eye . Only the first eyes of the 120 patients that underwent initial ocular surgery were included in our analysis . Of these 120 eyes , 21 -LRB- 18 % -RRB- showed no bacterial growth . Of the 143 bacterial strains isolated from the remaining 99 eyes , 112 -LRB- 78 % -RRB- were coagulase-negative staphylococci -LRB- CNS -RRB- . Among the CNS , greater than 90 % were susceptible to cefotaxime , levofloxacin , imipenem , meropenem , vancomycin , and each of the aminoglycosides except neomycin . Between 70 % and 90 % of the CNS were susceptible to cefazolin , neomycin , ciprofloxacin , ofloxacin , norfloxacin , and chloramphenicol . Less than 70 % of the isolated CNS were sensitive
Extraperitoneal cervical cancer `` staging '' is considered superior to a transperitoneal approach . We developed an entirely extraperitoneal laparoscopic technique for para-aortic lymph node dissection in a pig model , followed by human subject application . Using latex balloon dissection technology , the technique is as follows . A retroperitoneal space is created via a 15-mm left flank incision . The collapsed balloon trochar is inserted and the balloon is inflated under direct visualization . Subsequently , a CO2 pneumoretroperitoneum is established with 12-15 mm Hg and dissection is carried out using a total of three to four left flank port sites . For initial technique development and improvement , four pigs were used . Excellent bilateral retroperitoneal exposure was achieved . A complete dissection was performed from the renal to the iliac vessels . Subsequently , a bilateral sampling procedure from the level of the inferior mesenteric artery to the liac vessels was performed in four human subjects . A mean of 5 nodes -LRB- range 1-9 -RRB- was removed with an EBL of < 50 cc . Operative times were 120-140 min . There were no intra - or postoperative complications . This initial experience demonstrates that laparoscopic extraperitoneal para-aortic access and node sampling is feasible . Further study is ongoing to determine the extent of dissection possible using this approach . However , since this approach mimics the extraperitoneal laparotomy technique , it may have all the advantages of adhesion avoidance combined with an outpatient procedure . To determine if extra-peritoneal laparoscopic para-aortic -LRB- PA -RRB- lymphadenectomy allows a reliable assessment of PA nodes in patients with endometrial cancer -LRB- EC -RRB- . In October of 2005 , a single surgeon began performing extra-peritoneal laparoscopic PA lymphadenectomy for patients with EC . A prospective cohort study was initiated from October 2005 through October 2007 . Staging of Group A included extra-peritoneal laparoscopic PA lymphadenectomy , while Group B underwent staging via laparotomy . In a 24 month period , 293 patients underwent surgical treatment for EC , 203 of them underwent complete staging as determined by previously published criteria . Extra-peritoneal laparoscopic PA lymphadenectomy to the renal veins was successful in 35/38 patients -LRB- 92 % -RRB- . Mean BMI was 33.0 for Group A and 32.3 for Group B -LRB- p = NS -RRB- . Mean EBL and hospital stay were lower in Group A compared to Group B -LRB- 163 vs 373 cm -LRB- 3 -RRB- , p < 0.0001 ; median 2 vs 4 nights , p < 0.001 -RRB- . The total number of PA nodes harvested was not statistically different between Groups A and B -LRB- 16.5 vs 19.6 -RRB- . Interestingly , in Group A the total number of PA nodes was greater for patients with BMI > 35 , -LRB- 21.6 vs 13.1 -RRB- , while in Group B fewer nodes were removed in obese patients -LRB- 17.8 vs 20.5 -RRB- . Extra-peritoneal laparoscopy is a reliable method to routinely reach the level of the renal veins , even in obese patients . This approach was feasible in over 90 % of unselected patients and well-tolerated . To assess potential differences in perioperative features and survival between laparoscopic-assisted vaginal hysterectomy and conventional transabdominal hysterectomy in stage I endometrial cancer . Retrospective , nonrandomized clinical study -LRB- Canadian Task Force classification II-2 -RRB- . Acute-care , teaching hospital . A total of 370 patients undergoing hysterectomy and bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy with surgical staging for primary treatment for clinical stage I endometrial cancer from January 1995 through June 2001 . Clinical outcomes and survival in patients treated with laparoscopic-assisted vaginal hysterectomy -LRB- n = 55 -RRB- and hysterectomy using the conventional abdominal approach -LRB- n = 315 -RRB- were compared . Baseline characteristics and histopathologic variables were similar in both groups . A total of 91.4 % of patients underwent pelvic lymphadenectomy and 49.7 % paraaortic lymphadenectomy . The median follow-up was 38.1 months . Blood loss , blood transfusions required , and length of stay were significantly lower in the laparoscopic group , but surgical time was significantly longer . The mean number of pelvic and aortic nodes recovered was higher in the laparoscopic group -LRB- p < .001 -RRB- . Differences in overall and recurrence-free survival rates were not observed . Surgical staging of early-stage endometrial cancer by laparoscopic-assisted vaginal hysterectomy is feasible , with lower perioperative morbidity and shorter hospital stay compared with transabdominal hysterectomy . Prognosis and survival were not affected by the laparoscopic vaginal approach to hysterectomy . During the last years , and coinciding with the beginning of the concomitant treatment with radio-chemotherapy , a better control of local cervical cancer has been reached , although failures in the systemic control of the illness have been more frequent . One of the main causes is not treating the illness at the level of the para-aortic lymph nodes , basically because their affectation is unknown and because imaging tests have a high percentage of false negative results . At this time , it is when laparoscopic para-aortic lymphadenectomy arises , in order to be able to know the extension of the illness better before treatment . A extraperitoneal laparoscopic approach is described in order to reduce complications derived from a possible extended irradiation . Between August 2001 and October 2007 , a total of 69 patients with bulky and locally advanced cervical cancer -LRB- FIGO stages IB2 , IIA > 4 cm and IIB-IVA -RRB- underwent extraperitoneal laparoscopic lymphadenectomy for surgical staging . Extraperitoneal aortic lymphadenectomy by laparoscopic approach is a technique with low morbidity . Special laparoscopic material is not required and if it is performed by a team trained in technical endoscopics it is not difficult . Radio-chemotherapy treatment began immediately after laparoscopy because of its minimal aggression . The aim of this study was to evaluate the safety and feasibility of extraperitoneal laparoscopic paraaortic lymphadenectomy for suspected lymph node recurrence of gynecological cancers .
Laparoscopic distal partial gastrectomy is still technically difficult under conditions of a pneumoperitoneum because of the lack of appropriate techniques and laparoscopic instruments . We describe here a technique of laparoscopy-assisted Billroth I gastrectomy under an abdominal wall-elevating method . Obesity is known to be associated with postoperative morbidity in gastric cancer surgery , but its impact on laparoscopy assisted gastrectomy -LRB- LAG -RRB- for gastric cancer has rarely been evaluated . The clinical data for 1,485 LAG procedures for gastric cancer in 10 institutions were reviewed . The patients were divided into high body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- -LRB- BMI > or = 25 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- ; n = 432 -RRB- and low BMI -LRB- BMI < 25 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- ; n = 1,053 -RRB- groups , and their clinical outcomes were compared . The mean age and proportion of comorbid patients were higher in the high BMI group than in the low BMI group . Postoperative morbidity and mortality did not differ between the high BMI -LRB- 15.7 % and 0.9 % -RRB- and low BMI -LRB- 14 % and 0.5 % -RRB- groups -LRB- p = 0.37 and p = 0.29 -RRB- . Only the operation time and the number of retrieved lymph nodes were significantly different between the high BMI -LRB- 242.5 min and 30.4 -RRB- and low BMI -LRB- 223.7 min and 32.6 -RRB- groups -LRB- p < 0.001 and p = 0.005 -RRB- , especially for male patients undergoing surgery by surgeons who have performed 40 or fewer LAGs . High BMI itself may not increase operative morbidity after LAG for gastric cancer . However , when a surgeon is relatively inexperienced with LAG , a careful approach is required for male patients with a high BMI . The aim of this multicenter retrospective study was to establish background data for future randomized clinical trial comparing open and laparoscopy-assisted gastrectomies -LRB- LAGs -RRB- . We sought to evaluate the technical feasibility of LAG by determining the morbidity and mortality and identifying corresponding predictive factors . A retrospective multicenter study was carried out in Korea on 1,485 patients in who , LAG had been attempted for gastric cancer under the care of ten surgeons , at ten institutions , during the period spanning May 1998 to December 2005 . Patient characteristics , operative outcomes , and postoperative morbidities and mortalities were analyzed . Overall morbidity and mortality rates were 14.0 % and 0.6 % , respectively . Complications included : wound problem -LRB- 4.2 % , n = 62 -RRB- , intraluminal bleeding -LRB- 1.3 % , n = 20 -RRB- , intra-abdominal abscess or fluid collection -LRB- 1.3 % , n = 19 -RRB- , anastomotic leakage -LRB- 1.3 % , n = 18 -RRB- , and intra-abdominal bleeding -LRB- 1.3 % , n = 18 -RRB- . By using multivariate analysis we found that the two most important risk factors associated with postoperative complications were presence of comorbidity in the patient and lack of experience on the part of the surgeon . LAG is a technically feasible , safe , and effective method for treating patients with gastric cancer . Extra caution in patients with comorbidities , and dedication to improving surgical proficiency in LAG , may decrease the risk of complications . Through this study , we have established the inclusion criteria for LAG . For our multicenter , prospective , randomized trials -LRB- NCT00452751 -RRB- , potential patients should have an American Society of Anesthesiology -LRB- ASA -RRB- score of less than 3 , and surgeons performing the procedures should have experience with more than 50 cases of LAG . The aim of this study was to evaluate the safety of this trial with respect to morbidity and mortality . Laparoscopic-assisted distal gastrectomy -LRB- LADG -RRB- is rapidly gaining popularity . However , there is limited evidence regarding its oncologic safety . We therefore conducted a phase III multicenter , prospective , randomized study comparing LADG with open gastrectomy -LRB- ODG -RRB- . Patient eligibility criteria were pathologically-proven adenocarcinoma , 20 to 80 years of age , preoperative stage I , no history of other cancer , chemotherapy , or radiotherapy . The primary end point was to determine whether there is a difference in overall survival between 2 groups . The morbidity and mortality were compared to evaluate the safety of this trial . The time was decided on the hypothesis that the morbidity of this trial was not significantly different from that of previous reports on open gastric cancer surgeries -LRB- 17 % -20 % -RRB- . This study is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov and carries the following ID number : NCT00452751 . A total of 342 patients were randomized -LRB- LADG , 179 patients ; ODG , 161 patients -RRB- between January 1 , 2006 and July 19 , 2007 . There were no significant differences between the 2 groups in age , gender , and comorbidities . The postoperative complication rates of the LADG and ODG groups were 10.5 % -LRB- 17/179 -RRB- and 14.7 % -LRB- 24/163 -RRB- , respectively -LRB- P = 0.137 -RRB- . Reoperations were required in 3 cases each group . The postoperative mortality was 1.1 % -LRB- 2/179 -RRB- and 0 % -LRB- 0/163 -RRB- in the LADG and ODG groups -LRB- P = 0.497 -RRB- , respectively . There was no significance difference in the morbidity and mortality between the 2 groups . Therefore , we conclude that this trial is safe and is thus ongoing . That severe malnutrition affects body function and psychological well-being is well documented . We addressed the question of whether quality of life relates to changes in variables such as food intake , body composition , and gastrointestinal symptomatology after gastrectomy for gastric cancer . Thirty-two patients undergoing gastric resection had their dietary intake , body composition , and specific and general aspects of quality of life determined preoperatively ,
To assess similarities and differences in antibody responses to recombinant -LRB- r -RRB- HIV-1IIIB gp120 in chimpanzees , previously protected from HIV-1 infection , and human volunteers immunized in connection with a Phase I clinical trial . Frozen sera from humans immunized with rgp120 from HIV-1IIIB and chimpanzees immunized with the same antigen or recombinant soluble gp160 were compared in a variety of serologic assays . The magnitude of the antibody response to gp120 was similar in both species ; however , the half-life of the antibody response to rgp120 was approximately 4.5 times longer in humans -LRB- 9 weeks -RRB- than in chimpanzees -LRB- 2 weeks -RRB- . Antibodies to gp120 in both species were broadly cross-reactive with gp120 from diverse isolates of HIV-1 and were effective in blocking the binding of gp120 to CD4 . Antibody binding to native gp120 was greater than to denatured gp120 in both species . Antibody responses to the principal neutralizing determinant -LRB- V3 domain -RRB- and virus neutralization titers were approximately 10-fold lower in humans than chimpanzees . The relative avidity of antibody binding to gp120 was higher in the sera from the immunized chimpanzees than in the immunized humans . While the antibody responses to rgp120 elicited in man and chimpanzees were in many ways similar , significant differences did occur . Predictions made on the basis of chimpanzee immunogenicity studies over-estimated the potency of the virus neutralizing titers and under-estimated the duration of the antibody response achieved in humans . We examined the humoral immune response in both HIV-1 infected and uninfected volunteers immunized with candidate HIV-1 recombinant envelope subunit vaccines -LRB- Genentech gp120IIIB , MicroGeneSys gp160IIIB , or ImmunoAG gp160IIIB -RRB- . Immunization of both HIV-1 infected and uninfected volunteers with these immunogens resulted in the induction of Abs preferentially reactive with epitopes accessible on a denatured form of gp120 . While sera from HIV-1 uninfected gp120/gp160IIIB vaccinees bound gp120/gp41 , which was expressed on the surface of H9 cells infected with HIV-1IIIB , minimal binding to HIV-1MN or HIV-1RF infected cells was obtained . Induction of qualitatively similar immune responses by these immunogens would not have been predicted based on their different tertiary structures . These data indicate a restriction of the immune response to linear , conserved epitopes poorly accessible on both monomeric gp120 and cell-surface expressed oligomeric gp120/gp41 and a lack of Abs specific for conformational epitopes conserved across divergent HIV-1 strains . Poor recognition of HIV-1 envelope tertiary and quaternary structure may explain the restricted neutralization profiles of vaccinee sera against laboratory-adapted strains of HIV-1 and their inability to neutralize primary HIV-1 isolates . Alternate immunogens or reformulations with the capacity to elicit Abs that preferentially bind to natively folded gp120 should be investigated and correlated with their ability to neutralize more diverse laboratory-adapted and primary HIV-1 isolates . AIDSVAX -LRB- VaxGen , Inc. , South San Francisco , CA -RRB- , a possible vaccine to protect against human immunodeficiency virus type 1 -LRB- HIV-1 -RRB- infection , is being tested for efficacy in phase 3 studies . It has been tested for potential efficacy in chimpanzees , and tested for safety and immunogenicity in human clinical studies . Four candidate vaccines , each with a different envelope protein antigen or combination of antigens , have been produced in alum formulations . In both design and clinical testing , AIDSVAX has an excellent safety profile . Having been administered to over 1200 people , the only side effects attributable to AIDSVAX have been local pain and inflammation at the injection site . After immunization , essentially all recipients developed a robust antibody response , including binding and neutralizing antibodies . The neutralizing antibodies peaked after a 12-month boost . Excellent memory is induced . Two phase 3 trials of two bivalent formulations will evaluate their efficacy . One trial will use a bivalent subtype B formulation . This trial in North America will involve 5000 men who have sex with men and heterosexual women at high risk . The other study will use a bivalent subtype B/subtype E formulation . This trial in Thailand and will involve 2500 intravenous drug users . Both studies will be randomized , double-blinded and placebo controlled . The volunteers will be followed for 3 years . The end points of the studies are infection , as defined by seroconversion to standard diagnostic tests , and viral load , as defined by commercial polymerase chain reaction -LRB- PCR -RRB- tests . Cells obtained from the peripheral blood of HIV-infected patients and volunteers immunized with HIV-1 vaccines are commonly used to study anti-viral responses , since lymphocytes from the central lymphoid organs are difficult to obtain . Analyses involving PBMC implicitly assume that circulating B cells provide an accurate reflection of the systemic humoral response induced by the HIV antigens . We examined this assumption by comparing the number of B cells secreting IgG anti-gp160 / 120 antibodies in the peripheral circulation with serum antibody titers . Results indicate that neither the magnitude nor duration of the serologic response detected in HIV-infected patients or gp160/gp120-immunized volunteers reproducibly correlates with the number of B cells secreting anti-envelope antibodies in the blood . The ability of antibody induced by MN and IIIB recombinant gp120 -LRB- rgp120 -RRB- human immunodeficiency virus type 1 -LRB- HIV-1 -RRB- vaccines to bind to oligomeric native HIV-1 envelope glycoproteins of primary isolates of HIV-1 was measured by flow cytometric indirect immunofluorescence assay -LRB- FIFA -RRB- in 25 uninfected , healthy adults . After three immunizations , MN rgp120 HIV-1 vaccine given alone and coadministered with IIIB rgp120 HIV-1 vaccine elicited antibody that bound to cells infected with each of a panel of six subtype B strains of HIV-1 . Lower levels of vaccine-induced binding antibody were detected against envelope subtype A , D , and -LRB- EA -RRB- strains of HIV-1 than against subtype B strains . Priming immunization with IIIB rgp120 HIV-1 vaccine alone induced low levels
We collected longitudinal clinical data on patients with the hyper-IgE syndrome and their families and assayed the levels of cytokines secreted by stimulated leukocytes and the gene expression in resting and stimulated cells . These data implicated the signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 gene -LRB- STAT3 -RRB- as a candidate gene , which we then sequenced . We found increased levels of proinflammatory gene transcripts in unstimulated peripheral-blood neutrophils and mononuclear cells from patients with the hyper-IgE syndrome , as compared with levels in control cells . In vitro cultures of mononuclear cells from patients that were stimulated with lipopolysaccharide , with or without interferon-gamma , had higher tumor necrosis factor alpha levels than did identically treated cells from unaffected persons -LRB- P = 0.003 -RRB- . In contrast , the cells from patients with the hyper-IgE syndrome generated lower levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 in response to the presence of interleukin-6 -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- , suggesting a defect in interleukin-6 signaling through its downstream mediators , one of which is STAT3 . We identified missense mutations and single-codon in-frame deletions in STAT3 in 50 familial and sporadic cases of the hyper-IgE syndrome .
There is a concern about increasing kidney stone risk with vitamin D supplementation . We used GrassrootsHealth data to examine the relationship between vitamin D status and kidney stone incidence . Thirteen individuals self-reported kidney stones during the study period . Multivariate logistic regression was applied to assess the association between vitamin D status and kidney stones . We found no statistically significant association between serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D and kidney stones -LRB- P = .42 -RRB- . Body mass index was significantly associated with kidney stone risk -LRB- odds ratio = 3.5 ; 95 % confidence interval = 1.1 , 11.3 -RRB- . We concluded that a serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level of 20 to 100 nanograms per milliliter has no significant association with kidney stone incidence .
Lapaquistat acetate is a squalene synthase inhibitor investigated for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia . This report summarizes the phase 2 and 3 results from the lapaquistat clinical program , which was halted at an advanced stage as a result of potential hepatic safety issues . Efficacy and safety data were pooled from 12 studies -LRB- n = 6151 -RRB- . These were 6 - to 96-week randomized , double-blind , parallel , placebo - or active-controlled trials with lapaquistat monotherapy or coadministration with other lipid-altering drugs in dyslipidemic patients , including a large -LRB- n = 2121 -RRB- 96-week safety study . All studies included lapaquistat 100 mg daily ; 5 included 50 mg ; and 1 included 25 mg . The main outcome measures were the percent change in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol , secondary lipid/metabolic parameters , and overall safety . It also reduced other cardiovascular risk markers , such as C-reactive protein . At 100 mg , there was an increase in alanine aminotransferase value ≥ 3 times the upper limit of normal on ≥ 2 consecutive visits -LRB- 2.0 % versus 0.3 % for placebo in the pooled efficacy studies ; 2.7 % versus 0.7 % for low-dose atorvastatin in the long-term study -RRB- . Two patients receiving lapaquistat 100 mg met the Hy Law criteria of alanine aminotransferase elevation plus increased total bilirubin . Squalene synthase inhibition with lapaquistat acetate , alone or in combination with statins , effectively lowered low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in a dose-dependent manner . Elevations in alanine aminotransferase , combined with a rare increase in bilirubin , presented potential hepatic safety issues , resulting in termination of development . The lapaquistat experience illustrates the current challenges in lipid-altering drug development . URL : http://www.clinicaltrials.gov . Unique identifiers : NCT00487994 , NCT00143663 , NCT00143676 , NCT00864643 , NCT00263081 , NCT00286481 , NCT00249899 , NCT00249912 , NCT00813527 , NCT00256178 , NCT00268697 , and NCT00251680 .
Phase I/II clinical trial . Ten children with advanced retinoblastoma -LRB- Reese-Ellsworth V -RRB- eyes who were indicated for enucleation were entered into an institutional review board-approved protocol of ophthalmic artery infusion of melphalan to avoid enucleation . Cannulation of the ophthalmic artery was performed by a femoral artery approach using microcatheters while the children were under anesthesia and anticoagulated . Chemotherapy -LRB- melphalan -RRB- was infused into the artery over a 30-minute period . The ophthalmic arteries were successfully cannulated in 9 cases -LRB- total , 27 times -RRB- , as many as 6 times in 1 patient . No severe systemic side effects -LRB- sepsis , anemia , neutropenia , fever , or death -RRB- occurred . No transfusions were required -LRB- red cells or platelets -RRB- . Three patients developed conjunctival and lid edema that resolved without treatment . There was no toxicity to the cornea , anterior segment , pupil , or motility . One -LRB- previously irradiated -RRB- eye developed retinal ischemia ; another eye had no toxicity after intraarterial chemotherapy but did develop a radiationlike retinopathy after brachytherapy . Vision stabilized or improved in all but 1 patient after treatment . Electroretinograms were generally poor -LRB- advanced eyes were treated -RRB- , but in 2 cases , the electroretinogram improved after treatment -LRB- and resolution of a retinal detachment -RRB- . Seven eyes avoided enucleation . Two intraarterially treated eyes were enucleated , with no viable tumors identified pathologically . We developed a technique of direct ophthalmic artery infusion of melphalan for children with retinoblastoma . The technique had minimal systemic side effects -LRB- one patient had grade 3 neutropenia -RRB- and minimal local toxicity . Among the first 9 cases treated with this technique , 7 eyes destined to be enucleated were salvaged .
Hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- is one of the most common tumors worldwide and liver transplantation -LRB- LT -RRB- is considered as the best therapeutic option for patients with HCC combined with cirrhosis . However , tumor recurrence after LT for HCC remains the major obstacle for long-term survival . The present study was to evaluate the efficacy and necessity of adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with HCC who had undergone LT. Several databases were searched to identify comparative studies fulfilling the predefined selection criteria before October 2014 . Suitable studies were chosen and data extracted for meta-analysis . Three authors independently evaluated the bias of each study according to the Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Review of Intervention . Stata 12 was used for statistical analysis . Hazard ratio -LRB- HR -RRB- was considered as a summary statistic for overall survival , disease-free survival and recurrence rate . Three prospective studies and 5 retrospective studies including 360 patients -LRB- 166 in the adjuvant chemotherapy group , and 194 in the control group -RRB- were included . Compared with the control group , post-LT adjuvant chemotherapy conferred significant benefit for overall survival -LRB- HR : 0.34 ; 95 % CI : 0.22-0.52 ; P = 0.000 -RRB- . Meanwhile , the results showed an improvement for disease-free survival on favoring adjuvant chemotherapy -LRB- HR : 0.87 ; 95 % CI : 0.78-0.95 ; P = 0.004 -RRB- . However , no significant difference in HCC recurrence rate was observed between the two groups -LRB- HR : 1.26 ; 95 % CI : 0.40-4.00 ; P = 0.696 -RRB- .
A randomized , controlled , double-blind , double-dummy , phase III clinical trial was conducted in 84 women to compare the efficacy of a s.c. injection of 250 microg recombinant human chorionic gonadotrophin -LRB- rHCG ; Ovidrel -RRB- to an i.m. injection of 5000 IU urinary HCG -LRB- uHCG ; Profasi -RRB- in inducing folliculogenesis , resumption of oocyte meiosis and luteinization after ovulation induction with recombinant follicle stimulating hormone -LRB- Gonal-F -RRB- . The study primary endpoint was comparison of the number of oocytes retrieved per patient receiving either compound . Secondary comparisons included the number of oocytes retrieved per follicles aspirated ; the number of mature oocytes ; normally fertilized oocytes ; and cleaved embryos . There were also no significant side-effects for either drug . Since the confidence intervals for the difference of the number of oocytes retrieved between the two treatment groups were within the bounds defined by the multi-trial protocol equivalence between rHCG and uHCG could be declared .
Exogenous melatonin has been investigated as treatment for a number of medical and surgical diseases , demonstrating encouraging results . The aim of this review was to present and evaluate the literature concerning the possible adverse effects and safety of exogenous melatonin in humans . Furthermore , we provide recommendations concerning the possible risks of melatonin use in specific patient groups . In general , animal and human studies documented that short-term use of melatonin is safe , even in extreme doses . Only mild adverse effects , such as dizziness , headache , nausea and sleepiness have been reported . No studies have indicated that exogenous melatonin should induce any serious adverse effects . Similarly , randomized clinical studies indicate that long-term melatonin treatment causes only mild adverse effects comparable to placebo . Long-term safety of melatonin in children and adolescents , however , requires further investigation . Due to a lack of human studies , pregnant and breast-feeding women should not take exogenous melatonin at this moment . The purpose of the present study was to examine the effect of beta-sitosterol , the main dietary phytosterol on the growth of HT-29 cells , a human colon cancer cell line . In addition , the incorporation of this phytosterol into cellular membranes and how this might influence the lipid composition of the membranes were investigated . Tumor cells were grown in DMEM containing 10 % FBS and supplemented with sterols -LRB- cholesterol or beta-sitosterol -RRB- at final concentrations up to 16 microM . The sterols were supplied to the media in the form of sterol cyclodextrin complexes . The cyclodextrin used was 2-hydroxypropyl-beta-cyclodextrin . The sterol to cyclodextrin molar ratio was maintained at 1:300 . The study indicated that 8 and 16 microM beta-sitosterol were effective at cel growth inhibition as compared to cholesterol or to the control -LRB- no sterol supplementation -RRB- . After supplementation with 16 microM beta-sitosterol for 9 days , cell growth was only one-third that of cells supplemented with equimolar concentration of cholesterol . No effect was observed on total membrane phospholipid concentration . At 16 microM beta-sitosterol supplementation , membrane cholesterol was reduced by 26 % . Cholesterol supplementation resulted in a significant increase in the cholesterol/phospholipid ratio compared to either beta-sitosterol supplemented cells or controls . There was a 50 % reduction in membrane sphingomyelin -LRB- SM -RRB- of cells grown in 16 microM beta-sitosterol . Additional changes were observed in the fatty acid composition of minor phospholipids of beta-sitosterol supplemented cells , such as SM , phosphatidylserine -LRB- PS -RRB- , and phosphatidylinositol -LRB- PI -RRB- . Only in the case of PI , was there an effect of these fatty acid changes on the unsaturation index , beta-sitosterol incorporation resulted in an increase in the U.I. . It is possible that the observed growth inhibition by beta-sitosterol may be mediated through the influence of signal transduction pathways that involve membrane phospholipids . beta-Sitosterol is the most abundant phytosterol . Phytosterols are enriched in legumes , oil seeds and unrefined plant oils as found in foods such as peanut butter , pistachios and sunflower seeds . beta-Sitosterol inhibits the growth of several specific types of tumor cells in vitro and decreases the size and the extent of tumor metastases in vivo . The effects of beta-sitosterol on the extrinsic apoptotic programmed cell death pathway in human breast MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231 adenocarcinoma cells were examined , along with the extent of its incorporation into cellular membranes and its effects on cell growth , expression of Fas receptor pathway proteins , and caspase-8 activity . The results show that beta-sitosterol exposure promotes its enrichment in transformed cell membranes and significantly inhibits tumor cell growth . Concurrently , Fas levels and caspase-8 activity are significantly increased . These actions are specific , as expression of other proteins of the Fas receptor pathway , including Fas ligand , FADD , p-FADD and caspase-8 , remain unchanged . These findings support the hypothesis that beta-sitosterol is an effective apoptosis-promoting agent and that incorporation of more phytosterols in the diet may serve a preventive measure for breast cancer . Previous work from this laboratory suggests an activation of the sphingomyelin cycle as a mechanism for growth inhibition with the incorporation of beta-sitosterol -LRB- SIT -RRB- into human prostate cancer LNCaP cells . In the present study we examined two key enzymes that have been shown to play a role in the sphingomyelin cycle . Dietary sterols -LRB- SIT and cholesterol -RRB- were compared for their effect on LNCaP cell growth , phospholipase D -LRB- PLD -RRB- activity , and protein phosphatase 2A -LRB- PP 2A -RRB- activity and expression . PP 2A has been suggested as a direct in vitro target of ceramide action on cell growth and apoptosis . Ceramide also inhibits phorbol myristate acetate-stimulated PLD . SIT -LRB- 16 microM -RRB- increased PP 2A activity by 50 % compared with cholesterol treatment in LNCaP prostate cells ; however , SIT did not alter protein levels of PP 2A . There was an increase in PLD activity in the presence of phorbol myristate acetate in cells supplemented with 16 microM SIT compared with those supplemented with cholesterol after five days of treatment . The present study suggests that the activation of PP 2A added support to the role of the activation of the sphingomyelin cycle by SIT treatment . However , the increase in PLD activity , which was modest but significant , with SIT supplementation suggests that this pathway may be modulated by other mechanisms . This includes the incorporation of SIT into cell membranes that may alter fluidity and , thus , influence the activation of membrane-bound enzymes such as PLD . The objective of the present study was to evaluate the effect of beta-sitosterol , a plant sterol that induces apoptosis in breast cancer cells , on two pathways leading to apoptosis . These pathways are classified based on the localization of the
To evaluate short - and long-term effects of Cinnamomum zeylanicum on food consumption , body weight , glycemic control , and lipids in healthy and diabetes-induced rats . The study was conducted in two phases -LRB- Phase I and Phase II -RRB- , using Sprague-Dawley rats in four groups . Phase I evaluated acute effects on fasting blood glucose -LRB- FBG -RRB- -LRB- Groups 1 and 2 -RRB- and on post-oral glucose -LRB- Groups 3 and 4 -RRB- blood glucose . Groups 1 and 3 received distilled-water and Groups 2 and 4 received cinnamon-extracts . Phase II evaluated effects on food consumption , body weight , blood glucose , and lipids over 1 month . Group A -LRB- n = 8 , distilled-water -RRB- and Group B -LRB- n = 8 , cinnamon-extracts -RRB- were healthy rats , while Group C -LRB- n = 5 , distilled-water -RRB- and Group D -LRB- n = 5 , cinnamon-extracts -RRB- were diabetes-induced rats . Serum lipid profile and HbA1c were measured on D-0 and D-30 . FBG , 2-h post-prandial blood glucose , body weight , and food consumption were measured on every fifth day . There was no significant difference in serial blood glucose values in cinnamon-treated group from time 0 -LRB- P > 0.05 -RRB- . Following oral glucose , the cinnamon group demonstrated a faster decline in blood glucose compared to controls -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . Phase II : Between D0 and D30 , the difference in food consumption was shown only in diabetes-induced rats -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Similarly , the significant difference following cinnamon-extracts in FBG and 2-h post-prandial blood glucose from D0 to D30 was shown only in diabetes-induced rats . In cinnamon-extracts administered groups , total and LDL cholesterol levels were lower on D30 in both healthy and diabetes-induced animals -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . C. zeylanicum lowered blood glucose , reduced food intake , and improved lipid parameters in diabetes-induced rats . Cinnamon has been studied in randomized controlled trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- for its glycemic-lowering effects , but studies have been small and show conflicting results . A prior meta-analysis did not show significant results , but several RCTs have been published since then . We conducted an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs evaluating cinnamon 's effect on glycemia and lipid levels . MEDLINE , Embase , and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials -LRB- CENTRAL -RRB- were searched through February 2012 . Included RCTs evaluated cinnamon compared with control in patients with type 2 diabetes and reported at least one of the following : glycated hemoglobin -LRB- A1c -RRB- , fasting plasma glucose , total cholesterol , low-density lipoprotein cholesterol -LRB- LDL-C -RRB- , high-density lipoprotein cholesterol -LRB- HDL-C -RRB- , or triglycerides . Weighted mean differences -LRB- with 95 % confidence intervals -RRB- for endpoints were calculated using random-effects models . In a meta-analysis of 10 RCTs -LRB- n = 543 patients -RRB- , cinnamon doses of 120 mg/d to 6 g/d for 4 to 18 weeks reduced levels of fasting plasma glucose -LRB- -24.59 mg/dL ; 95 % CI , -40.52 to -8.67 mg/dL -RRB- , total cholesterol -LRB- -15.60 mg/dL ; 95 % CI , -29.76 to -1.44 mg/dL -RRB- , LDL-C -LRB- -9.42 mg/dL ; 95 % CI , -17.21 to -1.63 mg/dL -RRB- , and triglycerides -LRB- -29.59 mg/dL ; 95 % CI , -48.27 to -10.91 mg/dL -RRB- . Cinnamon also increased levels of HDL-C -LRB- 1.66 mg/dL ; 95 % CI , 1.09 to 2.24 mg/dL -RRB- . No significant effect on hemoglobin A1c levels -LRB- -0.16 % ; 95 % , CI -0.39 % to 0.02 % -RRB- was seen . High degrees of heterogeneity were present for all analyses except HDL-C -LRB- I -LRB- 2 -RRB- ranging from 66.5 % to 94.72 % -RRB- . The consumption of cinnamon is associated with a statistically significant decrease in levels of fasting plasma glucose , total cholesterol , LDL-C , and triglyceride levels , and an increase in HDL-C levels ; however , no significant effect on hemoglobin A1c was found . The high degree of heterogeneity may limit the ability to apply these results to patient care , because the preferred dose and duration of therapy are unclear . Cinnamon -LRB- Cinnamomum sp -RRB- has been suggested to help patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus -LRB- T2DM -RRB- achieve better glycemic control , although conclusions from meta-analyses are mixed . To evaluate whether the use of cinnamon dietary supplements by adults with T2DM had clinically meaningful effects on glycemic control , as measured by changes in fasting plasma glucose -LRB- FPG -RRB- or hemoglobin A1c -LRB- HbA1c -RRB- , a comprehensive PubMed literature search was performed . Eleven randomized controlled trials were identified that met our inclusion criteria that enrolled 694 adults with T2DM receiving hypoglycemic medications or not . In 10 of the studies , participants continued to take their hypoglycemic medications during the cinnamon intervention period . Studies ranged from 4 to 16 weeks in duration ; seven studies were double-blind . Cinnamon doses ranged from 120 to 6,000 mg/day . The species of cinnamon used varied : seven used Cinnamomum cassia or Cinnamomum aromaticum , one used Cinnamomum zeylanicum , and three did not disclose the species . Because of the heterogeneity of the studies , a meta-analysis was not conducted . All 11 of the studies reported some reductions in FPG during the cinnamon intervention , and of the studies measuring HbA1c very modest decreases were also apparent with cinnamon , whereas changes in the placebo groups were minimal . However , only four studies achieved the American Diabetes Association treatment goals -LRB- FPG < 7.2 mmol/L -LSB- 130 mg/dL -RSB- and/or HbAlc < 7.0 -RRB- . We conclude that cinnamon supplements added to standard hypoglycemic medications and other lifestyle therapies had modest effects on FPG and HbA1c . Until larger and more
To compare the long-term results of anti-H . pylori therapy in early-stage , gastric low-grade and high-grade transformed MALT lymphoma , two multicenter prospective studies of anti-H . pylori therapy for early-stage gastric lymphoma conducted in Taiwan , one for low-grade MALT lymphoma , with 34 patients enrolled from March 1996 through April 1999 , and one for high-grade transformed tumors -LRB- diffuse large B-cell lymphoma with features of MALT , DLBCL -LSB- MALT -RSB- lymphoma -RRB- , with 24 patients enrolled since June 1995 , were directly compared . In both studies , patients generally received 2 weeks of antibiotics and had multiple sequential follow-up endoscopic examinations until complete histologic remission -LRB- CR -RRB- or disease progression ; patients were monitored through January 31 , 2004 . CR was defined as regression of lymphoid infiltration to Wotherspoon 's score of 2 or less on all pathologic sections of endoscopic biopsy specimens . All statistical tests were two-sided . All 24 selected high-grade patients were H. pylori positive . None of the five patients who were either initially H. pylori negative or had persistent H. pylori infection after antibiotics achieved CR . After median follow-up of more than 5 years in complete responders , tumor recurrence was observed in three -LRB- 13 % -RRB- low-grade patients but not in high-grade patients . Anti-H .
This multicentre , single-arm , open-label phase 2 trial investigated the efficacy and safety of lenalidomide monotherapy in patients with relapsed/refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma -LRB- PTCL -RRB- . Patients received oral lenalidomide 25 mg once daily on days 1-21 of each 28-day cycle for a maximum of 24 months , until disease progression or development of unacceptable adverse events -LRB- AEs -RRB- . The primary end-point was efficacy ; safety was evaluated as a secondary end-point . This study was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov , number NCT00655668 . The median progression-free survival and median response duration were 2.5 and 3.6 months , respectively , in the intent-to-treat population , and 4.6 and 3.5 months , respectively , in patients with AITL . Thrombocytopenia and neutropenia were the most common grade 3 or 4 haematological AEs , in 11 -LRB- 20 % -RRB- and 8 -LRB- 15 % -RRB- patients , respectively . Overall , 19 patients -LRB- 35 % -RRB- experienced at least 1AE leading to study dose interruption or reduction -LRB- commonly neutropenia or thrombocytopenia -RRB- . Serious AEs were observed in 54 % of patients and 12 patients died during the study ; lymphoma progression -LRB- n = 6 -RRB- ; and acute respiratory distress syndrome , dyspnea , lung infiltration , neutropenic sepsis , pneumonia and cerebral ischaemia -LRB- n = 1 each -RRB- . Lenalidomide exhibited single-agent activity in heavily pretreated patients with PTCL , particularly in patients with AITL . Future development is warranted in specific histologies , such as AITL , and in combination with chemotherapy or other agents considered active in PTCL . Celgene Corporation .
The current standard adjunctive agent used in primary trabeculectomy is mitomycin C -LRB- MMC -RRB- , but it is associated with well known complications . The objective of this study is to test the feasibility of the anti-vascular endothelial growth factor -LRB- anti-VEGF -RRB- agent ranibizumab for adjunctive use instead of MMC -LRB- 0.4 mg/ml -RRB- . A prospective , randomized open label study of 24 consecutive patients undergoing primary trabeculectomy at the Wills Eye Institute Glaucoma Service from March 2008 through February 2010 was conducted . Twenty-four eyes were included in the study and clinical outcomes were examined . There were no significant differences in baseline demographic or clinical characteristics between the ranibizumab and MMC groups . Nine of the 12 ranibizumab patients completed the 1 year study . Three subjects required tube shunt surgery and were removed from the study . Eleven of 12 MMC patients completed the study -LRB- one underwent hip surgery and was lost to follow-up -RRB- . Patients in the ranibizumab arm required more hypotensive medication at month 3 -LRB- p = 0.011 -RRB- . Although there was no IOP difference or difference in medication use between the two treatment groups at one year , more patients in the ranibizumab group required additional glaucoma surgery during the study period .
Fatigue is common after stroke but has no effective treatments . Psychological interventions improve fatigue in other conditions by targeting psychological factors such as mood . We used systematic review and meta-analysis to determine psychological associations of PSF . We systematically searched for studies that reported psychological associations of PSF . We used odds ratios -LRB- ORs -RRB- to estimate the strength of associations and random-effects modeling to calculate summary estimates of ORs . We used stratified meta-analysis to investigate the impact of study design and conducted sensitivity analyses limited to studies that excluded patients with clinical depression and to studies that used depression scales without fatigue items . Thirty-five studies -LRB- n = 9268 -RRB- reported the association between PSF and ≥ 1 psychological factor . For PSF and depressive symptoms , we identified 19 studies -LRB- n = 6712 ; pooled OR = 4.14 ; 95 % confidence interval , 2.73-6.27 -RRB- ; this association existed in patients without clinical depression -LRB- pooled OR = 1.39 ; 95 % confidence interval , 1.27-1.53 -RRB- and in studies using depression scales without fatigue items -LRB- pooled OR = 5.41 ; 95 % confidence interval , 1.54-18.93 -RRB- . For PSF and anxiety , we identified 4 studies -LRB- n = 3884 ; pooled OR = 2.34 ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.98-5.58 -RRB- . Two studies -LRB- n = 123 -RRB- found an association with poor coping styles and 1 study -LRB- n = 167 -RRB- with loss of control . Six studies -LRB- n = 1978 -RRB- reported other emotional or behavioral associations . PSF is associated with depressive symptoms , anxiety , poor coping , loss of control , emotional , and behavioral symptoms . These factors are potential targets for treatment of PSF . Post-stroke fatigue -LRB- PSF -RRB- is common and distressing , but there is insufficient evidence to recommend any effective treatment for it . This paper describes the development and evaluation of the feasibility of a psychological intervention for PSF . Based on psychological correlates of PSF and evidence-based psychological interventions for fatigue in other medical conditions , we developed a manualised psychological intervention for PSF , with input from stroke clinicians , psychological therapists , and stroke survivors . The intervention was delivered by a clinical psychologist to 12 participants with PSF to test its acceptability and feasibility . According to the feedback from participants and therapists , the intervention was refined for future use . The intervention consisted of six individual , face-to-face treatment sessions , and one follow-up , telephone-delivered booster session . It included psycho-education and discussion of strategies to promote physical and social activities and to challenge unhelpful thoughts . Four participants dropped out and the remaining eight participants completed the intervention . These eight participants also completed all assessments and feedback and reported fatigue levels as lower at the end of the study than at the baseline . All participants reported favourable opinions on the intervention and suggested that the last two treatment sessions be combined and the booster session be delivered in person as opposed to telephone . This psychological intervention was acceptable to stroke patients and was feasible in the local health service . These findings suggest that a randomised controlled trial to test efficacy is warranted .
Recent clinical trials have demonstrated the benefit and feasibility of perioperative chemotherapy for treatment of gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma -LRB- GEA -RRB- . Despite convincing results , patients entering such trials usually represent only a fraction of those who are candidates for treatment . Confirmation of trial-reported effects and tolerability in unselected cohorts is therefore required . The aims of this study were to confirm the safety and efficacy of perioperative chemotherapy for resectable GEA and to delineate risks of treatment failure . We conducted a national retrospective cohort analysis of patients admitted for perioperative chemotherapy for resectable GEA . Regimens were epirubicin and capecitabine combined with oxaliplatin or cisplatin . The intention-to-treat analysis included 271 patients . Eighty-seven percent of patients completed preoperative chemotherapy , and 63 % received radical resection . Age > 70 years -LRB- odds ratio 2.58 -RRB- and hypoalbuminemia -LRB- odds ratio 4.10 -RRB- were independent predictors of not undergoing scheduled surgery -LRB- P = 0.033 -RRB- . Grade 3 or higher febrile neutropenia , fatigue , and diarrhea were common in the oxaliplatin group -LRB- n = 128 -RRB- , but hypomagnesaemia and tinnitus/hearing loss were more common in the cisplatin group -LRB- n = 135 -RRB- . The median overall survival was 26.4 months , and the 1 - and 2-year survival rates were 76 and 53 % , respectively . Performance status > 0 -LRB- hazard ratio 1.64 -RRB- and elevated serum lactate dehydrogenase -LRB- hazard ratio 3.03 -RRB- were independent predictors of poor prognosis -LRB- P ≤ 0.05 -RRB- . Perioperative chemotherapy is feasible and well tolerated in patients with good performance status and low incidence of comorbidities . The imaging of specific molecular targets that are associated with cancer should allow earlier diagnosis and better management of oncology patients . Positron emission tomography -LRB- PET -RRB- is a highly sensitive non-invasive technology that is ideally suited for pre-clinical and clinical imaging of cancer biology , in contrast to anatomical approaches . By using radiolabelled tracers , which are injected in non-pharmacological doses , three-dimensional images can be reconstructed by a computer to show the concentration and location -LRB- s -RRB- of the tracer of interest . PET should become increasingly important in cancer imaging in the next decade . An imaging biomarker that would provide for an early quantitative metric of clinical treatment response in cancer patients would provide for a paradigm shift in cancer care . Currently , nonimage based clinical outcome metrics include morphology , clinical , and laboratory parameters , however , these are obtained relatively late following treatment . Diffusion-weighted MRI -LRB- DW-MRI -RRB- holds promise for use as a cancer treatment response biomarker as it is sensitive to macromolecular and microstructural changes which can occur at the cellular level earlier than anatomical changes during therapy . Studies have shown that successful treatment of many tumor types can be detected using DW-MRI as an early increase in the apparent diffusion coefficient -LRB- ADC -RRB- values . Additionally , low pretreatment ADC values of various tumors are often predictive of better outcome . These capabilities , once validated , could provide for an important opportunity to individualize therapy thereby minimizing unnecessary systemic toxicity associated with ineffective therapies with the additional advantage of improving overall patient health care and associated costs . In this report , we provide a brief technical overview of DW-MRI acquisition protocols , quantitative image analysis approaches and review studies which have implemented DW-MRI for the purpose of early prediction of cancer treatment response . The purpose of this study was to assess the correlation between standardized uptake value -LRB- SUV -RRB- and apparent diffusion coefficient -LRB- ADC -RRB- of neoplastic lesions in the use of a simultaneous PET/MRI hybrid system . Twenty-four patients with known primary malignancies underwent FDG PET/CT . They then underwent whole-body PET/MRI . Diffusion-weighted imaging was performed with free breathing and a single-shot spin-echo echo-planar imaging sequence with b values of 0 , 350 , and 750 s/mm -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Regions of interest were manually drawn along the contours of neoplastic lesions larger than 1 cm , which were clearly identified on PET and diffusion-weighted images . Maximum SUV -LRB- SUVmax -RRB- on PET/MRI and PET/CT images , mean SUV -LRB- SUVmean -RRB- , minimum ADC -LRB- ADCmin -RRB- , and mean ADC -LRB- ADCmean -RRB- were recorded on PET/MR images for each FDG-avid neoplastic soft-tissue lesion with a maximum of three lesions per patient . Pearson correlation coefficient was used to asses the following relations : SUVmax versus ADCmin on PET/MR and PET/CT images , SUVmean versus ADCmean , and ratio of SUVmax to mean liver SUV -LRB- SUV ratio -RRB- versus ADCmin . A subanalysis of patients with progressive disease versus partial treatment response was performed with the ratio of SUVmax to ADCmin for the most metabolically active lesion . Sixty-nine neoplastic lesions -LRB- 52 nonosseous lesions , 17 bone metastatic lesions -RRB- were evaluated . The mean SUVmax from PET/MRI was 7.0 ± 6.0 ; SUVmean , 5.6 ± 4.6 ; mean ADCmin , 1.10 ± 0.58 ; and mean ADCmean , 1.48 ± 0.72 . A significant inverse Pearson correlation coefficient was found between PET/MRI SUVmax and ADCmin -LRB- r = -0.21 , p = 0.04 -RRB- , between SUVmean and ADCmean -LRB- r = -0.18 , p = 0.07 -RRB- , and between SUV ratio and ADCmin -LRB- r = -0.27 , p = 0.01 -RRB- . A similar inverse Pearson correlation coefficient was found between the PET/CT SUVmax and ADCmin . Twenty of 24 patients had previously undergone PET/CT ; five patients had a partial treatment response , and six had progressive disease according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors 1.1 . The ratio between SUVmax and ADCmin was higher among patients with progressive disease than those with a partial treatment response . Simultaneous PET/MRI is a promising technology for the detection of neoplastic disease . There are inverse correlations between SUVmax
From 1991-2002 , we treated 58 patients with multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- using the humanised monoclonal antibody , Campath-1H , which causes prolonged T lymphocyte depletion . Clinical and surrogate markers of inflammation were suppressed . In both the relapsing-remitting -LRB- RR -RRB- and secondary progressive -LRB- SP -RRB- stages of the illness , Campath-1H reduced the annual relapse rate -LRB- from 2.2 to 0.19 and from 0.7 to 0.001 respectively ; both p < 0.001 -RRB- . Remarkably , MRI scans of patients with SP disease , treated with Campath-1H 7 years previously , showed no new lesion formation . However , despite these effects on inflammation , disability was differently affected depending on the phase of the disease . Patients with SPMS showed sustained accumulation of disability due to uncontrolled progression marked by unrelenting cerebral atrophy , attributable to ongoing axonal loss . The rate of cerebral atrophy was greatest in patients with established cerebral atrophy and highest inflammatory lesion burden before treatment -LRB- 2.3 versus 0.7 ml/year ; p = 0.04 -RRB- . In contrast , patients with RR disease showed an impressive reduction in disability at 6 months after Campath-1H -LRB- by a mean of 1.2 EDSS points -RRB- perhaps owing to a suppression of on-going inflammation in these patients with unusually active disease . In addition , there was a further significant , albeit smaller , mean improvement in disability up to 36 months after treatment . We speculate that this represents the beneficial effects of early rescue of neurons and axons from a toxic inflammatory environment , and that prevention of demyelination will prevent long-term axonal degeneration . These concepts are currently being tested in a controlled trial comparing Campath-1H and IFN-beta in the treatment of drug-naïve patients with early , active RR MS. Alemtuzumab , an anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody , increased the risk of thyroid dysfunction in CAMMS223 , a phase 2 trial in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis . The objective of the study was a detailed description of thyroid dysfunction in CAMMS223 . Relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients -LRB- n = 334 -RRB- were randomized 1:1:1 to 44 μg sc interferon-β-1a -LRB- SC IFNB-1a , Rebif -RRB- or annual courses of 12 or 24 mg iv alemtuzumab . Thyroid function tests -LRB- TSH , free T3 , free T4 -RRB- and thyrotropin-binding inhibitory immunoglobulin -LRB- TBII -RRB- were assessed at screening , month 1 , and quarterly thereafter ; antithyroid peroxidase antibodies were assessed at screening and every 6 months . Thyroid dysfunction episodes were categorized post hoc by an endocrinologist . During a median follow-up of 57.3 months , 34 % of alemtuzumab and 6.5 % of SC IFNB-1a patients had thyroid dysfunction -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- . Ten percent of alemtuzumab and 3 % of SC IFNB-1a patients had more than one episode of thyroid dysfunction . With alemtuzumab , Graves ' hyperthyroidism occurred in 22 % , hypothyroidism in 7 % , and subacute thyroiditis in 4 % . Of patients with overt Graves ' hyperthyroidism , 23 % spontaneously became euthyroid and an additional 15 % spontaneously developed hypothyroidism . Of patients with overt hypothyroidism , 74 % were TBII positive . The annual incidence of a first episode of thyroid dysfunction increased each year through year 3 and then decreased each subsequent study year . Thyroid dysfunction was more common with alemtuzumab than with SC IFNB-1a . There were few serious episodes . Regular monitoring facilitated early detection . Unique features of this population included high prevalence of Graves ' hyperthyroidism , multiple episodes of thyroid dysfunction in individual patients , spontaneous hypothyroidism after overt Graves ' hyperthyroidism , and a high prevalence of TBII-positive overt hypothyroidism . Alemtuzumab is a monoclonal antibody directed against CD52 that depletes T and B lymphocytes . To evaluate the treatment effect of alemtuzumab on low-contrast vision in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis -LRB- RRMS -RRB- patients . This was a pre-defined exploratory analysis within a randomized , rater-blinded trial -LRB- CAMMS223 -RRB- that was run at 49 academic medical centers in the US and in Europe . Patients with untreated , early , RRMS -LRB- McDonald , n = 334 -RRB- were randomized 1:1:1 to subcutaneous interferon beta-1a -LRB- IFNB-1a -RRB- , or alemtuzumab 12 mg or 24 mg . Visual contrast sensitivity was measured for each eye at baseline and quarterly , with Pelli-Robson charts . Alemtuzumab was associated with a greater chance of improved contrast sensitivity in patients with RRMS and may delay the worsening of visual function . Contrast sensitivity testing was sensitive to treatment effects , even within an active comparator study design . These results support the validity of low-contrast vision testing as a clinical outcome in MS trials . Alemtuzumab is a humanised monoclonal antibody that depletes lymphocytes , causing long-term immunomodulation . In a 3-year , rater-blinded phase 2 study -LRB- the CAMMS223 study -RRB- in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis -LRB- RRMS -RRB- , alemtuzumab reduced relapse rate and the risk of sustained accumulation of disability compared with subcutaneous interferon beta-1a , and the mean expanded disability status scale -LRB- EDSS -RRB- score of the alemtuzumab cohort improved compared with baseline . Adverse events included infusion-associated reactions , predominantly mild to moderate infections , thyroid disorders , and immune thrombocytopenia . In this study , we further analysed the CAMMS223 data with the aim of determining whether demographic and baseline disease-related characteristics affect the beneficial effects of alemtuzumab . Additionally , we aimed to describe a new outcome measure in multiple sclerosis research : sustained reduction in disability . 334 treatment-naive patients with active , early RRMS were randomly assigned in a 1:1:1 ratio to receive interferon beta-1a -LRB- 44 μg subcutaneously three times per week -RRB- , or 24 mg per day or 12 mg per day alemtuzumab intravenously for 2 or 3 annual cycles . We analysed freedom from clinical disease activity -LRB- CDA ; defined as no relapses and no sustained
The pharmacokinetic profile of local anaesthetics is influenced by the mode of administration . We sought to compare the pharmacokinetics of two doses of ropivacaine after fascia iliaca compartment -LRB- FIC -RRB- block in children . In this prospective , double-blind study , children received an FIC block as a part of their anaesthetic management during elective orthopaedic surgery on the thigh . They were randomized to receive ropivacaine 0.7 ml x kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- using either a 0.375 % or 0.5 % solution . Venous blood samples were drawn up to 6 h after injection . Plasma concentrations of ropivacaine were measured by gas-liquid chromatography . Six children -LRB- 10.2 -LRB- range 5-15 -RRB- yr , 35.6 -LRB- sd 10 -RRB- kg were included . FIC block provided satisfactory peroperative pain relief . No signs of toxicity were observed , but high maximal plasma concentrations -LRB- C -LRB- max -RRB- 4.33-5.6 microg ml -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- , were observed for three of four patients in the ropivacaine 0.5 % group . The two patients in the 0.375 % group showed values within the safe range -LRB- C -LRB- max -RRB- 0.66 and 0.98 microg ml -LRB- -1 -RRB- respectively -RRB- . Even though no toxic effects were observed , these results led us to discontinue the study . The administration of ropivacaine 3.5 mg x kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- can be associated with sustained high plasma concentrations of ropivacaine , outside the tolerable range . In view of these results , we recommend the use of lower ropivacaine dosage during FIC block in children . To evaluate the utility of femoral nerve blocks in postoperative pain control after hip arthroscopy . Forty consecutive patients scheduled for hip arthroscopy were randomized into 2 groups for postoperative pain control . Half were to receive routine intravenous narcotics for pain scores of 7 or above in the postanesthesia care unit -LRB- PACU -RRB- , and the other half were to receive a femoral nerve block in the PACU for the same pain scores . Data were compared with respect to patient sex , patient age , traction times , type of procedure , nausea , overall patient satisfaction with analgesia , and duration of time in the PACU . Thirty-six patients had initial pain scores of 7 of 10 or greater on a visual analog scale . Of these patients , 16 were randomized to receive postoperative morphine and 20 to receive a femoral nerve block . There were no significant differences between the 2 groups with respect to sex , age , traction times , or type of procedure performed . Patients who received morphine had a significantly longer time to discharge from the PACU -LRB- 216 minutes -RRB- than the femoral nerve block group -LRB- 177 minutes -RRB- . Patients receiving femoral nerve blocks were significantly more likely to be satisfied with their postoperative pain control -LRB- 90 % -RRB- than those who had received morphine -LRB- 25 % -RRB- . All of the patients receiving a femoral nerve block stated that they would undergo the block again if they needed another hip arthroscopy . On the basis of all criteria studied -LRB- quality of pain relief , length of stay in the PACU , side effects , and patient satisfaction -RRB- , a femoral nerve block is an excellent alternative to routine narcotic pain medication in patients undergoing hip arthroscopy . Level II , randomized controlled trial . Untreated pain is a major health care issue and very little is known about the treatment of pain and the effect of pain on post-operative outcomes in older adults . This study was performed to identify the impact of pain on outcomes following hip fracture in older adults . Four hundred and eleven consecutive cognitively intact patients admitted with hip fracture to four New York hospitals were enrolled in a prospective cohort study . Patients were interviewed daily using standardized pain assessments . We used multiple logistic regression and ordinary least squares linear regression to examine the association of post-operative pain on immediate post-operative outcomes -LRB- duration of stay , physical therapy sessions missed or shortened , ambulation following surgery , and post-operative complications -RRB- and outcomes 6 months following fracture -LRB- locomotion , mortality , return to the community , residual pain -RRB- . Patients with higher pain scores at rest had significantly longer hospital lengths of stay -LRB- P = 0.03 -RRB- , were significantly more likely to have physical therapy sessions missed or shortened -LRB- P = 0.002 -RRB- , were significantly less likely to be ambulating by post-operative day 3 -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- , took significantly longer to ambulate past a bedside chair -LRB- P = 0.01 -RRB- , and had significantly lower locomotion scores at 6 months -LRB- P = 0.02 -RRB- . Pain at rest was not significantly associated with post-operative complications , nursing home placement , survival at 6 months , or residual pain at 6 months . Post-operative pain is associated with increased hospital length of stay , delayed ambulation , and long-term functional impairment . Whereas appropriate caution is warranted in administering opioid analgesics to older adults , these data suggest that improved pain control may decrease length of stay , enhance functional recovery , and improve long-term functional outcomes . Opioids are broad spectrum analgesics that are an integral part of the therapeutic armamentarium to combat pain in the palliative care population . Unfortunately , among the adverse effects of opioids that may be experienced along with analgesia is nausea , vomiting , and/or retching . Although it is conceivable that in the future , using combination agents -LRB- opioids combined with agents which may nullify emetic effects -RRB- , currently nausea/vomiting remains a significant issue for certain patients . However , there exists potential current strategies that may be useful in efforts to diminish the frequency and/or intensity of opioid-induced nausea/vomiting -LRB- OINV -RRB- . Continuous
Evidence suggests that light and circadian rhythms profoundly influence the physiologic capacity with which an organism responds to stress . However , the ramifications of light spectrum on the course of critical illness remain to be determined . Here , we show that acute exposure to bright blue spectrum light reduces organ injury by comparison with bright red spectrum or ambient white fluorescent light in two murine models of sterile insult : warm liver ischemia/reperfusion -LRB- I/R -RRB- and unilateral renal I/R . Exposure to bright blue light before I/R reduced hepatocellular injury and necrosis and reduced acute kidney injury and necrosis . In both models , blue light reduced neutrophil influx , as evidenced by reduced myeloperoxidase -LRB- MPO -RRB- within each organ , and reduced the release of high-mobility group box 1 -LRB- HMGB1 -RRB- , a neutrophil chemotactant and key mediator in the pathogenesis of I/R injury . The protective mechanism appeared to involve an optic pathway and was mediated , in part , by a sympathetic -LRB- β3 adrenergic -RRB- pathway that functioned independent of significant alterations in melatonin or corticosterone concentrations to regulate neutrophil recruitment . These data suggest that modifying the spectrum of light may offer therapeutic utility in sterile forms of cellular injury . Light before and during acute illness has been associated with both benefit and harm in animal models and small human studies . Our objective was to determine the associations of light duration -LRB- photoperiod -RRB- and intensity -LRB- insolation -RRB- before and during critical illness with hospital mortality in ICU patients . Based on the ` winter immunoenhancement ' theory , we tested the hypothesis that a shorter photoperiod before critical illness is associated with improved survival . We analyzed data from 11,439 patients admitted to 8 ICUs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center between June 30 , 1999 and July 31 , 2004 . Daily photoperiod and insolation prior to and after ICU admission were estimated for each patient by using data provided by the United States Naval Observatory and National Aeronautics and Space Administration and direct measurement of light gradient from outside to bedside for each ICU room . Our primary outcome was hospital mortality . The association between light and risk of death was analyzed using multivariate analyses , adjusting for potential confounders , including severity of illness , case mix , and ICU type . The cohort had an average APACHE III of 52.9 and a hospital mortality of 10.7 % . Pre-illness photoperiod ranged from 259 to 421 hours in the prior month . In the ICU , there was near complete -LRB- 99.6 % -RRB- degradation of natural light from outside to the ICU bed . Thus , light exposure once in the ICU approached zero ; the 24-hour insolation was 0.005 ± 0.003 kWh/m ² with little diurnal variation . There was no association between ICU photoperiod or insolation and mortality . Consistent with the winter immunoenhancement theory , a shorter photoperiod in the month before critical illness is associated with a reduced risk of death . Once in the ICU , patients are exposed to near negligible natural light despite the presence of windows . Further studies are warranted to determine the underlying mechanisms and whether manipulating light exposure , before or during ICU admission , can enhance survival .
Two randomized , blinded phase I studies were conducted : a single-dose study -LRB- n = 60 -RRB- comparing subcutaneous or intramuscular PEG-IFN beta-1a -LRB- 63 , 125 , or 188 µg -RRB- with intramuscular unmodified IFN beta-1a 30 µg and a multiple-dose study -LRB- n = 69 -RRB- comparing subcutaneous PEG-IFN beta-1a dosed once every 2 or 4 weeks with placebo . A dose-proportional increase in PEG-IFN beta-1a exposure was observed , with a 4-fold greater exposure at 63 µg -LRB- 6 million international units -LSB- MIU -RSB- -RRB- of PEG-IFN beta-1a than with 30 µg -LRB- 6 MIU -RRB- intramuscular unmodified IFN beta-1a . PEG-IFN beta-1a was well tolerated , with only transient reductions in absolute neutrophils and some lymphocytes . Flu-like symptoms were a commonly reported adverse event .
To determine whether time-based early treatment , independent of pain intensity , is superior to a pain intensity-based treatment , where patients are asked to treat at least moderate intensity headaches , resulting in a reduction of overall migraine headache duration . Retrospective and prospective trials have reported improved outcomes when triptans were used early or to treat mild migraine headache pain . However , tolerability as well as efficacy may be 2 of several key issues that have prevented this new treatment paradigm from becoming universally accepted . In this multicenter , open-label , cluster-randomized study , patients with IHS-defined migraine were instructed to treat 2 sequential migraine headaches with almotriptan 12.5 mg using either Early Treatment -LRB- ET , ie , treat at earliest onset of headache pain , within 1 hour -RRB- or Standard Treatment -LRB- ST , ie , treat when headache pain intensity is moderate or severe -RRB- . The novel trial design uses total migraine headache pain duration as the primary endpoint . Results are presented for the first headache and include an ITT population of 757 ET and 693 ST patients . An analysis of the ET subgroup treating headache pain within 1 hour of onset revealed pain intensity , ie , treating mild or moderate versus severe pain , was significantly correlated with treatment outcomes defined by total headache duration , 2-hour pain free , sustained pain free , and use of rescue medication . Multivariate analyses comparing ST subgroups that treated within 1 hour versus greater than 1 hour after headache onset , demonstrate that both pain intensity , ie , treating moderate versus severe headache pain , and treating early versus late , were significantly correlated with total headache duration , 2-hour pain free , sustained pain free , and use of rescue medication . Total headache duration was significantly shorter in the early treatment group compared to the standard treatment group . Considering time to treatment within a relatively early range of 1 hour or less , efficacy results when treating mild versus moderate pain were similar and both were associated with better outcomes than treatment of severe pain . When considering the prognostic variables of time to treatment and headache pain intensity -LRB- limited to moderate vs severe -RRB- , both were independent predictors , with time to treatment a better predictor of headache duration and rescue medication use , and pain intensity a better predictor of 2-hour pain free and sustained pain free .
The purpose of this meta-analysis is to evaluate the effectiveness of different systemic antibiotics in combination with scaling and root planing -LRB- SRP -RRB- when compared to SRP alone in patients with untreated chronic periodontitis . Although chronic periodontitis is mostly treated without adjunctive systemic antibiotics , some recent meta-analyses have shown clinical benefit for some systemic antibiotics when used as an adjunct to SRP . However , there is a wide variety of systemic antibiotic regimens used today . The MEDLINE-PubMed database was searched from their earliest records through May 16 , 2013 . Several journals were hand searched and some authors were contacted for additional information . Outcome measures analysed were mean bleeding on probing change , mean clinical attachment level gain and mean probing pocket depth reduction . Extracted data were pooled using a random effect model . Weighted mean differences were calculated and heterogeneity was assessed . The search yielded 281 abstracts . Ultimately , 95 studies were selected , describing 43 studies meeting the eligibility criteria . Statistically , no specific type of antibiotic was superior over another . However , when analysing the clinical data for initially moderate pockets or deep pockets , some trends became apparent . Systemic antibiotics combined with SRP offer additional clinical improvements compared to SRP alone . Although there were no statistically significant differences , there was a trend that for initially moderate and deep pockets , metronidazole or metronidazole combined with amoxicillin , resulted in clinical improvements that were more pronounced over doxycycline or azithromycin . Additionally , there was a trend that the magnitude of the clinical benefit became smaller over time -LRB- 1 year -RRB- .
Over the past decade research has suggested that stutterers have bilateral cerebral motor or auditory speech areas . Three typical adult stutterers showed normal unilateral left cerebral dominance for speech on the intracarotid sodium amylobarbitone -LRB- amytal -RRB- test , but one ` dysphatic ' stutterer had bilateral cortical speech representation . The latter is a very rare finding in right handed individuals and presumably is a consequence of the head injury induced aphasia that preceded the onset of stuttering . Cerebral glucose metabolism was determined with positron emission tomography and -LRB- 11C -RRB- - deoxyglucose in 29 normal subjects between the ages of 23 and 55 . Partial correlation coefficients , controlling for whole brain glucose metabolism , were calculated for pairs of metabolic rates in 14 cortical and 2 subcortical regions . Both stimulated and unstimulated subjects showed statistically significant correlations between left and right hemisphere homologs . The stimulated subjects also showed significant within-hemisphere correlations between left but not right hemisphere regions . These included left perisylvian regions classically associated with language functions -LRB- left inferior frontal , left superior temporal and left transverse temporal cortical regions -RRB- as well as other regions . Significant correlations between left regions and a right superior temporal region were also found . In general , these findings show a pattern of cross-hemisphere symmetry at rest and of hemisphere asymmetry during stimulation . Moreover , the asymmetry observed during stimulation appears to be superimposed upon a pattern of cross-hemisphere symmetry similar to that observed in the unstimulated state .
A guide to the incidence , aetiology and treatment of sacrococcygeal pilonidal disease . Three hundred and twenty two patients with pilonidal sinus disease were studied to determine factors for the development and maintenance of the disease . A calculated incidence of the disease of 26 per 100,000 inhabitants was found . It occurred 2.2 times more often in men than in women . Age at presentation was 21 years for men and 19 for women . Patients had two years -LRB- median -RRB- disease history before being referred for treatment . A family history could be found in 38 % of the patients . 50 % had normal body weight , and 37 % were overweight . Local trauma or irritation preceded the condition in 34 % , and a sedentary occupation was reported by 44 % . Male sex , adolescence or youth , and a familial disposition seem to be associated with the development of pilonidal sinus . Local trauma and overweight are the most important conditioning factors for development of symptomatic pilonidal sinus disease . Three treatments for chronic pilonidal disease were compared in a randomized trial . Healing without formation of new sinuses occurred equally frequent after excision -LRB- E -RRB- , excision with suture -LRB- E + S -RRB- and excision with suture under cover with clindamycin -LRB- E + S + C -RRB- . The times of healing were significantly shorter after E + S -LRB- median 14 days , n = 29 -RRB- than after E -LRB- 64 days , n = 29 -RRB- and tended to be even shorter after E + S + C -LRB- 11 days , n = 30 -RRB- . Recurrence rates within 3 years amounted to 13 per cent after E , 25 per cent after E + S and 19 per cent after E + S + C , but the total time of healing after initial surgery as well as excision of recurrences was significantly shorter after E + S than after E and tended to be even shorter after E + S + C. To find out whether failure of primary wound healing after excision and primary suture for chronic pilonidal sinus predicts recurrence . Follow-up of one prospective study and one subsequent randomised , multicentre study . Three teaching hospitals in WesternNorway . A total of 197 consecutive patients operated on for chronic pilonidal sinus . Fifty two patients in the prospective group were given cloxacillin perioperatively . In the randomised study , 145 patients were randomised to have either a single preoperative dose of cefoxitin 2 g intravenously -LRB- n = 73 -RRB- or no prophylaxis -LRB- n = 72 -RRB- . Patients were followed up for a median of 7 years . Recurrence of pilonidal sinus . In the prospective group there were 10 recurrences -LRB- 19 % -RRB- . In the randomised study 6 patients -LRB- 8 % -RRB- who had been given antibiotic prophylaxis had a recurrence compared with 14 patients -LRB- 19 % -RRB- who had not been given prophylaxis -LRB- p = 0.09 -RRB- . In both groups , failure of primary normal healing was significantly associated with early recurrence -LRB- p = 0.0002 -RRB- . Neither the use of antibiotics nor sex had any significant influence on the incidence of recurrences . Most recurrences occurred within the first year . Wound complications significantly influenced the recurrence rate whereas antibiotics did not . Most recurrences were seen early . Most surgically sutured wounds heal without any complication . However , in some cases wound healing can be delayed due to the presence of infection or wound breakdown . This can result in the wounds becoming cavity wounds and thus necessitate healing by secondary intention . Other surgical wounds that are not sutured but left to heal by secondary intention include abscess cavities such as perianal abscesses or breast abscesses . Surgical wounds healing by secondary intention are thought to heal more slowly than wounds healing by primary intention , especially if infection is present or healing is compromised by factors such as decreased blood supply , poor nutritional status or a general suppression of the immune response . Such wounds may contain dead tissue and have a moderate or high level of exudate . Debridement involves the removal of devitalised , necrotic tissue or fibrin from a wound . There are many different methods that can be used to debride a wound , which are broadly classified as surgical/sharp , biosurgical , mechanical , chemical , enzymatic and autolytic . Although it is generally agreed that the management of surgical wounds which contain devitalised tissue and are healing by secondary intention requires debridement , it is not always clear as to what is the best method or agent to use . There is currently a large selection of products with debriding properties available on the market , which vary considerably in cost . It is important that the choice of both debriding method and product is based on the best scientific evidence available , taking into account both cost and effectiveness data . The review had two main objectives : -LRB- 1 -RRB- To determine the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of debriding agents in treating surgical wounds healing by secondary intention . -LRB- 2 -RRB- To evaluate the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of treating patients with surgical wounds healing by secondary intention at specialised wound care clinics as compared to conventional care . The review incorporated all debriding methods and any agent that is considered to have a debriding property . METHODS The following databases were searched using strategies designed specifically for each database : MEDLINE , EMBASE , CINAHL , HMIC -LRB- Health Management Information Consortium -RRB- , CCTR via the Cochrane Library , the National Research Register -LRB- NRR -RRB- , the NHS Economic Evaluation Database -LRB- NHS EED -RRB- , and the Health Economic Evaluations Database -LRB- HEED -RRB- . Additional references were
Evaluation of the nociception-anti-nociception balance during anesthesia is still challenging and routinely based on clinical criteria such as movement or vegetative response . Recently , the Analgesia Nociception Index -LRB- ANI -RRB- derived from heart rate variability and the Surgical Pleth Index -LRB- SPI -RRB- derived from photoplethysmographic signal were introduced for quantification of the analgesic component of anesthesia . After obtaining informed consent , we studied twenty-four patients -LRB- ASA I-II -RRB- scheduled for elective surgery during induction of anesthesia with sevoflurane and a stepwise increase of remifentanil effect site concentrations . Insertion of a laryngeal mask , tetanic stimulations as well as tracheal intubation were studied as nociceptive events . A total of 120 events were analysed . Both ANI and SPI enabled consistent detection of nociceptive events by significant changes -LRB- ∆ -RRB- . Further , ∆ ANI and ∆ SPI significantly indicated patient 's movement after tetanic stimulation with a prediction probability of 0.74 and 0.84 . Non-invasive monitoring of ANI and SPI reflected nociceptive stimulation during sevoflurane-remifentanil anesthesia and therefore may indicate the nociception - anti-nociception balance . Whether guidance of anesthesia by these variables will improve anesthesia care during surgery needs to be further evaluated . Measurement of the balance between nociception and anti-nociception during anaesthesia is challenging and not yet clinically established . The Surgical pleth index -LRB- SPI -RRB- , derived from photoplethysmography , was proposed as a surrogate measure of nociception . Recently , the analgesia nociception index -LRB- ANI -RRB- derived by heart rate -LRB- HR -RRB- variability was developed . The aim of the present study was to challenge the ability of ANI compared with SPI to detect standardized noxious stimulation during propofol-remifentanil anaesthesia . After Ethics approval and informed consent , 25 patients were anaesthetized with propofol -LSB- bispectral index -LRB- BIS -RRB- 30-60 -RSB- . A laryngeal mask -LRB- LMA -RRB- was inserted and remifentanil stepwise increased to effect-site concentrations -LRB- Ce -LRB- remi -RRB- -RRB- of 0 , 2 , and 4 ng ml -LRB- -1 -RRB- . At each step , tetanic stimulation -LRB- STIM -RRB- was applied . ANI , SPI , BIS , HR , and mean arterial pressure -LRB- MAP -RRB- were obtained before and after LMA insertion and each STIM . Analysis was performed using Wilcoxon rank tests and calculation of prediction probabilities -LRB- P -LRB- K -RRB- -RRB- . ANI and SPI , but not BIS , HR , or MAP , were significantly -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- changed at all examined steps . ANI response to STIM was -LRB- median -LSB- IQR -RSB- -RRB- -24 -LSB- -12-35 -RSB- , -30 -LSB- -20 - -40 -RSB- and -13 -LSB- -5 - -27 -RSB- at 0 , 2 and 4 ng ml -LRB- -1 -RRB- Ce -LRB- remi -RRB- . However , prediction of movement to STIM was not better than by chance , as P -LRB- K -RRB- values were 0.41 -LRB- 0.08 -RRB- for ANI and 0.62 -LRB- 0.08 -RRB- for SPI . The two variables , ANI and SPI , enabled consistent reflection of stimulation during propofol-remifentanil anaesthesia . Nevertheless , ANI and SPI may improve detection but not prediction of a possible inadequate nociception-anti-nociception balance . Clinicaltrials.gov Identifier . NCT01522508 . At present , short-acting drugs are used in order to achieve the three components of anaesthesia , that is , analgesia , hypnosis and immobility . Assessment of the ` analgesia ' component in daily clinical routine is , in contrast to the other components , still based on very unspecific clinical ` end ' points such as movement , tearing , tachycardia or hypertension . Individually tailored analgesia , however , should enable to maintain an individual nociceptive-anti-nociceptive balance and better avoid these unwanted responses to surgical stimulation . During the last decade , a variety of monitoring systems were developed in order to assess the nociceptive balance . These are , among others , based on the frontal electroencephalography -LRB- EEG -RRB- and electromyography -LRB- EMG -RRB- response , evaluation of the autonomic state and autonomic reactions , spinal reflex pathways and calculated drug concentrations . The present review gives an overview on the topic of ` analgesia ' monitoring , the available monitoring systems and their clinical evaluation . Most of the systems allow a rapid detection of the nociceptive input ; nonetheless , the prediction of an autonomic or somatic response has still to be improved . Several studies reported fewer unwanted events , reduced opioid consumption and shorter emergence from anaesthesia , when opioid administration was based upon monitoring of the nociceptive-anti-nociceptive balance . However , research on the mechanisms of pain processing and for better tools to assess the ` analgesia ' component has to continue in order to improve our daily practice . Evaluation of analgesia and antinociception during anaesthesia is still a challenging issue and routinely based on indirect and non-specific signs such as movement , tachycardia , or lacrimation . Recently , the surgical pleth index -LRB- SPI -RRB- derived by finger plethysmography was introduced to detect nociceptive stimulation during anaesthesia . While SPI guidance reduced the number of unwanted events during total i.v. anaesthesia -LRB- TIVA -RRB- , the impact of SPI during volatile-based anaesthesia with intermittent opioid administration has not yet been elucidated . Ninety-four patients were randomized into either SPI-guided analgesia or standard practice -LRB- Control -RRB- . In both groups , anaesthesia was maintained with sevoflurane to keep bispectral index values between 40 and 60 . In the SPI group , patients received a sufentanil bolus -LRB- 10 μg -RRB- whenever SPI value increased above 50 , whereas in the control group , sufentanil was administered according to standard clinical practice . The number of unwanted somatic events , haemodynamics , sufentanil consumption , and recovery times were recorded . The incidence of intraoperative unwanted somatic events was comparable between the groups -LRB- P = 0.89 -RRB- . No significant differences with
Experimental methods to quantify alveolar fluid clearance have been adapted for our studies in patients with acute lung injury -LRB- ALI -RRB- or ARDS . We recently completed a study of 79 patients with ALI/ARDS that was designed to examine alveolar fluid clearance in the setting of alveolar epithelial injury from ALI/ARDS . Pulmonary edema fluid and plasma were sampled serially in the first 4 h after endotracheal intubation and the initiation of positive-pressure ventilation . Net alveolar fluid clearance was calculated from sequential edema fluid protein measurements . Patients with maximal alveolar fluid clearance had a significantly lower mortality rate and a shorter duration of mechanical ventilation . Several mechanisms may account for the decrease in the rate of alveolar fluid clearance in ALI/ARDS patients , including hypoxia , reactive oxygen species , reactive nitrogen species , and the loss of an intact epithelial barrier in the distal airspaces of the lung . Despite the epithelial injury in patients with ALI/ARDS , some experimental studies have suggested that alveolar fluid clearance could be increased with therapy using cyclic adenosine monophosphate agonists or other pharmacologic agents . We performed a randomized , prospective trial to evaluate whether fluid management that emphasized diuresis and fluid restriction in patients with pulmonary edema could affect the development or resolution of extravascular lung water -LRB- EVLW -RRB- , as well as time on mechanical ventilation and time in the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- , in critically ill patients requiring pulmonary artery catheterization -LRB- PAC -RRB- . PAC was performed on 101 patients . A total of 52 patients were randomized to an EVLW management group using a protocol based on bedside indicator-dilution measurements of EVLW . The other 49 patients were randomized to a wedge pressure -LRB- WP -RRB- management group in whom fluid management decisions were guided by WP measurements . A total of 89 patients had pulmonary edema -LRB- defined as EVLW greater than 7 ml/kg ideal body weight -RRB- . Except for a clinically unimportant difference in mean age , the two groups were entirely comparable at baseline . The study groups were managed differently , as evidenced by cumulative input-output of 2,239 + / - 3,695 ml -LRB- median = 1,600 ml -RRB- in the WP group versus 142 + / - 3,632 ml -LRB- median = 754 ml -RRB- in the EVLW group -LRB- p = 0.001 -RRB- . EVLW decreased significantly , and ventilator-days and ICU days were significantly shorter only in patients from the EVLW group . No clinically significant adverse effect occurred as a result of following the EVLW group algorithm . Thus , a lower positive fluid balance , especially in patients with pulmonary edema regardless of cause , is associated with reduced EVLW , ventilator-days , and ICU days . We prospectively evaluated a protocol that included extravascular thermal volume -LRB- ETV -RRB- as a measure of extravascular lung water -LRB- EVLW -RRB- instead of pulmonary artery wedge pressure -LRB- Ppaw -RRB- measurements to guide the hemodynamic management of 48 critically ill patients . Patients were randomized to either a protocol management -LRB- PM -RRB- , or to a routine management -LRB- RM -RRB- group . In the RM group , EVLW measurements were unknown to the primary care physicians . The 2 groups were similar with respect to age , gender , and severity of illness . In patients with initially high EVLW , EVLW fell to a greater extent in PM than in RM patients -LRB- 18 + / - 5 versus 4 + / - 8 % decrease , p less than 0.05 -RRB- . This difference was even greater in patients with heart failure . No adverse effects on oxygenation or renal function occurred in following the protocol . Mortality for the groups as a whole was similar , but was significantly better -LRB- p less than 0.05 -RRB- for PM patients with initially high EVLW and normal Ppaw -LRB- predominantly patients with sepsis or the adult respiratory distress syndrome -RRB- . For both groups , patients with an initial EVLW greater than 14 ml/kg had a significantly greater mortality than did those with a lesser amount of EVLW : 13 of 15 -LRB- 87 % -RRB- versus 13 of 32 -LRB- 41 % -RRB- , p less than 0.05 . We conclude that management based on a protocol using EVLW measurements is safe , may hasten the resolution of pulmonary edema , and may lead to improved outcome in some critically ill patients . Optimal fluid management in patients with acute lung injury is unknown . Diuresis or fluid restriction may improve lung function but could jeopardize extrapulmonary-organ perfusion . In a randomized study , we compared a conservative and a liberal strategy of fluid management using explicit protocols applied for seven days in 1000 patients with acute lung injury . The primary end point was death at 60 days . Secondary end points included the number of ventilator-free days and organ-failure-free days and measures of lung physiology . The rate of death at 60 days was 25.5 percent in the conservative-strategy group and 28.4 percent in the liberal-strategy group -LRB- P = 0.30 ; 95 percent confidence interval for the difference , -2.6 to 8.4 percent -RRB- . The mean -LRB- + / - SE -RRB- cumulative fluid balance during the first seven days was -136 + / -491 ml in the conservative-strategy group and 6992 + / -502 ml in the liberal-strategy group -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . As compared with the liberal strategy , the conservative strategy improved the oxygenation index -LRB- -LSB- mean airway pressure x the ratio of the fraction of inspired oxygen to the partial pressure of arterial oxygen -RSB- x100 -RRB- and the lung injury score and increased the number of ventilator-free days -LRB- 14.6 + / -0.5 vs. 12.1 + / -0.5 , P < 0.001 -RRB- and days not spent in the intensive care unit -LRB- 13.4
Introduction . This paper focuses on the application of Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy -LRB- MRS -RRB- to the study of Major Depressive Disorder -LRB- MDD -RRB- in children and adolescents . Method . A literature search using the National Institutes of Health 's PubMed database was conducted to identify indexed peer-reviewed MRS studies in pediatric patients with MDD . Results . The literature search yielded 18 articles reporting original MRS data in pediatric MDD . Neurochemical alterations in Choline , Glutamate , and N-Acetyl Aspartate are associated with pediatric MDD , suggesting pathophysiologic continuity with adult MDD . Conclusions .
Recovery time and quality after general anaesthesia is important for patient safety . This study aimed to determine whether intravenous lipid emulsion could improve recovery profiles from isoflurane anaesthesia in adult patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy . Sixty-six patients were enrolled . After anaesthesia induction , inspired isoflurane concentration was adjusted to maintain stable vital signs and the suitable conditions for operation . At the end of the operation , the isoflurane was discontinued , and either 2 ml/kg 30 % lipid emulsions or 0.9 % saline solution was administered intravenously . The time to eye opening , extubation and exit from the operation room was recorded , and the quality of recovery from anaesthesia was assessed . Sixty patients completed the study . The median time to eye opening and exit from the operation room was significantly shorter in the lipid emulsion group than in the saline group -LSB- 15.5 -LRB- interquartile range 9.0 -RRB- versus 20.0 -LRB- 10.0 -RRB- min. , p = 0.01 ; 19.5 -LRB- 8.3 -RRB- versus 23.6 -LRB- 6.3 -RRB- min. , p = 0.04 , respectively -RSB- , whereas the median time to extubation did not show any noticeable difference . The quality of recovery was better in the lipid emulsion group than that of the saline solution group with respect to drowsiness visual analogue scale score -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- , Observer 's Assessment of Alertness/Sedation score -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- , Mini-Mental State Examination score -LRB- p = 0.04 -RRB- and Modified Aldrete Post Anaesthesia Recovery score -LRB- p = 0.03 -RRB- . No serious adverse events were observed during the study period . In conclusion , intravenous lipid emulsion may effectively improve the recovery time and quality from isoflurane anaesthesia for laparoscopic cholecystectomy . The effects of immediate postoperative enteral nutrition on postoperative nitrogen balance and insulin resistance were studied in patients subjected to an enhanced-recovery protocol . Eighteen patients undergoing major colorectal surgery in an enhanced-recovery protocol were randomized to immediate postoperative enteral feeding for 4 days with either complete or hypocaloric nutrition . Nitrogen balance and changes in glucose kinetics , substrate utilization -LRB- indirect calorimetry -RRB- and insulin sensitivity -LRB- hyperinsulinaemic-euglycaemic clamp -RRB- were measured . Complete enteral feeding was given without hyperglycaemia -LRB- blood glucose concentration 5.8 -LRB- 0.4 -RRB- versus 5.0 -LRB- 0.4 -RRB- mmol/l -RRB- and resulted in nitrogen balance -LRB- +0.1 -LRB- 0.8 -RRB- versus -12.6 -LRB- 0.6 -RRB- g nitrogen per day ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . This enhanced-recovery protocol was associated with minimal postoperative insulin resistance and nitrogen losses after surgery . Immediate postoperative enteral nutrition was provided without hyperglycaemia and resulted in nitrogen balance . Enhanced recovery after surgery -LRB- ERAS -RRB- is a multimodal perioperative care pathway designed to attenuate the stress response during the patients ' journey through a surgical procedure to facilitate the maintenance of preoperative bodily compositions and organ function and in doing so achieve early recovery . The key factors that keep patients in hospital after uncomplicated major abdominal surgery include the need for parenteral analgesia , intravenous fluids secondary to persistent gut dysfunction , and bed rest caused by lack of mobility . The elements of the ERAS pathways are aimed to address these issues and the interventions that facilitate early recovery cover all three phases of the perioperative period during the patients ' journey . They also provide clear guidance to all members of the clinical team .
One hundred patients with nongynecological malignancies found with peritoneal carcinomatosis were followed prospectively . The most common primary tumors were colorectal -LRB- N = 45 -RRB- and pancreatic -LRB- N = 20 -RRB- carcinoma . When associated with pancreatic carcinoma , 65 % of patients had liver metastases and 60 % had ascites . The presence of ascites was associated with poor survival , with no patient surviving past 30 days . Ascites was also a sign of poor prognosis in patients with colorectal carcinoma . Among possible prognostic factors in colorectal carcinoma patients , only disease-free interval , presence of lung metastases , and ascites showed statistically significant correlations with survival . Surgical intervention for gastrointestinal complications in peritoneal carcinomatosis can provide significant palliation , with a few exceptions such as in patients with pancreatic or gastric carcinoma , ascites , and poor performance status . We performed this phase III study to compare the irinotecan , leucovorin -LRB- LV -RRB- , and fluorouracil -LRB- FU -RRB- regimen -LRB- FOLFIRI -RRB- versus the oxaliplatin , LV , and FU regimen -LRB- FOLFOX4 -RRB- in previously untreated patients with advanced colorectal cancer . A total of 360 chemotherapy-naive patients were randomly assigned to receive , every 2 weeks , either arm A -LRB- FOLFIRI : irinotecan 180 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- on day 1 with LV 100 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- administered as a 2-hour infusion before FU 400 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- administered as an intravenous bolus injection , and FU 600 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- as a 22-hour infusion immediately after FU bolus injection on days 1 and 2 -LSB- LV5FU2 -RSB- -RRB- or arm B -LRB- FOLFOX4 : oxaliplatin 85 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- on day 1 with LV5FU2 regimen -RRB- . One hundred sixty-four and 172 patients were assessable in arm A and B , respectively . In both arms A and B , median time to progression -LRB- TTP ; 7 v 7 months , respectively -RRB- , duration of response -LRB- 9 v 10 months , respectively -RRB- , and overall survival -LRB- OS ; 14 v 15 months , respectively -RRB- were similar , without any statistically significant difference . Toxicity was mild in both groups : alopecia and gastrointestinal disturbances were the most common toxicities in arm A ; thrombocytopenia and neurosensorial were the most common toxicities in arm B. Grade 3 to 4 toxicities were uncommon in both arms , and no statistical significant difference was observed . There is no difference in ORR , TTP , and OS for patients treated with the FOLFIRI or FOLFOX4 regimen . Both therapies seemed effective as first-line treatment in these patients . The difference between these two combination therapies is mainly in the toxicity profile .
The human intestinal tract harbors a complex microbial ecosystem which plays a key role in nutrition and health . Although this microbiota has been studied in great detail by culture techniques , microscopic counts on human feces suggest that 60 to 80 % of the observable bacteria can not be cultivated . Using comparative analysis of cloned 16S rRNA gene -LRB- rDNA -RRB- sequences , we have investigated the bacterial diversity -LRB- both cultivated and noncultivated bacteria -RRB- within an adult-male fecal sample . The 284 clones obtained from 10-cycle PCR were classified into 82 molecular species -LRB- at least 98 % similarity -RRB- . Three phylogenetic groups contained 95 % of the clones : the Bacteroides group , the Clostridium coccoides group , and the Clostridium leptum subgroup . The remaining clones were distributed among a variety of phylogenetic clusters . Only 24 % of the molecular species recovered corresponded to described organisms -LRB- those whose sequences were available in public databases -RRB- , and all of these were established members of the dominant human fecal flora -LRB- e.g. , Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron , Fusobacterium prausnitzii , and Eubacterium rectale -RRB- . However , the majority of generated rDNA sequences -LRB- 76 % -RRB- did not correspond to known organisms and clearly derived from hitherto unknown species within this human gut microflora . A predisposition to colorectal cancer is shown to be linked to markers on chromosome 2 in some families . Molecular features of `` familial '' cancers were compared with those of sporadic colon cancers . Neither the familial nor sporadic cancers showed loss of heterozygosity for chromosome 2 markers , and the incidence of mutations in KRAS , P53 , and APC was similar in the two groups of tumors . Most of the familial cancers , however , had widespread alterations in short repeated DNA sequences , suggesting that numerous replication errors had occurred during tumor development . Thirteen percent of sporadic cancers had identical abnormalities and these cancers shared biologic properties with the familial cases . These data suggest a mechanism for familial tumorigenesis different from that mediated by classic tumor suppressor genes . The fecal floras of polyp patients , Japanese-Hawaiians , North American Caucasians , rural native Japanese , and rural native Africans were compared . The polyp patients and Japanese-Hawaiians were considered to be groups at high risk of colon cancer , and the rural native Japanese and rural native Africans were considered to be groups at low risk . The North American Caucasians were found to have a flora composition intermediate between these two groups . Fifteen bacterial taxa from the human fecal flora were significantly associated with high risk of colon cancer , and five were significantly associated with low risk of colon cancer . Total concentrations of Bacteroides species and , surprisingly , Bifidobacterium species were generally positively associated with increased risk of colon cancer . Some Lactobacillus species and Eubacterium aerofaciens , which also produces major amounts of lactic acid , showed closest associations with low risk of colon cancer . To describe average levels of free-living energy expenditure in people from affluent societies and to determine the influence of body weight , height , age and sex . Analysis of 574 measurements of total energy expenditure -LRB- TEE , assessed by the doubly-labelled water method -RRB- ; basal metabolic rate -LRB- BMR , directly measured or derived from similar directly measured proxy measures such as during sleep -RRB- ; activity energy expenditure -LRB- AEE , derived as TEE-BMR -RRB- ; and physical activity level -LRB- PAL , derived as TEE/BMR -RRB- from people aged 2-95 years . The dataset was extracted from 1614 published and unpublished measurements in 1156 subjects after exclusion of repeat estimates and subjects in special physiological or behavioural states -LRB- eg pregnancy , athletic or military training etc -RRB- . A separate analysis of data from non-ambulant subjects , and from elite endurance athletes -LRB- all excluded from the main dataset -RRB- established the limits of human daily energy expenditure at around 1.2 x BMR and 4.5 x BMR . In the main analysis , the validity of PAL as an index of TEE adjusted for BMR was tested and confirmed . Regression equations were then derived to describe TEE , BMR , AEE and PAL in terms of body weight , height , age and sex . As anticipated , TEE , BMR and AEE were all positively related to weight and height , while age was a negative predictor , especially of activity . The influence of weight disappeared when TEE was expressed as PAL , but height and age remained as highly significant predictors . For all three components , females expended 11 % less energy on average than males after adjustment for weight , height and age . Average levels of energy expenditure in different age and sex groups are tabulated . There now exists a large and robust database of energy expenditure measurements obtained by the doubly-labelled water method . Analysis of the data from affluent societies shows that , in general , levels of energy expenditure are similar to the recommendations for energy requirements adopted by FAO/WHO/UNU -LRB- 1985 -RRB- and UK Department of Health -LRB- 1991 -RRB- . PAL values for active subjects tend to be higher than is currently assumed . The current analysis provides a substantial body of normal data against which other estimates can be compared . Arabinogalactan -LRB- AG -RRB- is a non-digestible soluble dietary fiber that resists hydrolytic enzyme action and enters the large bowel intact where it is fermented by resident microflora . To determine whether AG has similar physiological properties to other soluble dietary fibers , we examined the effect of 15 and 30 g per day of a commercially available AG from Western Larch on several gastrointestinal and blood parameters . Gastrointestinal parameters included fecal microflora , fecal enzyme activity , fecal short-chain fatty acids , fecal pH
The Mendelsohn Maneuver -LRB- MM -RRB- is a commonly prescribed technique that is taught to individuals with dysphagia to improve swallowing ability . Due to cost and safety concerns associated with videofluoroscopy -LRB- VFS -RRB- use , submental surface electromyography -LRB- ssEMG -RRB- is commonly used in place of VFS to train the MM in clinical and research settings . However , it is unknown whether ssEMG accurately reflects the prolonged hyo-laryngeal movements required for execution of the MM . The primary goal of this study was to examine the relationship among ssEMG duration , duration of laryngeal vestibule closure , and duration of maximum hyoid elevation during MM performance . Participants included healthy adults and patients with dysphagia due to stroke . All performed the MM during synchronous ssEMG and VFS recording . Significant correlations between ssEMG duration and VFS measures of hyo-laryngeal kinematic durations during MM performance ranged from very weak to moderate . None of the correlations in the group of stroke patients reached statistical significance . Clinicians and researchers should consider that the MM involves novel hyo-laryngeal kinematics that may be only moderately represented with ssEMG . Volitional control of autonomic responses , such as heart rate and blood pressure , can be facilitated with the use of augmented feedback . Sixteen healthy participants -LRB- M age = 29 years , SD = 10 years -RRB- completed multiple trials of a novel airway closure technique during swallowing under one of two conditions : no feedback or feedback . The feedback condition included knowledge of performance and knowledge of results . Only the feedback group improved performance across trials -LRB- p = .01 -RRB- , with no difference from baseline seen for the no feedback group -LRB- p = .66 -RRB- . These results show that airway closure during swallowing can be volitionally manipulated with augmented feedback .
Opioids have been endorsed as appropriate treatment for refractory chronic non-cancer pain when used according to published guidelines . They are widely used for this indication . This systematic review summarizes and assesses the evidence for the comparative efficacy and safety of long-acting opioids in the management of chronic non-cancer pain . Randomized trials -LRB- for comparative efficacy and adverse events -RRB- and observational studies -LRB- for adverse events only -RRB- that included non-parenteral long-acting opioids were sought using electronic databases , handsearching reference lists , and soliciting pharmaceutical company submissions . Searches were performed through October 2002 . The validity of each included study was assessed using a data abstraction form and predefined criteria . An overall grade was allocated for the body of evidence for each key question . A total of 16 randomized trials -LRB- comparative efficacy and adverse events -RRB- , enrolling 1427 patients , and 8 observational studies -LRB- adverse events -RRB- of 1190 patients were included in this review . No randomized trial was rated good quality ; observational studies were generally of poorer quality than the trials . There was insufficient evidence to prove that different long-acting opioids are associated with different efficacy or safety profiles . There was also insufficient evidence to determine whether long-acting opioids as a class are more effective or safer than short-acting opioids . A subgroup of three studies on long-acting versus short-acting oxycodone was more homogeneous and provided fair evidence that these formulations are equally effective for pain control . Opioids are widely prescribed for non-cancer pain conditions -LRB- NCPC -RRB- , but there have been no large observational studies in actual clinical practice assessing patterns of opioid use over extended periods of time . The TROUP -LRB- Trends and Risks of Opioid Use for Pain -RRB- study reports on trends in opioid therapy for NCPC in two disparate populations , one national and commercially insured population -LRB- HealthCore plan data -RRB- and one state-based and publicly-insured -LRB- Arkansas Medicaid -RRB- population over a six year period -LRB- 2000-2005 -RRB- . We track enrollees with the four most common NCPC conditions : arthritis/joint pain , back pain , neck pain , headaches , as well as HIV/AIDS . The proportion of enrollees receiving NCPC diagnoses increased -LRB- HealthCore 33 % , Medicaid 9 % -RRB- , as did the proportion of enrollees with NCPC diagnoses who received opioids -LRB- HealthCore 58 % , Medicaid 29 % -RRB- . Cumulative yearly opioid dose -LRB- in mg . morphine equivalents -RRB- received by NCPC patients treated with opioids increased -LRB- HealthCore 38 % , Medicaid 37 % -RRB- due to increases in number of days supplied rather than dose per day supplied . Use of short-acting Drug Enforcement Administration Schedule II opioids increased most rapidly , both in proportion of NCPC patients treated -LRB- HealthCore 54 % , Medicaid 38 % -RRB- and in cumulative yearly dose -LRB- HealthCore 95 % , Medicaid 191 % -RRB- . These trends have occurred without any significant change in the underlying population prevalence of NCPC or new evidence of the efficacy of long-term opioid therapy and thus likely represent a broad-based shift in opioid treatment philosophy .
2 . A computer-assisted method has been used to derive from the air flow record the individual breath values of tidal volume -LRB- VT -RRB- , inspiratory duration -LRB- TI -RRB- , expiratory duration -LRB- TE -RRB- and cycle duration -LRB- TC = TI + TE -RRB- for a sequence of breaths in the various steady-state conditions . 3 . When the subjects were breathing room air , for breath sequences of over 200 breaths -LRB- n = 228-365 -RRB- , mean values of TI -LRB- TI -RRB- mostly lay between 1 and 2-5 sec , TE between 2-0 and 3-5 sec and VT between 0-4 and 0-91 . The distributions of VT , TI and TE were in general unimodal . 4 . Significant negative correlations between VT and F , and positive correlations between VT and TC , have been confirmed . 5 . In all fifteen subjects , a highly significant positive correlation existed between VT and TI -LRB- mean r = +0-704 -RRB- , which was stronger than that between VT and TC -LRB- mean r = +0-533 -RRB- . Weaker positive correlations were demonstrated between VT and TE , and between TI and TE -LRB- mean r = +0-359 and +0-381 respectively -RRB- . 6 . The intercept of the regression of VT on TI passed close to the origin , typically slightly positive on the VT axis -LRB- mean = +0-0991 . -RRB- . This , coupled with the strong positive correlation between VT and TI , indicates that the mean inspiratory flow rate -LRB- VI = VT/TI -RRB- for each breath is held relatively constant from breath to breath . 7 . 8 . At the three different levels of ventilation , neither VT , TI nor TE showed a wholly consistent trend , although VT tended to increase , TE to decrease and TI to be unchanged . In contrast , the average values of VI -LRB- VI -RRB- consistently increased as the chemical stimulus was raised . 9 . It is concluded that the previously observed tendency for ventilation to be held constant from breath to breath during steady-state breathing depends predominantly on the tendency for VI to be held constant . Close restraints are evidently not imposed on the individual values of VT and TI under these conditions . The neural mechanism generating breathing appears to control ventilation principally by regulating the rate of inspiratory air flow and secondarily TE .
Thyroid eye disease is a debilitating , disfiguring , and potentially blinding periocular condition for which no Food and Drug Administration-approved medical therapy is available . Strong evidence has implicated the insulin-like growth factor I receptor -LRB- IGF-IR -RRB- in the pathogenesis of this disease . In a randomized , double-masked , placebo-controlled , phase 3 multicenter trial , we assigned patients with active thyroid eye disease in a 1:1 ratio to receive intravenous infusions of the IGF-IR inhibitor teprotumumab -LRB- 10 mg per kilogram of body weight for the first infusion and 20 mg per kilogram for subsequent infusions -RRB- or placebo once every 3 weeks for 21 weeks ; the last trial visit for this analysis was at week 24 . The primary outcome was a proptosis response -LRB- a reduction in proptosis of ≥ 2 mm -RRB- at week 24 . Prespecified secondary outcomes at week 24 were an overall response -LRB- a reduction of ≥ 2 points in the Clinical Activity Score plus a reduction in proptosis of ≥ 2 mm -RRB- , a Clinical Activity Score of 0 or 1 -LRB- indicating no or minimal inflammation -RRB- , the mean change in proptosis across trial visits -LRB- from baseline through week 24 -RRB- , a diplopia response -LRB- a reduction in diplopia of ≥ 1 grade -RRB- , and the mean change in overall score on the Graves ' ophthalmopathy-specific quality-of-life -LRB- GO-QOL -RRB- questionnaire across trial visits -LRB- from baseline through week 24 ; a mean change of ≥ 6 points is considered clinically meaningful -RRB- . A total of 41 patients were assigned to the teprotumumab group and 42 to the placebo group . Reductions in extraocular muscle , orbital fat volume , or both were observed in 6 patients in the teprotumumab group who underwent orbital imaging . Most adverse events were mild or moderate in severity ; two serious events occurred in the teprotumumab group , of which one -LRB- an infusion reaction -RRB- led to treatment discontinuation . Among patients with active thyroid eye disease , teprotumumab resulted in better outcomes with respect to proptosis , Clinical Activity Score , diplopia , and quality of life than placebo ; serious adverse events were uncommon .
This study tested the hypothesis that a prolonged decrease in arterial oxygen pressure in resting or contracting skeletal muscles alters their ability to develop force through an impairment of energy-dependent metabolic processes and also through an alteration of electrophysiological events . The experiment was conducted during a 32-day simulated ascent of Mt. Everest -LRB- 8848 m altitude -RRB- -LRB- Everest III Comex ' 97 -RRB- , which also allowed testing of the effects of re-oxygenation on muscle function . Maximal voluntary contractions -LRB- MVCs -RRB- of the flexor digitorum , and static handgrips sustained at 60 % of MVC , were performed by eight subjects before the ascent -LRB- control -RRB- , then during the stays at simulated altitudes of 5000 m , 6000 m and 7000 m , and finally 1 day after the return to 0 m . The evoked muscle compound action potential -LRB- M-wave -RRB- was recorded at rest and during the manoeuvres at 60 % of MVC . The changes in median frequency of electromyographic -LRB- EMG -RRB- power spectra were also studied during the contraction at 60 % of MVC . In four individuals , transient re-oxygenation during the ascent allowed us to test the reversibility of hypoxia-induced MVC and M-wave changes . At rest , a significant decrease in M-wave amplitude was noted at 5000 m . This effect was associated with a prolonged M-wave conduction time at 6000 m and an increased M-wave duration at 7000 m , and persisted after the return to 0 m. Re-oxygenation did not modify the changes in M-wave characteristics . A significant decrease in MVC was measured only during the ascent -LRB- -10 to -24 % -RRB- in the non-dominant forearm of subjects who underwent re-oxygenation ; this intervention slightly improved muscle strength at 6000 m and 7000 m . It is concluded that prolonged exposure to hypoxia slows the propagation of myopotentials and alters sensorimotor control during sustained effort . Re-oxygenation did not affect the hypoxia-induced EMG changes and had a modest influence on muscle strength . Hypoxia-induced increases in red blood cell production have been found in both altitude-adapted populations and acclimatized lowlanders . This process is mediated by erythropoietin -LRB- EPO -RRB- released mainly by the hypoxic kidney . We have previously observed high hemoglobin concentrations in elite breath-hold divers and our aim was to investigate whether apnea-induced hypoxia could increase EPO concentration . Ten healthy volunteers performed 15 maximal duration apneas , divided into three series of five apneas , each series separated by 10 min of rest . Apneas within series were separated by 2 min and preceded by 1 min of hyperventilation to increase apnea duration and arterial oxygen desaturation . No changes in EPO concentration were observed during a control day without apnea , eliminating possible effects of a diurnal rhythm or blood loss . We therefore conclude that serial apneas increase circulating EPO concentration in humans . This study investigates whether a 6-wk intermittent hypoxia training -LRB- IHT -RRB- , designed to avoid reductions in training loads and intensities , improves the endurance performance capacity of competitive distance runners . Eighteen athletes were randomly assigned to train in normoxia -LSB- Nor group ; n = 9 ; maximal oxygen uptake -LRB- VO2 max -RRB- = 61.5 + / - 1.1 ml x kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- x min -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RSB- or intermittently in hypoxia -LRB- Hyp group ; n = 9 ; VO2 max = 64.2 + / - 1.2 ml x kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- x min -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- . Into their usual normoxic training schedule , athletes included two weekly high-intensity -LRB- second ventilatory threshold -RRB- and moderate-duration -LRB- 24-40 min -RRB- training sessions , performed either in normoxia -LSB- inspired O2 fraction -LRB- FiO2 -RRB- = 20.9 % -RSB- or in normobaric hypoxia -LRB- FiO2 -RRB- = 14.5 % -RRB- . Before and after training , all athletes realized 1 -RRB- a normoxic and hypoxic incremental test to determine VO2 max and ventilatory thresholds -LRB- first and second ventilatory threshold -RRB- , and 2 -RRB- an all-out test at the pretraining minimal velocity eliciting VO2 max to determine their time to exhaustion -LRB- T -LRB- lim -RRB- -RRB- and the parameters of O2 uptake -LRB- VO2 -RRB- kinetics . Only the Hyp group significantly improved VO2 max -LRB- +5 % at both FiO2 , P < 0.05 -RRB- , without changes in blood O2-carrying capacity . Moreover , T -LRB- lim -RRB- lengthened in the Hyp group only -LRB- +35 % , P < 0.001 -RRB- , without significant modifications of VO2 kinetics . Despite similar training load , the Nor group displayed no such improvements , with unchanged VO2 max -LRB- +1 % , nonsignificant -RRB- , T -LRB- lim -RRB- -LRB- +10 % , nonsignificant -RRB- , and VO2 kinetics . In addition , T -LRB- lim -RRB- improvements in the Hyp group were not correlated with concomitant modifications of other parameters , including VO2 max or VO2 kinetics . The present IHT model , involving specific high-intensity and moderate-duration hypoxic sessions , may potentialize the metabolic stimuli of training in already trained athletes and elicit peripheral muscle adaptations , resulting in increased endurance performance capacity .
The Resuscitation Outcomes Consortium -LRB- ROC -RRB- Epistry-Cardiac Arrest is a population-based emergency medical services registry of out-of-hospital nontraumatic cardiac arrest -LRB- OHCA -RRB- . This study examined age-stratified incidence and outcomes of pediatric OHCA . This prospective population-based cohort study in 11 US and Canadian ROC sites included persons < 20 years of age who received cardiopulmonary resuscitation or defibrillation by emergency medical service providers and/or received bystander automatic external defibrillator shock or who were pulseless but received no resuscitation by emergency medical services between December 2005 and March 2007 . Patients were stratified a priori into 3 age groups : < 1 year -LRB- infants ; n = 277 -RRB- , 1 to 11 years -LRB- children ; n = 154 -RRB- , and 12 to 19 years -LRB- adolescents ; n = 193 -RRB- . The incidence of pediatric OHCA was 8.04 per 100 000 person-years -LRB- 72.71 in infants , 3.73 in children , and 6.37 in adolescents -RRB- versus 126.52 per 100,000 person-years for adults . Unadjusted odds ratio for pediatric survival to discharge compared with adults was 0.71 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , 0.37 to 1.39 -RRB- for infants , 2.11 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , 1.21 to 3.66 -RRB- for children , and 2.04 -LRB- 95 % confidence interval , 1.24 to 3.38 -RRB- for adolescents . This study demonstrates that the incidence of OHCA in infants approaches that observed in adults but is lower among children and adolescents . Survival to discharge was more common among children and adolescents than infants or adults .
Bloodstream infections present many challenges to clinicians . The number of hospitalized patients with bloodstream infection continues to increase , and the number of newly available antimicrobial agents to treat these particularly lethal infections and many other serious infections continues to decrease . Drug-development programs for bloodstream infection that have adhered to existing regulatory guidelines have not been significantly successful . This article examines the regulatory history of the bloodstream infection indication as an example of the challenges faced by individuals and sponsors developing drugs for treatment of the current spectrum of antimicrobial-resistant infections , with the goal of providing insight into development pathways for agents targeting drug-resistant bacterial pathogens . Disease-specific and pathogen-specific indications are discussed , and recent regulatory approvals for bloodstream infection caused by vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus are reviewed . Many different definitions for multidrug-resistant -LRB- MDR -RRB- , extensively drug-resistant -LRB- XDR -RRB- and pandrug-resistant -LRB- PDR -RRB- bacteria are being used in the medical literature to characterize the different patterns of resistance found in healthcare-associated , antimicrobial-resistant bacteria . A group of international experts came together through a joint initiative by the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control -LRB- ECDC -RRB- and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -LRB- CDC -RRB- , to create a standardized international terminology with which to describe acquired resistance profiles in Staphylococcus aureus , Enterococcus spp. , Enterobacteriaceae -LRB- other than Salmonella and Shigella -RRB- , Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Acinetobacter spp. , all bacteria often responsible for healthcare-associated infections and prone to multidrug resistance . Epidemiologically significant antimicrobial categories were constructed for each bacterium . Lists of antimicrobial categories proposed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing were created using documents and breakpoints from the Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute -LRB- CLSI -RRB- , the European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing -LRB- EUCAST -RRB- and the United States Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- . MDR was defined as acquired non-susceptibility to at least one agent in three or more antimicrobial categories , XDR was defined as non-susceptibility to at least one agent in all but two or fewer antimicrobial categories -LRB- i.e. bacterial isolates remain susceptible to only one or two categories -RRB- and PDR was defined as non-susceptibility to all agents in all antimicrobial categories . To ensure correct application of these definitions , bacterial isolates should be tested against all or nearly all of the antimicrobial agents within the antimicrobial categories and selective reporting and suppression of results should be avoided . A new national antimicrobial resistance surveillance program in Singapore public hospitals that uses WHONET detected high levels of methicillin resistance among Staphylococcus aureus -LRB- 35.3 % -RRB- , carbapenem resistance among Acinetobacter spp. -LRB- 49.6 % -RRB- , and third-generation cephalosporin resistance among Klebsiella pneumoniae -LRB- 35.9 % -RRB- hospital isolates in 2006 . Antimicrobial drug resistance is a major problem in Singapore .
This study was conducted to investigate the effects of cognitive behavioral techniques using virtual reality on birth pain . This study was planned as a double blind randomized controlled experimental study . It was conducted with 273 pregnant women who were randomized between July 2016 and June 2019 at maternity hospital located in eastern Anatolia , Turkey . The study included 5 groups . -LRB- A : videos of newborn photographs with classical music , B : the video of the newborn photograph album , C : an introductory film of Turkey , D : only classical music , E : routine hospital care -RRB- . The data were collected by using the `` Personal Information Form '' , `` Visual Analogue Scale '' , `` Verbal Rating Scale '' and `` Virtual Reality '' . Groups show homogeneity in terms of demographic and obstetric variables . It was found that mean Visual Analogue Scale posttest mean score of the group A was 4.98 ± 1.69 ; group B 4.96 ± 1.72 ; group C 5.96 ± 2.05 ; group D 5.60 ± 1.63 and group E 6.38 ± 1.86 . In this study , all cognitive techniques applied with virtual reality reduced labor pain during the active phase of labor . Especially the video of newborn photographs with classical music and newborn photograph album have been found more effective than other interventions evaluated in reducing labor pain . Midwives can use these techniques to reduce birth pain .
Interleukin-6 -LRB- IL-6 -RRB- contributes to atherosclerotic plaque destabilization and is involved in myocardial injury during ischaemia-reperfusion . Interleukin-6 is therefore a potential therapeutic target in myocardial infarction -LRB- MI -RRB- . We hypothesized that the IL-6 receptor antagonist tocilizumab would attenuate inflammation , and secondarily reduce troponin T -LRB- TnT -RRB- release in non-ST-elevation MI -LRB- NSTEMI -RRB- . In a two-centre , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial , 117 patients with NSTEMI were randomized at a median of 2 days after symptom onset to receive placebo -LRB- n = 59 -RRB- or tocilizumab -LRB- n = 58 -RRB- , administered as a single dose prior to coronary angiography . High sensitivity -LRB- hs -RRB- C-reactive protein and hsTnT were measured at seven consecutive timepoints between Days 1 and 3 . The area under the curve -LRB- AUC -RRB- for high-sensitivity C-reactive protein was the primary endpoint . The median AUC for high-sensitivity C-reactive protein during hospitalization was 2.1 times higher in the placebo than in the tocilizumab group -LRB- 4.2 vs. 2.0 mg/L/h , P < 0.001 -RRB- . Also , the median AUC for hsTnT during hospitalization was 1.5 times higher in the placebo group compared with the tocilizumab group -LRB- 234 vs. 159 ng/L/h , P = 0.007 -RRB- . The differences between the two treatment groups were observed mainly in -LRB- i -RRB- patients included ≤ 2 days from symptom onset and -LRB- ii -RRB- patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention -LRB- PCI -RRB- . No safety issues in the tocilizumab group were detected during 6 months of follow-up . Tocilizumab attenuated the inflammatory response and primarily PCI-related TnT release in NSTEMI patients . Interleukin-6 -LRB- IL-6 -RRB- is a well-established , independent indicator of multiple distinct types of cardiovascular disease and all-cause mortality . In this review , we present current understanding of the multiple roles that IL-6 and its signaling pathways through glycoprotein 130 -LRB- gp130 -RRB- play in cardiovascular homeostasis . IL-6 is highly inducible in vascular tissues through the actions of the angiotensin II -LRB- Ang II -RRB- peptide , where it acts in a paracrine manner to signal through two distinct mechanisms , the first being a classic membrane receptor initiated pathway and the second , a trans-signaling pathway , being able to induce responses even in tissues lacking the IL-6 receptor . Recent advances and new concepts in how its intracellular signaling pathways operate via the Janus kinase -LRB- JAK -RRB- - Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription -LRB- STAT -RRB- are described . IL-6 has diverse actions in multiple cell types of cardiovascular importance , including endothelial cells , monocytes , platelets , hepatocytes and adipocytes . We discuss central roles of IL-6 in endothelial dysfunction , cellular inflammation by affecting monocyte activation/differentiation , cellular cytoprotective functions from reactive oxygen species -LRB- ROS -RRB- stress , modulation of pro-coagulant state , myocardial growth control , and its implications in metabolic control and insulin resistance . These multiple actions indicate that IL-6 is not merely a passive biomarker , but actively modulates adaptive and pathological responses to cardiovascular stress . IL-6 is a multifunctional cytokine whose presence in the circulation is linked with diverse types of cardiovascular disease and is an independent risk factor for atherosclerosis . In this review , we examine the mechanisms by which IL-6 signals and its myriad effects in cardiovascular tissues that modulate the manifestations of vascular inflammation . Experimental evidence suggests that cyclosporine , which inhibits the opening of mitochondrial permeability-transition pores , attenuates lethal myocardial injury that occurs at the time of reperfusion . In this pilot trial , we sought to determine whether the administration of cyclosporine at the time of percutaneous coronary intervention -LRB- PCI -RRB- would limit the size of the infarct during acute myocardial infarction . We randomly assigned 58 patients who presented with acute ST-elevation myocardial infarction to receive either an intravenous bolus of 2.5 mg of cyclosporine per kilogram of body weight -LRB- cyclosporine group -RRB- or normal saline -LRB- control group -RRB- immediately before undergoing PCI . Infarct size was assessed in all patients by measuring the release of creatine kinase and troponin I and in a subgroup of 27 patients by performing magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- on day 5 after infarction . The cyclosporine and control groups were similar with respect to ischemia time , the size of the area at risk , and the ejection fraction before PCI . The release of creatine kinase was significantly reduced in the cyclosporine group as compared with the control group -LRB- P = 0.04 -RRB- . The release of troponin I was not significantly reduced -LRB- P = 0.15 -RRB- . On day 5 , the absolute mass of the area of hyperenhancement -LRB- i.e. , infarcted tissue -RRB- on MRI was significantly reduced in the cyclosporine group as compared with the control group , with a median of 37 g -LRB- interquartile range , 21 to 51 -RRB- versus 46 g -LRB- interquartile range , 20 to 65 ; P = 0.04 -RRB- . No adverse effects of cyclosporine administration were detected . In our small , pilot trial , administration of cyclosporine at the time of reperfusion was associated with a smaller infarct by some measures than that seen with placebo . These data are preliminary and require confirmation in a larger clinical trial . Inflammation plays a pivotal role in all stages of atherosclerosis from endothelial dysfunction and plaque formation to plaque destabilization and disruption . Inflammatory biomarkers , originally studied to better understand the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis , have generated increasing interest among clinicians , because of their utility in the challenging problems of diagnosis and risk assessment of patients with suspected or proved coronary heart disease . Moreover , in fascinating perspective , they could be used as therapeutic target , counteracting initiation , progression , and development of complications of atherosclerosis . In this review , we will provide
Results after lung radiofrequency -LRB- RF -RRB- ablation were retrospectively evaluated to determine whether lung RF ablation is an effective therapeutic option for the treatment of unresectable lung metastases from colorectal cancer . Seventy-one patients with 155 unresectable colorectal lung metastases underwent computed tomography -LRB- CT -RRB- - guided percutaneous RF ablation at four institutions . The maximum tumor size was 3 cm or less in 61 patients and 3.1-6.0 cm in 10 patients -LRB- range , 0.5-6.0 cm ; mean , 2.4 cm + / - 1.3 -RRB- . A single tumor was treated in 35 patients and multiple tumors in 36 patients . Extrapulmonary metastases were found in 30 patients . Follow-up with serial CT and positron emission tomography scans was performed from 4 to 42 months after RF ablation -LRB- mean , 19 months -RRB- . Pneumothorax developed in 26 -LRB- 37 % -RRB- patients , and a chest tube was placed in 14 -LRB- 20 % -RRB- of them . Empyema developed in one -LRB- 1 % -RRB- patient . Thirty-three -LRB- 47 % -RRB- patients developed intrapulmonary recurrence and 19 -LRB- 58 % , 19/33 -RRB- of them received repeat lung RF ablation . Extrapulmonary metastasis , tumor size , and the carcinoembryonic antigen level were significant prognostic factors in the univariate analysis . The first two factors were significantly independent prognostic factors in the multivariate analysis . Thirty-six patients with small lung metastases -LRB- < or = 3 cm -RRB- and no extrapulmonary metastases had a 3-year survival rate of 78 % .
The aim of this study was to investigate the therapeutic effect of cryoablation treatment and palliative treatment in stage IV lung cancer . Fifty-four patients were enrolled into the study . The OS of patients in both groups and the effects of treatment timing and frequency were compared . The OS in the cryoablation group was significantly longer than in the palliative group -LRB- median OS : 14 months vs. 7 months , P = 0.0009 -RRB- . The OS of those who received delayed cryoablation treatment was longer than that observed for those who received timely treatment -LRB- median OS : 18.5 months vs. 10 months , P = 0.0485 -RRB- , but this was not observed in those who received palliative treatment -LRB- median OS : 7 months vs. 7.5 months , P = 0.9814 -RRB- . Multiple treatments played an important role in improving the OS of patients who received cryoablation treatment -LRB- median OS : 18 months vs. 14 months , P = 0.0376 -RRB- . There was a significant difference between cryoablation and palliative treatment , in terms of OS . In addition , multiple cryoablation treatments may have an advantage over single treatments .
The recently released Seventh Report of the Joint National Committee -LRB- JNC -RRB- on Prevention , Detection , Evaluation , and Treatment of High Blood Pressure provides a new classification of blood pressure levels . Little is known about the current situation of elevated blood pressure in the United States , according to the new guidelines . Cross-sectional analysis of national representative data collected from 4805 adults 18 years and older surveyed in the 1999-2000 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey . We examined the prevalence of prehypertension and hypertension according to the new JNC guidelines , people 's awareness and management of hypertension , and the differences across sociodemographic and body weight groups . Elevated blood pressure is a serious problem in the United States . Approximately 60 % of American adults have prehypertension or hypertension , and some population groups , such as African Americans , older people , low-socioeconomic-status groups , and overweight groups , are disproportionately affected . The prevalence of hypertension has increased by approximately 10 percentage points during the past decade . The awareness and appropriate management of hypertension among hypertensive patients remain low : 31 % were not aware of their disease , only two thirds -LRB- 66 % -RRB- were told by health professionals to adopt lifestyle modifications or take drugs to control hypertension , and only 31 % controlled their hypertension . With 60 % of the population affected , the United States is facing a serious challenge in the prevention and management of prehypertension and hypertension . People 's awareness and control of hypertension remain poor . This study highlights the seriousness of the problem and the importance of promoting lifestyle modifications . This study sought to determine if individuals with high-normal blood pressure -LRB- diastolic blood pressure of 85-89 mm Hg -RRB- progress to hypertension more frequently than those with normal blood pressure -LRB- diastolic blood pressure less than 85 mm Hg -RRB- , thus advancing to a higher cardiovascular risk category . Individuals from the Framingham Heart Study were placed in normal and high-normal blood pressure categories and followed for 26 years for the development of hypertension . With hypertension defined as a diastolic blood pressure of 95 mm Hg or greater or the initiation of antihypertensive therapy , 23.6 % of men and 36.2 % of women with normal blood pressure developed hypertension compared with 54.2 % of men and 60.6 % of women with high-normal blood pressure . The relative risk for the development of hypertension associated with high-normal blood pressure was 2.25 for men -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- , 1.8-2.8 ; p less than 0.0001 -RRB- and 1.89 for women -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.5-2.3 ; p less than 0.0001 -RRB- . The age-adjusted relative risks estimated by the proportional hazards model were 3.36 for men and 3.37 for women -LRB- p less than 0.001 -RRB- . Among those risk factors examined , baseline systolic and diastolic blood pressure , Metropolitan relative weight , and change in weight over time were significant predictors of future hypertension in men and women whose initial blood pressure was normal . For men with high-normal blood pressure , systolic blood pressure and change in weight were identified as risk factors for future hypertension . These results indicate that the probability of individuals with blood pressure in the high-normal range developing hypertension is twofold to threefold higher than in those with normal blood pressure . -LRB- ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS -RRB- The Tecumseh project investigates the evolution of hypertension in a healthy population . Of 946 subjects aged 18 through 38 years , 124 had clinic blood pressure readings higher than 140/90 mm Hg -LRB- the mean for borderline hypertensive subjects was 130/94 mm Hg -RRB- . Compared with normotensive subjects , borderline hypertensive subjects had higher home blood pressures -LRB- mean , 12/7 mm Hg higher -RRB- . Their childhood and postpubertal blood pressures were elevated -LRB- 6/4 mm Hg higher than normal at age 6 years and 12/7 mm Hg higher than normal at age 21 years -RRB- , and hypertensive target organ changes were detected . Borderline hypertensive subjects also had elevated minimal forearm resistance -LRB- 0.22 U higher than normal -RRB- , decreased stroke index -LRB- 1.8 mL/m2 lower than normal -RRB- , and impaired ventricular diastolic relaxation -LRB- mitral Doppler peak early diastolic blood flow -LSB- E -RSB- to peak late diastolic blood flow -LSB- A -RSB- ratio 0.13 lower than normal -RRB- . Borderline hypertensive subjects had significant abnormalities in other coronary risk factors -LRB- cholesterol levels were 0.39 mmol/L higher , triglyceride levels were 0.45 mmol/L higher , high-density lipoprotein levels were 0.08 mmol/L lower , insulin levels were 38 pmol/L higher , and 16.5 % more of them were overweight -RRB- . Borderline hypertension is neither transient nor innocuous . Its association with other predictors of atherosclerosis calls for clinical attention . `` The Seventh Report of the Joint National Committee on Prevention , Detection , Evaluation , and Treatment of High Blood Pressure '' provides a new guideline for hypertension prevention and management . The following are the key messages -LRB- 1 -RRB- In persons older than 50 years , systolic blood pressure -LRB- BP -RRB- of more than 140 mm Hg is a much more important cardiovascular disease -LRB- CVD -RRB- risk factor than diastolic BP ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- The risk of CVD , beginning at 115/75 mm Hg , doubles with each increment of 20/10 mm Hg ; individuals who are normotensive at 55 years of age have a 90 % lifetime risk for developing hypertension ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- Individuals with a systolic BP of 120 to 139 mm Hg or a diastolic BP of 80 to 89 mm Hg should be considered as prehypertensive and require health-promoting lifestyle modifications to prevent CVD ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- Thiazide-type diuretics should be used in drug treatment for most patients with uncomplicated hypertension
Postoperative opioid-induced respiratory depression -LRB- RD -RRB- is a significant cause of death and brain damage in the perioperative period . The authors examined anesthesia closed malpractice claims associated with RD to determine whether patterns of injuries could guide preventative strategies . From the Anesthesia Closed Claims Project database of 9,799 claims , three authors reviewed 357 acute pain claims that occurred between 1990 and 2009 for the likelihood of RD using literature-based criteria . Previously cited patient risk factors for RD , clinical management , nursing assessments , and timing of events were abstracted from claim narratives to identify recurrent patterns . RD was judged as possible , probable , or definite in 92 claims -LRB- κ = 0.690 -RRB- of which 77 % resulted in severe brain damage or death . The vast majority of RD events -LRB- 88 % -RRB- occurred within 24 h of surgery , and 97 % were judged as preventable with better monitoring and response . Contributing and potentially actionable factors included multiple prescribers -LRB- 33 % -RRB- , concurrent administration of nonopioid sedating medications -LRB- 34 % -RRB- , and inadequate nursing assessments or response -LRB- 31 % -RRB- . The time between the last nursing check and the discovery of a patient with RD was within 2 h in 42 % and within 15 min in 16 % of claims . Somnolence was noted in 62 % of patients before the event . This claims review supports a growing consensus that opioid-related adverse events are multifactorial and potentially preventable with improvements in assessment of sedation level , monitoring of oxygenation and ventilation , and early response and intervention , particularly within the first 24 h postoperatively . To provide the most recent national estimates of childhood obesity , analyze trends in childhood obesity between 2003 and 2012 , and provide detailed obesity trend analyses among adults . In infants and toddlers from birth to 2 years , high weight for recumbent length was defined as weight for length at or above the 95th percentile of the sex-specific Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -LRB- CDC -RRB- growth charts . In children and adolescents aged 2 to 19 years , obesity was defined as a body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- at or above the 95th percentile of the sex-specific CDC BMI-for-age growth charts . In adults , obesity was defined as a BMI greater than or equal to 30 . Analyses of trends in high weight for recumbent length or obesity prevalence were conducted overall and separately by age across 5 periods -LRB- 2003-2004 , 2005-2006 , 2007-2008 , 2009-2010 , and 2011-2012 -RRB- . In 2011-2012 , 8.1 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 5.8 % -11.1 % -RRB- of infants and toddlers had high weight for recumbent length , and 16.9 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 14.9 % -19.2 % -RRB- of 2 - to 19-year-olds and 34.9 % -LRB- 95 % CI , 32.0 % -37.9 % -RRB- of adults -LRB- age-adjusted -RRB- aged 20 years or older were obese . Overall , there was no significant change from 2003-2004 through 2011-2012 in high weight for recumbent length among infants and toddlers , obesity in 2 - to 19-year-olds , or obesity in adults . Tests for an interaction between survey period and age found an interaction in children -LRB- P = .03 -RRB- and women -LRB- P = .02 -RRB- . There was a significant decrease in obesity among 2 - to 5-year-old children -LRB- from 13.9 % to 8.4 % ; P = .03 -RRB- and a significant increase in obesity among women aged 60 years and older -LRB- from 31.5 % to 38.1 % ; P = .006 -RRB- . Overall , there have been no significant changes in obesity prevalence in youth or adults between 2003-2004 and 2011-2012 . Obesity prevalence remains high and thus it is important to continue surveillance . Ventilatory impairment may be detected by a rise in transcutaneous carbon dioxide levels -LRB- PtcCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- . Following pre-operative baseline PtcCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- recording , continuous PtcCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- monitoring was performed in 30 patients after major colorectal surgery for up to 24 h. Mean postoperative values of PtcCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- were 1.3 kPa -LRB- 95 % CI 1.0-1.5 -RRB- higher than pre-operative values -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . Patients receiving intravenous opioid patient controlled analgesia had a significantly higher elevation in postoperative PtcCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- compared to patients receiving epidural infusion analgesia , 1.8 kPa -LRB- CI 1.5-2.1 -RRB- vs 0.7 kPa -LRB- CI 0.5-0.9 -RRB- respectively -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . The mean rise in PtcCO -LRB- 2 -RRB- following a single intravenous bolus of morphine delivered via PCA was 0.05 kPa -LRB- SEm 0.01 -RRB- , peaking at 12 min post-dose . The transcutaneous capnometer successfully recorded data for 98 % of the total time it was applied to patients .
An ultrashort-acting nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent that could be an alternative to succinylcholine has been the focus of a concerted effort in the field of muscle relaxants . GW280430A showed a promising pharmacodynamic profile in preclinical work and a wide margin of safety and so was selected for study in humans . Thirty-one volunteers participated in this study , which determined the dose producing 95 % block -LRB- ED95 -RRB- and the safety and pharmacodynamics of increasing ED95 multiples . Anesthesia was induced and maintained with propofol , midazolam , and fentanyl . Neuromuscular transmission was measured at the adductor pollicis using ulnar nerve stimulation , and responses were recorded continuously by standard mechanomyographic monitoring . The ED95 for GW280430A is 0.19 mg/kg . The time to onset of 90 % block ranged from 1.3 to 2.1 min , depending on the dose . Clinical durations ranged from 4.7 to 10.1 min and increased with increasing dose . Five to 95 % and 25-75 % recovery rates were approximately 7 and 3 min , respectively , and were independent of the dose administered . Transient cardiovascular side effects were observed at doses beginning at 3 x ED95 and above and were suggestive of histamine release . Most volunteers receiving 4 x ED95 exhibited plasma histamine concentrations indicative of significant histamine release . The recovery rate is rapid , predictable , and independent of dose . Doses at least up to 2.5 x ED95 seem to be free of side effects and seem to be able to provide relaxation within 60-90 s. Slopes of the dose-response relationships for all available neuromuscular blocking drugs appear to be essentially parallel and to approximate a log-dose/logit value of 4.75 . We tested the possibility of estimating both 50 % effective dose -LRB- ED -LRB- 50 -RRB- -RRB- and 95 % effective dose -LRB- ED -LRB- 95 -RRB- -RRB- values from a single dose-response data point when that slope is postulated . We compared the ED -LRB- 50 -RRB- and ED -LRB- 95 -RRB- values of rocuronium and succinylcholine calculated by using traditional log-dose/logit regression analysis with the same values obtained by averaging individual estimates of potency as determined by using the Hill equation . After the induction of anesthesia -LRB- propofol/alfentanil -RRB- , tracheal intubation was accomplished without the administration of neuromuscular blocking drugs . Anesthesia was maintained with nitrous oxide and propofol . The evoked electromyographic response to 0.10-Hz single stimuli was continuously recorded . After baseline stabilization , a single IV bolus of succinylcholine -LRB- 0.08-0.26 mg/kg , n = 50 -RRB- or rocuronium -LRB- 0 . 13-0.30 mg/kg , n = 40 -RRB- was administered and the peak effect noted . By using log-dose/logit regression analysis , we calculated ED -LRB- 50 -RRB- and ED -LRB- 95 -RRB- values for rocuronium of 0.17 and 0.33 mg/kg and 0.14 and 0.27 mg/kg for succinylcholine . When potency was calculated from the Hill equation , the resultant ED -LRB- 50 -RRB- and ED -LRB- 95 -RRB- values did not differ by more than + / -4 % from those obtained by using regression analysis . The results of any study of the relative importance of anesthetic depth versus intensity of neuromuscular block on conditions for endotracheal intubation can be manipulated by the investigator . Several independent factors , such as the depth of hypnosis induced , the interval between drug administration and laryngoscopy , the onset profile of the muscle relaxant , and the multiple of the 95 % effective dose given , must be controlled . We attempted to design an induction sequence that provided good to excellent conditions for laryngoscopy and endotracheal intubation within 75-90 s of muscle relaxant administration with doses smaller than often suggested , while still administering only customary amounts of hypnotics and opioids . Alfentanil 12.5 microg/kg , propofol 2.0 mg/kg , and a test drug were administered rapidly . The test drugs were saline 0.05 mL/kg -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- , rapacuronium 1.0 or 1.2 mg/kg , or rocuronium 0.50 mg/kg -LRB- n = 30 each -RRB- . Laryngoscopy was commenced 75 s after the test drug . Clinically acceptable conditions for intubation were achieved in all subjects after rocuronium or rapacuronium 1.2 mg/kg and in 28 of 30 patients after rapacuronium 1.0 mg/kg . In the Saline group , only 3 individuals achieved a good or excellent rating , and intubation was impossible in 2 of 10 individuals . For muscle relaxants of low potency , doses only 1.5 times the 95 % effective dose can provide very satisfactory conditions for intubation if laryngoscopy is delayed to 75 s after drug administration . The dose of muscle relaxant usually recommended for facilitating tracheal intubation approximates at least two times the drug 's effective dose -LRB- ED -LRB- 95 -RRB- -RRB- . When the muscle relaxant in question has a rapid onset of action , this intubation dose may be decreased to 1.5 times the ED -LRB- 95 -RRB- . The ultra-short-acting neuromuscular blocker gantacurium is chemically degraded in vitro by rapid adduction of L-cysteine to its central olefinic double bond . Preliminary data have suggested that exogenous -LRB- intravenous -RRB- L-cysteine abolishes gantacurium blockade . Two new analogues of gantacurium -LRB- CW 002 and CW 011 -RRB- have been synthesized to undergo slower L-cysteine adduction , yielding intermediate duration . L-cysteine adduction to and antagonism of these novel agents is further defined herein . Comparative reaction half-time for L-cysteine adduction in vitro of the three compounds was determined by high-performance liquid chromatography . ED95 for twitch inhibition in monkeys under isoflurane was calculated , and duration at approximately 4-5x ED95 was correlated with reaction half-time for adduction . Speed of L-cysteine antagonism was contrasted with anticholinesterase reversal . Potencies of CW 002 and its adduction product were compared to provide a basis for L-cysteine antagonism . Rate of L-cysteine adduction in vitro -LRB- reaction half-time -RRB- was 11.4 and 13.7 min for CW 002
The delivery of pelvic floor muscle training -LRB- PFMT -RRB- through mHealth apps has been shown to produce promising results in improving pelvic floor muscle strength and urinary incontinence -LRB- UI -RRB- . However , there is limited evidence on mHealth apps designed for pregnant women who are at high risk of developing UI . This pilot study aims to evaluate the feasibility of conducting an effectiveness trial for a newly developed PFMT app among pregnant women in Malaysia . This is a prospective , single-centre , single-blind , randomised controlled pilot feasibility study : The Kegel Exercise Pregnancy Training app -LRB- KEPT-app -RRB- Trial . Sixty-four incontinent pregnant women who attended one primary care clinic for the antenatal follow-up will be recruited and randomly assigned to either intervention or waitlist control group . The intervention group will receive the intervention , the KEPT-app developed from the Capability , Opportunity , Motivation-Behaviour -LRB- COM-B -RRB- theory with Persuasive Technology and Technology Acceptance Model . This study will provide a fine-tuning for our future randomised control study on the recruitment feasibility methods , acceptability , feasibility , and usability of the KEPT-app , and the methods to reduce the retention rates among pregnant women with UI . This study was registered on ClinicalTrials.gov on 19 February 2021 -LRB- NCT04762433 -RRB- and is not yet recruiting . Pregnant women have an increased risk of urinary incontinence -LRB- UI -RRB- , affecting their quality of life -LRB- QoL -RRB- . This study aims to determine UI and its relationship with QoL among incontinent pregnant women . This was a cross-sectional study in a semi-urban primary care clinic in Selangor , Malaysia , among pregnant women aged 18 years old and above . The validated study instruments consisted of questions on socio-demography , the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-UI Short Form -LRB- ICIQ-UI SF -RRB- to determine UI and the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms Quality of Life Module -LRB- ICIQ-LUTSQoL -RRB- to assess their QoL . A generalised linear model was used to determine the association between the continent and incontinent pregnant women with QoL . Of the approached 610 respondents , 440 consented to participate in the study , resulting in a response rate of 72.1 % . The mean age was 29.8 years old -LRB- SD 4.69 -RRB- with 82.2 % -LRB- n = 148 -RRB- having stress UI . Significant independent factors related to the decreased QoL were mid to late trimester -LRB- OR 3.06 , 95 % CI 1.48-6.32 -RRB- , stress UI , -LRB- OR 6.94 , 95 % CI 4.00-12.04 -RRB- and urge UI -LRB- OR3 .87 , 95 % CI 0.48-31.28 -RRB- . Non-Malay improved QoL -LRB- OR 0.29 , 95 % CI 0.16-0.52 -RRB- . All types of UI significantly affecting pregnant women 's QoL . This information is useful in enhancing antenatal management at the primary care level , whereby they should be screened for UI and provided with effective early intervention to improve their QoL . Urinary Incontinence -LRB- UI -RRB- is when a person is unable to hold his/her urine effectively . This is a common problem which can develop and worsen during pregnancy . An effective way to manage UI is to educate patients on the Pelvic Floor Muscle Exercise -LRB- PFME -RRB- regularly . The present study aimed to ascertain the pregnant women 's knowledge , attitudes , and practices -LRB- KAP -RRB- related to PFME . This was a cross-sectional study done in a one primary care clinic located in a semi-urban area in Selangor , Malaysia . Simple random sampling was conducted among pregnant women aged 18 years old and above at any gestation . The validated study instruments used consisted of questions on socio-demography , KAP on UI , and also the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Urinary Incontinence Short Form to determine UI among the respondents . The response rate for this study was 72.1 % , where 440 pregnant women consented to take part in the study . The median age of study respondents was 30 years old and majority of the study respondents was from the Malay ethnicity -LRB- 80.9 % -RRB- . The prevalence of UI was 40.9 % . The proportion of pregnant women with good knowledge , attitude and practice scores were 58.0 % , 46.6 % and 45.2 % respectively . There was a significant association between UI and age -LRB- p = .03 -RRB- , body mass index -LRB- p = .03 -RRB- , ethnicity -LRB- p = .04 -RRB- , gravida . -LRB- p = .001 -RRB- , knowledge on PFME -LRB- p = .007 -RRB- and attitude towards PFME -LRB- p = .006 -RRB- . Findings from this study fill a gap in the prevalence and KAP concerning PFME at the primary care level . The foundation areas for future education and health promotion on UI should address the importance of correct PFME . This education can be delivered through a pragmatic way to ensure its effectiveness and sustainability of the health promotion program . Do strategies to enhance self-efficacy and exercise mastery affect adherence to home-based pelvic floor muscle exercises in women with urinary incontinence ? Two-arm , parallel , randomised , controlled trial with intention-to-treat analysis . Randomisation was performed using computer-generated random numbers in five blocks of 20 women . Eighty-six women with stress , urgency or mixed urinary incontinence . All participants underwent three individual physiotherapy clinic visits at Day 0 , 15 and 30 , and 2 further months of home-based pelvic floor muscle exercises . The experimental group also received self-efficacy enhancing interventions , including a structured discussion on accomplishments and goals , a 9-minute video with testimonials , and a reminder . The primary outcome - adherence to at least 20 fast and 20 slow contractions every day - was evaluated with a structured questionnaire at 15 , 30 and 90 days after enrolment and completion of
Age-associated increases in collagen cross-linking and accumulation of advanced glycosylation products are both accelerated by diabetes , suggesting that glucose-derived cross-link formation may contribute to the development of chronic diabetic complications as well as certain physical changes of aging . Aminoguanidine , a nucleophilic hydrazine compound , prevented both the formation of fluorescent advanced nonenzymatic glycosylation products and the formation of glucose-derived collagen cross-links in vitro . Aminoguanidine administration to rats was equally effective in preventing diabetes-induced formation of fluorescent advanced nonenzymatic glycosylation products and cross-linking of arterial wall connective tissue protein in vivo . The identification of aminoguanidine as an inhibitor of advanced nonenzymatic glycosylation product formation now makes possible precise experimental definition of the pathogenetic significance of this process and suggests a potential clinical role for aminoguanidine in the future treatment of chronic diabetic complications . Vital status of participants has been determined after an average follow-up of 12 years ; 6327 deaths from CHD have been identified . Strong graded relationships between serum cholesterol levels above 4.65 mmol/L -LRB- 180 mg/dL -RRB- , systolic BP above 110 mm Hg , and diastolic BP above 70 mm Hg and mortality due to CHD were evident . Systolic and diastolic BP , serum cholesterol level , and cigarettes per day were significant predictors of death due to CHD in all age groups . Systolic BP was a stronger predictor than diastolic BP . These results , together with the findings of clinical trials , offer strong support for intensified preventive efforts in all age groups . Aging and diabetes mellitus -LRB- DM -RRB- both affect the structure and function of the myocardium , resulting in increased collagen in the heart and reduced cardiac function . As part of this process , hyperglycemia is a stimulus for the production of advanced glycation end products -LRB- AGEs -RRB- , which covalently modify proteins and impair cell function . The goals of this study were first to examine the combined effects of aging and DM on hemodynamics and collagen types in the myocardium in 12 dogs , 9-12 yr old , and second to examine the effects of the AGE cross-link breaker phenyl-4,5-dimethylthazolium chloride -LRB- ALT-711 -RRB- on myocardial collagen protein content , aortic stiffness , and left ventricular -LRB- LV -RRB- function in the aged diabetic heart . DM induced in the aging heart decreased LV systolic function -LRB- LV ejection fraction fell by 25 % -RRB- , increased aortic stiffness , and increased collagen type I and type III protein content . ALT-711 restored LV ejection fraction , reduced aortic stiffness and LV mass with no reduction in blood glucose level -LRB- 199 + / - 17 mg/dl -RRB- , and reversed the upregulation of collagen type I and type III . Myocardial LV collagen solubility -LRB- % -RRB- increased significantly after treatment with ALT-711 . These data suggest that an AGE cross-link breaker may have a therapeutic role in aged patients with DM .
The efficacy of prophylaxis against stress ulcers in preventing gastrointestinal bleeding in critically ill patients has led to its widespread use . The side effects and cost of prophylaxis , however , necessitate targeting preventive therapy to those patients most likely to benefit . We conducted a prospective multicenter cohort study in which we evaluated potential risk factors for stress ulceration in patients admitted to intensive care units and documented the occurrence of clinically important gastrointestinal bleeding -LRB- defined as overt bleeding in association with hemodynamic compromise or the need for blood transfusion -RRB- . Of 2252 patients , 33 -LRB- 1.5 percent ; 95 percent confidence interval , 1.0 to 2.1 percent -RRB- had clinically important bleeding . Two strong independent risk factors for bleeding were identified : respiratory failure -LRB- odds ratio , 15.6 -RRB- and coagulopathy -LRB- odds ratio , 4.3 -RRB- . Of 847 patients who had one or both of these risk factors , 31 -LRB- 3.7 percent ; 95 percent confidence interval , 2.5 to 5.2 percent -RRB- had clinically important bleeding . Of 1405 patients without these risk factors , 2 -LRB- 0.1 percent ; 95 percent confidence interval , 0.02 to 0.5 percent -RRB- had clinically important bleeding . The mortality rate was 48.5 percent in the group with bleeding and 9.1 percent in the group without bleeding -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Few critically ill patients have clinically important gastrointestinal bleeding , and therefore prophylaxis against stress ulcers can be safely withheld from critically ill patients unless they have coagulopathy or require mechanical ventilation . The authors compared the results of sucralfate versus H2 blocker + / - antacid as prophylaxis for stress ulceration in an intensive care unit patient population . Stress ulceration carries high morbidity and mortality for the patient who is critically ill . Gastric acid neutralization is an effective prophylaxis . The impact of increased gastric colonization with bacterial pathogens on nosocomial pneumonia after acid neutralization is unclear . The efficacy of sucralfate prophylaxis for stress ulceration and its the effect on the nosocomial pneumonia rate is controversial . The financial implications of sucralfate prophylaxis versus H2 blocker-based acid neutralization therapy has not been studied . Ninety-eight injured patients who were critically ill and who required intubation and intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- support for at least 72 hours without gastric feeding were randomized and received either maximal H2 blocker infusion therapy -LRB- continuous infusion of ranitidine at 0.25 mg/kg/hr after a loading dose of 0.5 mg/kg -RRB- plus antacids -LRB- for persistent pH < 4 -RRB- or sucralfate -LRB- 1 g every 6 hours via nasogastric tube -RRB- for stress ulcer prophylaxis . Efficacy in preventing stress ulcer complications was determined . The impact of each therapeutic approach on development of nosocomial pneumonia was evaluated . The charges/cost for each approach was analyzed . Gastric colonization preceded tracheobronchial colonization in five patients in the H2 blocker group and one patient in the sucralfate group ; simultaneous gastric/oropharyngeal colonization preceded positive tracheobronchial growth in six patients who received H2 blocker and one patient who received sucralfate . The overall pneumonia rate was 27.5 % in the H2 blocker group and 20.8 % in the sucralfate group -LRB- p = 0.48 -RRB- . Days on ventilator were 13.5 versus 9.1 , -LRB- p = 0.06 -RRB- , ICU lengths of stay were 14.7 versus 10.2 -LRB- p = 0.06 -RRB- , and hospital lengths of stay were 27.8 versus 20.0 -LRB- p = 0.029 -RRB- for the H2 blocker group and sucralfate group , respectively . Based on current charges and protocols for optimal H2 blocker and sucralfate prophylaxis , use of sucralfate rather than H2 blockers would decrease the annual cost by more than $ 30,000 per bed . Sucralfate is as efficacious as maximal H2 blocker therapy for stress ulceration prophylaxis , and may have a beneficial effect on the incidence of nosocomial pneumonia . Sucralfate has a major reduction on nursing requirements for stress ulcer prophylaxis and would save approximately $ 30,000 per ICU bed per year in patient charges . STRESS ULCERS OCCUR frequently in intensive care unit patients who have intracranial disease . After major physiological stress , endoscopic evidence of mucosal lesions of the gastrointestinal tract appears within 24 hours of injury ; 17 % of these erosions progress to clinically significant bleeding . Gastrointestinal hemorrhage has been associated with mortality rates of up to 50 % . The pathogenesis of stress ulcers may not be completely understood , but gastric acid and pepsin appear to play significant roles . Antacids , H2 antagonists , and sucralfate are effective prophylactic agents in the medical/surgical intensive care unit . Appropriate therapy for neurosurgical patients remains unclear , however . This review summarizes the current literature regarding the pathogenesis and therapy of stress ulcers in neurosurgical patients . To determine the rationale for using stress ulcer prophylaxis -LRB- SUP -RRB- among clinicians ; to assess criteria used to define failure of SUP ; and to evaluate the decision-making process in the selection of a prophylactic agent . A cross-sectional national mail survey . Random sample of the members of the Society of Critical Care Medicine who identified anesthesiology , surgery , or internal medicine as their primary specialty area . None . None . Questionnaires consisting of multiple-choice and short-answer questions were sent to a simple random sample of 1,268 physicians to assess the current practice of SUP . A total of 328 usable questions were returned , resulting in a response rate of 26 % . All percentages reported in the results are based on the total number of responses . The risk factors for SUP that were most commonly identified were burns -LRB- 91 % -RRB- , shock -LRB- 90 % -RRB- , and sepsis -LRB- 88 % -RRB- . These were also risk factors for which the respondents most commonly started SUP . Histamine-2-receptor -LRB- H2 -RRB- - antagonists
This may reflect the fact that the initial pathogenic event and the subsequent disease progression is a consequence of different mechanisms . As we began to think about this disconnect , we discovered that animals exposed to DA neurotoxins exhibited blood-brain barrier -LRB- BBB -RRB- dysfunction . If the BBB in PD patients is disrupted , then the barrier that normally segregates peripheral vascular factors from brain parenchyma is no longer present . Immune cells could then enter brain and produce a self-perpetuating -LRB- progressive -RRB- degenerative process . In this review , we propose that peripheral immunity contributes to the degenerative process of PD and may be responsible for the progressive nature of the disease . This hypothesis is supported by a broad and diverse literature that is just beginning to come together to suggest that PD is , in part , an autoimmune disease . In order to understand this hypothesis , the reader must question the conventional wisdom that the BBB is intact in PD , the brain is an immune privileged area , and that pathogenic insult and disease progression may reflect different mechanisms . Objective measures of postural control that are sensitive to Parkinson 's disease -LRB- PD -RRB- progression would improve patient care and accelerate clinical trials . Although measures of postural sway during quiet stance in untreated PD have been shown to differ from age-matched control subjects , it is not known if sway measures change with disease progression in early PD . In this pilot study , we asked whether accelerometer-based metrics of sway could provide a practical tool for monitoring progression of postural dyscontrol in people with untreated or newly treated PD . We examined 13 subjects with PD and 12 healthy , age-matched control subjects . The PD subjects had been recently diagnosed and had not started any antiparkinsonian medications at the baseline session . All subjects were tested 3-6 months and 12 months after the baseline session . Subjects were asked to stand quietly for two minutes while wearing an inertial sensor on their posterior trunk that measured trunk linear acceleration . Our results suggested that objective sway measures deteriorated over one year despite minimal changes in UPDRS motor scores . Medio-lateral -LRB- ML -RRB- sway measures were more sensitive than antero-posterior sway measures in detecting progression . The ML JERK was larger in the PD group than the control group across all three testing sessions . The ML sway dispersion and ML sway velocity were also significantly higher in PD compared to control subjects by the 12-month evaluation . It is feasible to measure progression of PD prior to onset of treatment using accelerometer-based measures of quiet standing .
Several school-based prevention programmes have been developed and used to prevent , delay , or reduce substance misuse , and related problems among community samples of adolescents . However , findings indicate that many of these interventions are associated with null , small , or mixed effects in reducing adolescent substance misuse , in particular for those mostly at risk of transitioning to substance use disorders . These findings highlight the need to shift the focus of substance use prevention efforts toward intervention strategies which directly target high-risk adolescents . The Preventure programme was designed to target four personality risk factors for substance misuse : hopelessness , anxiety sensitivity , impulsivity , and sensation seeking . This article reviews findings from the previous trials of personality-targeted interventions -LRB- i.e. , Preventure programme -RRB- with adolescents and discuss the promises and benefits of these interventions for targeting community samples of high-risk adolescents at school level for reducing substance misuse and related mental health problems . Findings indicated that this programme has been successful in reducing the rates of alcohol and illicit drug use and substance-related harms by ~ 50 % in high-risk adolescents with the effects last for up to 3 years . These interventions were also associated with a 25 % reduction in likelihood of transitioning to mental health problems , such as anxiety , depression , suicidal ideation , and conduct problems . The Substance Use Risk Profile Scale -LRB- SURPS -RRB- is based on a model of personality risk for substance abuse in which four personality dimensions -LRB- hopelessness , anxiety sensitivity , impulsivity , and sensation seeking -RRB- are hypothesized to differentially relate to specific patterns of substance use . The current series of studies is a preliminary exploration of the psychometric properties of the SURPS in two populations -LRB- undergraduate and high school students -RRB- . In study 1 , an analysis of the internal structure of two versions of the SURPS shows that the abbreviated version best reflects the 4-factor structure . Concurrent , discriminant , and incremental validity of the SURPS is supported by convergent/divergent relationships between the SURPS subscales and other theoretically relevant personality and drug use criterion measures . In Study 2 , the factorial structure of the SURPS is confirmed and evidence is provided for its test-retest reliability and validity with respect to measuring personality vulnerability to reinforcement-specific substance use patterns . In Study 3 , the SURPS was administered in a more youthful population to test its sensitivity in identifying younger problematic drinkers . The results from the current series of studies demonstrate support for the reliability and construct validity of the SURPS , and suggest that four personality dimensions may be linked to substance-related behavior through different reinforcement processes . This brief assessment tool may have important implications for clinicians and future research . Personality factors have been implicated in risk for substance use disorders through longitudinal and neurobiologic studies for over four decades . Only recently , however , have targeted interventions been developed to assist individuals with personality risk factors for substance use disorders manage their risk . This article reviews current practices in personality-targeted interventions and the eight randomised trials examining the efficacy of such approaches with respect to reducing and preventing substance use and misuse . Results indicate a moderate mean effect size for personality-targeted approaches across several different substance use outcomes and intervention settings and formats . Personality-targeted interventions offer several advantages over traditional substance use interventions , particularly when attempting to prevent development of problems in high-risk individuals or when addressing concurrent mental health problems in brief interventions .
A 28-week , randomized , placebo-controlled study was performed to evaluate efficacy and tolerability of rosiglitazone in Japanese type 2 diabetes patients . 373 patients were randomized to rosiglitazone -LRB- 4-8 mg/day -RRB- , pioglitazone -LRB- 15-45 mg/day -RRB- or placebo . Agents were titrated to maximum doses at fixed time points in a pre-defined manner . Primary endpoints were superiority of each active treatment compared to placebo in HbA -LRB- 1c -RRB- at week 16 , and non-inferiority between active agents in HbA -LRB- 1c -RRB- at week 28 , based on a -0.45 % margin . At week 16 , improvements versus placebo were observed with rosiglitazone 4 mg/day -LRB- -0.96 % , p < 0.001 -RRB- and pioglitazone 30 mg/day -LRB- -1.26 % , p < 0.001 -RRB- . Non-inferiority of rosiglitazone -LRB- 4-8 mg/day -RRB- to pioglitazone -LRB- 30-45 mg/day -RRB- was not demonstrated -LRB- treatment-difference : -0.41 % , 95 % CI : -0.64 , -0.18 -RRB- . More patients treated with pioglitazone were withdrawn from the study by adverse events compared with rosiglitazone -LRB- 14 vs. 4 , p = 0.015 -RRB- . Pioglitazone was associated with higher incidences of adverse events relating to edema and weight gain compared with rosiglitazone -LRB- edema : 25.2 vs. 11.3 % , weight gain : 9.4 vs. 4.4 % -RRB- . There were no reports of ischemic heart disease or congestive heart failure in any treatment group . Although non-inferiority to pioglitazone up to 45 mg in efficacy was not shown , rosiglitazone was confirmed to have clinically meaningful efficacy over placebo and fewer fluid-related events than pioglitazone . The study is registered on ClinicalTrials.gov as protocol NCT00297063 .
Based on quantification of the 3 physical symptoms of NVP -LRB- nausea , vomiting and retching -RRB- , PUQE closely correlates with the validated but much more complex Rhodes ' score . We examined the ability of PUQE to predict four independent aspects of NVP : -LRB- a -RRB- pregnant women 's ability to take multivitamins . -LRB- b -RRB- rates of emergency room visits and hospitalisation for NVP . -LRB- c -RRB- health cost of NVP . -LRB- d -RRB- women 's self scores of well-being in NVP . Using large prospective cohorts of women for each end point , severity of NVP measured by PUQE had significant predictive value for all 4 aspects sought . PUQE has been validated through 4 independent clinical outcomes of direct importance and relevance for NVP . This was a descriptive , controlled study of 20 patients with hyperemesis gravidarum whose nutritional status was assessed and compared with that of 20 pregnant , nonvomiting matched controls . Blood nutrient status was reassessed after 10 days of treatment with an intravenous saline solution containing a multivitamin preparation and again at day 20 . Mean dietary intake of most nutrients fell below 50 % of the recommended dietary allowances and differed significantly -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- from that of controls . More than 60 % of the patients had suboptimal biochemical status of thiamine , riboflavin , vitamin B6 , vitamin A , and retinol-binding protein . Vitamin C , calcium , albumin , hematocrit , and hemoglobin values were significantly higher in those patients where the duration of vomiting had been longer , suggesting the presence of dehydration . Treatment was associated with cessation of vomiting and improvement in blood nutrient status . Pregnancy outcome was favorable in all patients . The hyperemetic pregnant patient is at nutritional risk ; prompt initiation of corrective therapy is recommended .
Postoperative pain is the commonest reason for delayed discharge and unanticipated hospital admission after ambulatory surgery . We investigated the severity of pain at 24 hr postoperatively and determined the most painful procedures . The need for further medical advice and clarity of postoperative analgesia instructions were also studied . Five thousand seven hundred and three ambulatory surgical patients were telephoned 24 hr postoperatively . Patients graded their pain using the ten-point self-assessing verbal scale -LRB- 0 = no pain , 10 = worst pain -RRB- . Data were analyzed in two groups , those with moderate to severe pain -LRB- pain score 4-10 -RRB- and those with no or mild pain -LRB- 0-3 -RRB- . Thirty percent of patients -LRB- 1,495 / 5,703 -RRB- had moderate to severe pain . Microdiscectomy , laparoscopic cholecystectomy , shoulder surgery , elbow/hand surgery , ankle surgery , inguinal hernia repair , and knee surgery were identified as the procedures causing most pain at 24 hr . 13.2 % of patients needed medical advice by telephone , 1.4 % made an unplanned visit to a doctor while the rate of readmission to the hospital was 0.08 % . Ninety-eight percent found postoperative instruction sheets and advice helpful . Eighty-eight percent of patients indicated that analgesic instructions were absolutely clear . This study has identified the more painful common ambulatory surgical procedures which will allow take home analgesia to be tailored according to individual procedures . Further improvement in analgesic instructions may help in better pain management of ambulatory surgery patients . The quality of pain relief during the first 48 hours following ambulatory surgery has been poorly documented . This questionnaire study was performed to evaluate the nature and severity of pain after the patient leaves the hospital . 1100 patients in the age group 5-88 years who underwent ambulatory surgery during a period of 6 months were asked to complete a questionnaire 48 h after the end of the operation . In the case of children , parents were asked to complete a similar questionnaire . The questions were related to pain experienced during the first 48 h after surgery and to the nature and severity of postoperative complications . In these patients the severity of pain did not decrease during the 2-day study period . About 10 % patients had more severe pain than they had anticipated , and 20 % had difficulty in sleeping at night due to severe pain . Despite this , over 95 % of patients were satisfied with management of postoperative pain . Nausea -LRB- 20 % -RRB- , tiredness -LRB- 20 % -RRB- and vomiting -LRB- 8 % -RRB- were the commonest complications reported during the first 48 h . A significant association was found between the administration of a general anaesthetic and the incidence of nausea postoperatively . A large number of patients were alone at home after the operation -LRB- 28.4 % -RRB- ; some -LRB- 3.8 % -RRB- had no access to a relative or friend in case of need . Our results show that about 35 % of day-surgery patients experience moderate-to-severe pain at home in spite of analgesic medication . About 20 % of patients had sleep problems due to severe pain . However , only 5 % of patients were dissatisfied . Better analgesic techniques are necessary for patients undergoing certain types of surgery .
Human Immunodeficiency Virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- / sexually transmitted infection -LRB- STI -RRB- risk behaviors among adolescents remain significant public health concerns . Shifts in policy and advances in technology provide opportunities for researchers and clinicians to deliver and evaluate mobile-health -LRB- mHealth -RRB- prevention programs in primary care , however , research is limited . This study assessed the usability and acceptability of Storytelling 4 Empowerment-a mHealth HIV/STI and drug abuse preventive intervention app-among adolescents in primary care . Informed by principles of community-based participatory research , we recruited a purposive sample of 30 adolescents from a youth-centered community health care clinic in Southeast Michigan . Adolescents who participated in the Storytelling 4 Empowerment intervention assessed its usability and acceptability , and self-reported their HIV/STI risk behaviors . Adolescents reported high acceptability of the content , process , and format of Storytelling 4 Empowerment , as evidenced by qualitative data and mean scores from the Session Evaluation Form for the HIV/STI and Alcohol/Drug content , overall Storytelling 4 Empowerment intervention , and Client Satisfaction Questionnaire-8 . Findings indicate that Storytelling 4 Empowerment is acceptable among adolescents in primary care . A next step is to examine the effect of Storytelling 4 Empowerment on adolescent sexual risk and drug use behaviors and HIV/STI testing . Effective clinician-patient communication is linked to positive patient health outcomes in adults , yet the research on adolescent populations remains limited . We describe adolescent experiences of clinician-patient HIV/STI communication through qualitative interviews with predominantly African-American adolescent women from a youth-centered primary care clinic . Participants described acknowledging clinicians are professionals , the importance of confidentiality to foster clinician-adolescent communication , and calling for clinician-initiated HIV/STI communication . Adolescents expressed the necessity for clinicians to engage youth in these challenging conversations through an open and understanding approach . Additionally , adolescents described experiences of perceived judgment and uncomfortableness from clinicians , and non-disclosure of HIV/STI risk behaviors to their clinician . Findings underscore the adolescents ' desire to engage in HIV/STI communication with healthcare providers , while highlighting important strategies for clinicians .
Tacrine is a centrally acting , reversible cholinesterase inhibitor that increases synaptic levels of acetylcholine -LRB- ACh -RRB- and can potentiate the actions of dopamine -LRB- DA -RRB- . The present study was conducted to evaluate effects of tacrine on cocaine-reinforced responding in a rat line selectively bred for high levels of drug self-administration -LRB- the HS line -RRB- . HS rats self-administered different doses of cocaine under a fixed-ratio-5 -LRB- FR-5 -RRB- schedule . Actions of tacrine differed for self-administration that was initiated within 20 min of pretreatment -LRB- described as early sessions -RRB- , and for self-administration that occurred between one and three days after administration of tacrine was discontinued -LRB- late sessions -RRB- . Tacrine 's potency for attenuating self-administration during late sessions was greater for cocaine - relative to food-reinforcement in HS rats , and for HS relative to outbred rats . In a subset of tacrine-treated HS rats , cocaine self-administration was persistently attenuated by more than 80 % from pretreatment baseline levels over a one-week period during which no further tacrine was administered . In summary , pretreatment with tacrine can produce a long-lasting attenuation of cocaine-reinforced responding .
Malignant tumors of the salivary glands make up approximately 5 % of head and neck cancers . The Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group -LRB- ECOG -RRB- initiated a phase II evaluation of paclitaxel in patients with locally recurrent or metastatic salivary gland malignancies . Chemo-naive patients with histologically confirmed recurrent or metastatic carcinoma of salivary gland origin -LRB- mucoepidermoid , adenocarcinoma , or adenoid cystic -RRB- were eligible . Patients were treated with paclitaxel , 200 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- IV , every 21 days for a minimum of four cycles . Forty-five patients were treated . Eight partial responses were seen among the 31 patients with mucoepidermoid or adenocarcinoma histologic findings for a response rate of 26 % . Paclitaxel demonstrates moderate activity in salivary gland tumors of mucoepidermoid and adenocarcinoma histology .
Thirty-nine tumor-bearing patients with metastatic melanoma were treated with 3 subcutaneous injections of the MAGE-3 . A1 peptide at monthly intervals . No significant toxicity was observed . Of the 25 patients who received the complete treatment , 7 displayed significant tumor regressions . All but one of these regressions involved cutaneous metastases . Three regressions were complete and 2 of these led to a disease-free state , which persisted for more than 2 years after the beginning of treatment . Our results suggest that injection of the MAGE-3 . A1 peptide induced tumor regression in a significant number of the patients , even though no massive CTL response was produced . After vaccination of melanoma patients with MAGE antigens , we observed that even in the few patients showing tumor regression , the frequency of anti-vaccine T cells in the blood was often either undetectable or < 10 -LRB- -5 -RRB- of CD8 T cells . This frequency being arguably too low for these cells to be sole effectors of rejection , we reexamined the contribution of T cells recognizing other tumor antigens . The presence of such antitumor T cells in melanoma patients has been widely reported . To begin assessing their contribution to vaccine-induced rejection , we evaluated their blood frequency in five vaccinated patients . The antitumor cytotoxic T lymphocyte -LRB- CTL -RRB- precursors ranged from 10 -LRB- -4 -RRB- to 3 x 10 -LRB- -3 -RRB- , which is 10-10,000 times higher than the anti-vaccine CTL in the same patient . High frequencies were also observed before vaccination . In a patient showing nearly complete regression after vaccination with a MAGE-3 antigen , we observed a remarkably focused antitumoral response . Others recognized gp100 antigens . CTLp 's recognizing MAGE-C2 and gp100 antigens were already present before vaccination , but new clonotypes appeared afterwards . These results suggest that a spontaneous antitumor T cell response , which has become ineffective , can be reawakened by vaccination and contribute to tumor rejection . This notion is reinforced by the frequencies of anti-vaccine and antitumor CTLs observed inside metastases , as presented by Lurquin et al. -LRB- Lurquin , C. , B. Lethe , V. Corbiere , I. Theate , N. van Baren , P.G. Coulie , and T. Boon . 2004 . J. Exp . Med . 201:249-257 -RRB- . Anticancer cytotoxic agents go through a process by which their antitumor activity-on the basis of the amount of tumor shrinkage they could generate-has been investigated . In the late 1970s , the International Union Against Cancer and the World Health Organization introduced specific criteria for the codification of tumor response evaluation . In 1994 , several organizations involved in clinical research combined forces to tackle the review of these criteria on the basis of the experience and knowledge acquired since then . After several years of intensive discussions , a new set of guidelines is ready that will supersede the former criteria . In parallel to this initiative , one of the participating groups developed a model by which response rates could be derived from unidimensional measurement of tumor lesions instead of the usual bidimensional approach . This new concept has been largely validated by the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors Group and integrated into the present guidelines . This special article also provides some philosophic background to clarify the various purposes of response evaluation . It proposes a model by which a combined assessment of all existing lesions , characterized by target lesions -LRB- to be measured -RRB- and nontarget lesions , is used to extrapolate an overall response to treatment . Methods of assessing tumor lesions are better codified , briefly within the guidelines and in more detail in Appendix I. All other aspects of response evaluation have been discussed , reviewed , and amended whenever appropriate .
Unsafe abortion is preventable and yet remains a significant cause of maternal morbidity and mortality in much of the developing world . Over the last decade , the World Health Organization has developed a systematic approach to estimate the regional and global incidence of unsafe abortion . Estimates based on figures around the year 2000 indicate that 19 million unsafe abortions take place each year , that is , approximately one in ten pregnancies ended in an unsafe abortion , giving a ratio of one unsafe abortion to about seven live births . Almost all unsafe abortions take place in the developing world . In Latin America and the Caribbean , 3.7 million unsafe abortions are estimated to take place each year , with an abortion rate of 26 per 1000 women of reproductive age , almost one unsafe abortion to every three live births . Asia has the lowest unsafe abortion rate at 11 per 1000 women of reproductive age , but 10.5 million unsafe abortions take place there each year , almost one unsafe abortion to every seven live births . However , excluding East Asia , where most abortions are safe and accessible , the ratio for the rest of Asia is one unsafe abortion to five live births . In contrast , there is one unsafe abortion per 25 live births in developed countries . Our purpose was to determine whether the continuation of antibiotics postoperatively after cesarean section in patients whose labors were complicated by chorioamnionitis would reduce the incidence of endometritis . Patients with a clinical diagnosis of chorioamnionitis treated with ampicillin during labor and who required cesarean delivery for obstetric indications received preoperative intravenous clindamycin and gentamicin and were randomized into 2 groups . Group 1 received no scheduled postoperative antibiotics and group 2 continued to receive clindamycin 900 mg every 8 hours and gentamicin 1.5 mg/kg every 8 hours until afebrile for a minimum of 24 hours -LRB- temperature < / = 100 degreesF -RRB- . The duration of labor , the duration of membrane rupture , and the number of intrapartum vaginal examinations were statistically insignificant between the 2 groups . The mean duration of maternal postoperative hospital stay was 4 days for both groups . There were no statistically significant differences in the rate of endometritis for group 1 , 9 of 61 -LRB- 14.8 % -RRB- , versus group 2 , 12 of 55 -LRB- 21.8 % -RRB- , P = .32 . In patients whose labors were complicated by chorioamnionitis and who underwent cesarean section , the continuation of preoperative clindamycin and gentamicin in the postoperative period did not reduce the risk of endometritis compared with a single preoperative dose . Postpartum endometritis , which is more common after cesarean section , occurs when vaginal organisms invade the endometrial cavity during labor and birth . Antibiotic treatment is warranted . The effect of different antibiotic regimens for the treatment of postpartum endometritis on failure of therapy and complications was systematically reviewed . We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group 's trials register -LRB- 30 January 2004 -RRB- . Randomized trials of different antibiotic regimens for postpartum endometritis , after cesarean section or vaginal birth , where outcomes of treatment failure or complications were reported were selected . We abstracted data independently and made comparisons between different types of antibiotic regimen based on type of antibiotic and duration and route of administration . Summary relative risks were calculated . Thirty-eight trials with 3983 participants were included . Fifteen studies comparing clindamycin and an aminoglycoside with another regimen showed more treatment failures with the other regimen -LRB- relative risk -LRB- RR -RRB- 1.44 ; 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- 1.15 to 1.80 -RRB- . Failures of those regimens with poor activity against penicillin resistant anaerobic bacteria were more likely -LRB- RR 1.94 ; 95 % CI 1.38 to 2.72 -RRB- . In three studies that compared continued oral antibiotic therapy after intravenous therapy with no oral therapy , no differences were found in recurrent endometritis or other outcomes . In four studies comparing once daily with thrice daily dosing of gentamicin there were fewer failures with once daily dosing . There was no evidence of difference in incidence of allergic reactions . Cephalosporins were associated with less diarrhea . The combination of gentamicin and clindamycin is appropriate for the treatment of endometritis . Regimens with activity against penicillin - resistant anaerobic bacteria are better than those without . There is no evidence that any one regimen is associated with fewer side effects . Once uncomplicated endometritis has clinically improved with intravenous therapy , oral therapy is not needed .
While reviews of controlled studies of the Individual Placement and Support -LRB- IPS -RRB- model of supported employment for clients with severe mental illness have documented its effectiveness in the US , its generalizability to other countries has not been systematically evaluated . This is the first review to compare US to non-US studies . We identified 15 randomized controlled trials of IPS programs , 9 in the US and 6 outside the US . We examined competitive employment outcomes , including employment rate , days to first job , weeks worked during follow-up , and hours worked . We also considered noncompetitive employment , program retention , and nonvocational outcomes . IPS programs had significantly better outcomes across a range of competitive employment indicators and higher retention in services than control groups . The overall competitive employment rate for IPS clients in US studies was significantly higher than in non-US studies -LRB- 62 % vs. 47 % -RRB- . The consistently positive competitive employment outcomes strongly favoring IPS over a range of comparison programs in a group of international studies suggest that IPS is an evidence-based practice that may transport well into new settings as long as programs achieve high fidelity to the IPS model , but further research is needed on international adaptations . Neurocognitive deficits are recognized as core features of schizophrenia and have a great impact on functional outcome . Recent reports have suggested that a functional polymorphism , Val158Met , of the catechol-O-methyltransferase -LRB- COMT -RRB- gene , partially influences cognitive performances -LRB- mainly cognitive flexibility and working memory -RRB- both in schizophrenic patients and in healthy controls , probably by modulating prefrontal dopamine function . While previous studies focused on single evaluation of cognitive functioning , we aimed to analyse the additive effect of COMT genotype and cognitive exercise on dynamic modulation of cognitive performances . We analysed the COMT Val158Met polymorphism in 50 patients with chronic schizophrenia randomly allocated to two treatment conditions for 3 months : standard rehabilitation treatment -LRB- SRT -RRB- alone and SRT plus specific cognitive exercise of impaired functions . We then divided our sample in four subgroups on the basis of genotype -LRB- Val/Val versus Met carriers -RRB- and treatment -LRB- placebo versus active -RRB- . We assessed patients with a neuropsychological battery , the Positive and Negative Symptoms Scale -LRB- PANSS -RRB- and the Quality of Life Scale -LRB- QLS -RRB- at enrolment , after 3 months of therapy and after further 3 months of follow-up . We found significantly greater improvement of cognitive flexibility performance and QLS total score for Met carriers on active treatment in comparison to Val/Val on placebo . The findings support the hypothesis that COMT polymorphism influences individual capacity to recover from cognitive deficit through rehabilitation therapy after a wider intervention also including deficit-specific cognitive exercise as a potentiating tool . Cognitive remediation is the best available tool to treat cognitive deficits in schizophrenia and has evidence of biological validity ; however results are still heterogeneous and significant predictors are lacking . Previous studies showed that cognitive remediation is able to induce changes in PFC function and dopaminergic transmission and thus the study of possible sources of variability at these levels -LRB- i.e. antipsychotic treatments and genetic variability -RRB- might help to gain a deeper understanding of neurobiological correlates and translate into optimization and personalization of interventions . In the present study , we analyzed the interaction between pharmacological treatment -LRB- clozapine vs typical/atypical D2 blockers -RRB- and COMT rs4680 polymorphism on cognitive changes after cognitive remediation therapy , in a sample of 98 clinically stabilized patients with schizophrenia . Post-hoc analysis revealed a significant difference between COMT genotypes , when treated with D2 blockers , with worse results among Val/Val patients . These preliminary results suggest that genetic variability , influencing prefrontal dopamine , might affect individual capacity to improve with different patterns , depending on antipsychotic treatment . Access to employment plays a critical role in the recovery and functioning of people with schizophrenia . We have investigated the effectiveness of treatments to enhance employment outcomes for people with schizophrenia and evaluated the potential moderators of these outcomes . A literature search was conducted in CINAHL , Cochrane Databases , MEDLINE , ProQuest XML , PsycINFO , Scopus , and Web of Science . Grey literature databases , references lists of the retrieved articles and specialized journals in the field were also inspected . Job placement , job tenure and wages earned were tested . Risk ratios were extracted for job placement and standardized mean differences were calculated for job tenure and wages earned . Twenty-five randomized controlled trials published between 1986 and December 2015 were analyzed . Engaging in a vocational intervention increases the likelihood of obtaining a competitive job -LRB- risk ratio -LRB- RR -RRB- = 2.31 , 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- : 1.85-2.88 -RRB- and has a positive impact on hours worked in any job -LRB- standardized mean difference -LRB- SMD -RRB- = 0.42 , 95 % CI : 0.16-0.68 -RRB- . There was no evidence of intervention efficacy with regard to wages earned from competitive employment . Participation in rehabilitative vocational treatment is not sufficient to ensure work participation for people with schizophrenia . Comprehensive treatments are necessary to address functional deficits that hinder labor stability and job performance for people with schizophrenia . Int J Occup Med Environ Health 2017 ; 30 -LRB- 3 -RRB- : 345-366 . Cognitive remediation therapy is effective for improving cognition , symptoms and social functioning in individuals with schizophrenia ; however , the impact on visual episodic memory remains unclear . The objectives of this feasibility study were : -LRB- 1 -RRB- to explore whether or not CIRCuiTS -- a new computerised cognitive remediation therapy programme developed in England -- improves visual episodic memory and other cognitive domains in young adults with early course schizophrenia ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- to evaluate acceptability of the CIRCuiTS
Increased hydrogen and reduced chloride ionic environments of the airways are conducive to the stimulation of cough . However , the constituents of the local milieu of the airways of patients with chronic cough are unknown . The cause of cough was asthma -LRB- n = 13 -RRB- , postnasal drip/rhinitis -LRB- n = 7 -RRB- , gastro-oesophageal reflux -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- , bronchiectasis -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- , but remained unidentified in 20 . Compared with controls , patients with chronic cough had lower pH -LRB- mean 7.9 v 8.3 , 95 % CI of difference -0.5 to -0.2 , p < 0.0001 -RRB- , chloride levels -LRB- median 4 v 6 mmol/l , 95 % CI -3.1 to -0.2 , p = 0.007 -RRB- , and C5 -LRB- median 3.9 v 125 micro M , 95 % CI -270.0 to -17.6 , p = 0.002 -RRB- . The pH levels were different in the six subgroups including controls , and were reduced in all diagnostic subgroups of patients with cough compared with controls but did not differ between them . Chloride levels were significantly different in the six subgroups but were lower than controls in only the gastro-oesophageal reflux subgroup . There was a weak but significant correlation between chloride levels and C5 when all participants were analysed together , but not between pH and C5 or chloride levels . pH and chloride levels did not change after capsaicin challenge . The epithelial lining fluid of patients with chronic cough has a reduced pH and reduced chloride levels which could contribute to the enhanced cough reflex .
We were unable to identify studies that have considered the diffusion of an e-learning programme among a large population of general practitioners . The aim of this study was to investigate the uptake of an e-learning programme introduced to General Practitioners as part of a nation-wide disseminated dementia guideline . A prospective study among all 3632 Danish GPs . The GPs were followed from the launching of the e-learning programme in November 2006 and 6 months forward . Use of the e-learning programme . A logistic regression model -LRB- GEE -RRB- was used to identify predictors for use of the e-learning programme . In the study period , a total of 192 different GPs -LRB- 5.3 % -RRB- were identified as users , and 17 % -LRB- 32 -RRB- had at least one re-logon . Among responders at first login most have learnt about the e-learning programme from written material -LRB- 41 % -RRB- or from the internet -LRB- 44 % -RRB- . Most of the respondents used the e-learning programme due to general interest -LRB- 90 % -RRB- . Only few Danish GPs used the e-learning programme in the first 6 months after the launching . Those using it were more often males and members of Danish College of General Practice . Based on this study we conclude , that an active implementation is needed , also when considering electronic formats of CME like e-learning . ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier : NCT00392483 .
The purpose of this study was to assess the reliability , construct validity , and sensitivity to change of the Lower Extremity Functional Scale -LRB- LEFS -RRB- . The LEFS was administered to 107 patients with lower-extremity musculoskeletal dysfunction referred to 12 outpatient physical therapy clinics . The LEFS was administered during the initial assessment , 24 to 48 hours following the initial assessment , and then at weekly intervals for 4 weeks . The SF-36 -LRB- acute version -RRB- was administered during the initial assessment and at weekly intervals . A type 2,1 intraclass correlation coefficient was used to estimate test-retest reliability . Pearson correlations and one-way analyses of variance were used to examine construct validity . Spearman rank-order correlation coefficients were used to examine the relationship between an independent prognostic rating of change for each patient and change in the LEFS and SF-36 scores . Test-retest reliability of the LEFS scores was excellent -LRB- R = .94 -LSB- 95 % lower limit confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- = .89 -RSB- -RRB- . Correlations between the LEFS and the SF-36 physical function subscale and physical component score were r = .80 -LRB- 95 % lower limit CI = .73 -RRB- and r = .64 -LRB- 95 % lower limit CI = .54 -RRB- , respectively . There was a higher correlation between the prognostic rating of change and the LEFS than between the prognostic rating of change and the SF-36 physical function score . The potential error associated with a score on the LEFS at a given point in time is + / -5.3 scale points -LRB- 90 % CI -RRB- , the minimal detectable change is 9 scale points -LRB- 90 % CI -RRB- , and the minimal clinically important difference is 9 scale points -LRB- 90 % CI -RRB- . The sensitivity to change of the LEFS was superior to that of the SF-36 in this population . This study assessed the validity of the Balance Scale by examining : how Scale scores related to clinical judgements and self-perceptions of balance , laboratory measures of postural sway and external criteria reflecting balancing ability ; if scores could predict falls in the elderly ; and how they related to motor and functional performance in stroke patients . Elderly residents -LRB- N = 113 -RRB- were assessed for functional performance and balance regularly over a nine-month period . Occurrence of falls was monitored for a year . Acute stroke patients -LRB- N = 70 -RRB- were periodically rated for functional independence , motor performance and balance for over three months . Thirty-one elderly subjects were assessed by clinical and laboratory indicators reflecting balancing ability . The Scale correlated moderately with caregiver ratings , self-ratings and laboratory measures of sway . Differences in mean Scale scores were consistent with the use of mobility aids by elderly residents and differentiated stroke patients by location of follow-up . Balance scores predicted the occurrence of multiple falls among elderly residents and were strongly correlated with functional and motor performance in stroke patients .
To investigate the efficacy and safety of nebulized poractant alfa -LRB- at 200 and 400 mg/kg doses -RRB- delivered in combination with nasal continuous positive airway pressure compared with nasal continuous positive airway pressure alone in premature infants with diagnosed respiratory distress syndrome . This randomized , controlled , multinational study was conducted in infants at 28 <sup> 0/7 </sup> to 32 <sup> 6/7 </sup> weeks of gestation . The primary outcome was the incidence of respiratory failure in the first 72 hours of life , defined as needing endotracheal surfactant and/or mechanical ventilation owing to prespecified criteria . Secondary outcomes included the time to respiratory failure in the first 72 hours , duration of ventilation , mortality , incidence of bronchopulmonary dysplasia , and major associated neonatal comorbidities . In total , 129 infants were randomized . No significant differences were observed for the primary outcome : 24 -LRB- 57 % -RRB- , 20 -LRB- 49 % -RRB- , and 25 -LRB- 58 % -RRB- infants received endotracheal surfactant and/or mechanical ventilation within 72 hours in the poractant alfa 200 mg/kg , poractant alfa 400 mg/kg , and nasal continuous positive airway pressure groups , respectively . Similarly , secondary respiratory outcomes did not differ among groups . Enrollment was halted early owing to a change in the benefit-risk balance of the intervention . Nebulized poractant alfa was well-tolerated and safe , and no serious adverse events were related to the study treatment .
The mechanism of action of CS-045 , a new orally active antidiabetic agent , was studied in vitro using cultured hepatoma cells -LRB- Hep G2 -RRB- and muscle cells -LRB- BC3H-1 -RRB- . Treatment of both types of cultured cells with varying doses of CS-045 did not significantly alter insulin receptor binding . Basal and insulin-stimulated glucose transport in BC3H-1 cells was also unaltered by the drug . In contrast , CS-045 increased glycogen synthase I activity in both cell types . This effect was maximal after 24 hours and in Hep G2 cells was associated with a threefold increase in the apparent affinity of the enzyme for glucose-6-phosphate . Gluconeogenesis from lactate in Hep G2 cells was greatly reduced by CS-045 treatment . We conclude that CS-045 may act directly on muscle and liver cells to increase glucose utilization . It is also effective in reducing glucose production . These multiple effects may account in part for the ability of CS-045 to reduce blood sugar levels in vivo . Troglitazone decreases insulin resistance and hyperglycemia in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus -LRB- NIDDM -RRB- , but its effects on subjects without diabetes are not known . We performed oral and intravenous glucose-tolerance tests , studies with the euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp , meal-tolerance tests , and 24-hour blood-pressure measurements at base line and after the administration of troglitazone , 200 mg orally twice daily , or placebo for 12 weeks in 18 nondiabetic obese subjects , 9 of whom had impaired glucose tolerance . The mean -LRB- + / - SD -RRB- rates of glucose disposal increased from 4.7 + / - 1.7 to 6.0 + / - 1.7 mg per kilogram of body weight per minute -LRB- P = 0.004 -RRB- and from 9.0 + / - 1.8 to 9.9 + / - 1.3 mg per kilogram per minute -LRB- P = 0.02 -RRB- during insulin infusions of 40 and 300 mU per square meter of body-surface area per minute , respectively , in the troglitazone group . The insulin-sensitivity index , calculated from the results of intravenous glucose-tolerance tests , increased from 0.7 + / - 0.6 x 10 -LRB- -4 -RRB- to 1.6 + / - 0.9 x 10 -LRB- -4 -RRB- in subjects given troglitazone , and their glycemic response to oral glucose and to mixed meals decreased . The mean fasting plasma insulin concentration decreased by 48 percent -LRB- P = 0.002 -RRB- , and the plasma insulin response to oral glucose and mixed meals decreased by 40 and 41 percent , respectively . The changes were similar in the subjects with normal glucose tolerance and those with impaired glucose tolerance . Systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased by 5 + / - 2 mm Hg -LRB- P = 0.05 -RRB- and 4 + / - 2 mm Hg -LRB- P = 0.04 -RRB- , respectively , after treatment with troglitazone . There were virtually no changes in the placebo group . Troglitazone decreases insulin resistance and improves glucose tolerance in obese subjects with either impaired or normal glucose tolerance . The ability of troglitazone to reduce insulin resistance could be useful in preventing NIDDM : There is now an increasing appreciation for many novel CVRF that occur largely as a result of insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia . We compared the addition of metformin or troglitazone therapy on CVRF in 22 subjects with type 2 diabetes who remained in poor glycemic control -LRB- with HbA1c > 8.5 % -RRB- while taking glyburide 10 mg twice daily . Subjects were initially randomized to either metformin 850 mg once daily or troglitazone 200 mg once daily . Both medications were then titrated upward as needed to achieve fasting plasma glucose < 120 mg/dl . Measures of glucose control , insulin resistance , and CVRF -LRB- blood pressure , lipids , plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 , C-reactive protein , fibrinogen , and small dense LDL -RRB- were assessed both before and after therapy . After 4 months of treatment , both metformin and troglitazone led to similar decreases in fasting plasma glucose and HbA1c . The reduction in insulin resistance determined by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp was nearly twofold greater with troglitazone than metformin . Metformin did not induce significant changes in blood pressure , LDL cholesterol , LDL size , HDL cholesterol , triglycerides , or plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 . However , C-reactive protein did decrease by 33 % -LRB- 6 + / - 1 to 4 + / - 1 mg/l ; P < 0.01 -RRB- -LSB- corrected -RSB- . Troglitazone therapy was associated with increases in LDL size -LRB- 26.21 + / - 0.22 to 26.56 + / - 0.25 nm ; P = 0.04 -RRB- and HDL cholesterol -LRB- 33 + / - 3 to 36 + / - 3 mg/dl ; P = 0.05 -RRB- and decreases in triglycerides -LRB- 197 + / - 19 to 155 + / - 23 mg/dl ; P = 0.07 -RRB- and C-reactive protein by 60 % -LRB- 8 + / - 3 to 3 + / - 1 mg/l , P < 0.01 -RRB- -LSB- corrected -RSB- . For patients with type 2 diabetes in whom maximal sulfonylurea therapy failed , the addition of the insulin sensitizer troglitazone seemed to have greater benefits on several traditional and novel CVRF than metformin therapy . These differences were not related to glycemic improvement but reflected , in part , the greater reduction in insulin resistance obtained with addition of troglitazone . These data suggest that medications that more effectively address this underlying metabolic defect may be more beneficial in reducing cardiovascular risk in type 2 diabetes . To test whether a predominance of small , dense low-density lipoprotein -LRB- LDL -RRB- particles and elevated triglyceride levels are independent risk factors for myocardial infarction -LRB- MI -RRB- . Nested case-control study with prospectively collected samples . Prospective cohort study . Blood samples were collected at baseline -LRB- 85 % nonfasting samples -RRB- from
To determine if repeated dosing with methylphenidate hydrochloride -LRB- MPD -RRB- -LRB- Ritalin ; Novartis Pharmaceuticals , East Hanover , NJ -RRB- , an inhibitor of the dopamine transporter , would augment the effects of oral levodopa in patients with Parkinson disease . The study was a double-blind , randomized , placebo-controlled crossover trial . The trial was conducted at the General Clinical Research Center -LRB- GCRC -RRB- as an inpatient study . Subjects Thirteen people with idiopathic Parkinson disease and a fluctuating motor response to levodopa were recruited from movement disorder clinics as a convenience sample . One subject was excluded because he did not have a 10 % increase in tapping speed in response to levodopa . The remaining 12 subjects completed the protocol . A 0.4-mg / kg dose of MPD was administered orally at 8 am , noon , and 4 pm in conjunction with the subjects ' normal oral antiparkinsonian medications . Subjects were discharged taking their usual antiparkinsonian medications without MPD . They returned 1 and 2 weeks later to the GCRC for 1 day of hourly monitoring of their response to the medication regimen derived during the 4 days in the GCRC , once with MPD and once with identical-appearing placebo , in a randomized sequence and double-blind conditions . The main outcome measure was the duration of `` on '' time between 9 am and 8 pm measured by an increase in tapping speed by 10 % over the average of the 7 am to 8 am predosing tapping speed measurements . Secondary measures were estimates of `` on '' time obtained with the timed walking task , tremor scores , and dyskinesia scores . In addition , averages of hourly tapping speeds , walking speed , tremor scores , dyskinesia scores , vital signs , and analog scale scores for mood , anxiety , and fatigue between 9 am and 8 pm were examined . Adverse events on the double-blinded days were compared . Methylphenidate tended to increase average tapping speed , decrease time to perform walking task , decrease tremor , and increase dyskinesia score but only the decrease in tremor reached significance . Neither the investigators nor the subjects could reliably identify active drug . Methylphenidate was well tolerated . The effects of 0.4 mg/kg of MPD 3 times per day on the motor response to levodopa were small and variable and judged to be clinically insignificant . Trial Registration clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT00359723 .
To compare the long-term effect on kidney function of a long-acting calcium antagonist -LRB- nisoldipine -RRB- versus a long-acting ACE inhibitor -LRB- lisinopril -RRB- in hypertensive type 1 diabetic patients with diabetic nephropathy . We performed a 4-year prospective , randomized , double-dummy controlled study comparing nisoldipine -LRB- 20-40 mg once a day -RRB- with lisinopril -LRB- 10-20 mg once a day -RRB- . The study was double-blinded for the first year and single-blinded thereafter . The study included 51 hypertensive type 1 diabetic patients with diabetic nephropathy . Three patients dropped out during the first month ; results for the remaining 48 patients are presented . At baseline , the two groups were comparable : glomerular filtration rate -LRB- GFR -RRB- was 85 + / - 5 and 85 + / - 6 ml x min -LRB- -1 -RRB- x -LSB- 1.73 m -RSB- -LRB- -2 -RRB- ; mean 24-h ambulatory blood pressure was 108 + / - 3 and 105 + / - 2 mmHg , and albuminuria was 1,554 mg/24 h -LRB- 95 % CI 980-2,465 -RRB- and 1,033 mg/24 h -LRB- 760-1,406 -RRB- in the lisinopril and nisoldipine groups , respectively . Whereas initiation of treatment with lisinopril resulted in a reduction from baseline albuminuria by 52 % -LRB- 95 % CI 14-73 -RRB- , albuminuria in the nisoldipine group did not change throughout the study GFR declined in a biphasic manner with an initial -LRB- 0-6 months -RRB- reduction of 1.3 + / - 0.3 ml x min -LRB- -1 -RRB- x month -LRB- -1 -RRB- in the lisinopril group compared with 0.2 + / - 0.4 ml x min -LRB- -1 -RRB- x month -LRB- -1 -RRB- in the nisoldipine group -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- . The subsequent sustained decline -LRB- 6 to 48 months or the end of treatment -RRB- was identical in the two groups : 0.5 + / - 0.1 ml min -LRB- -1 -RRB- x month -LRB- -1 -RRB- -LRB- NS -RRB- . Two patients in the lisinopril group and three patients in the nisoldipine group entered therapy for end-stage renal failure . Long-term treatment with lisinopril or nisoldipine has similar beneficial effects on progression of diabetic nephropathy in hypertensive type 1 diabetic patients .
The Collaborative Longitudinal Evaluation of Keratoconus -LRB- CLEK -RRB- Survey represents the largest sample of clinic-based keratoconus patients to date . Data were collected at 38 clinical centers on 1,579 keratoconus patients . This article reports demographic variable , ages , self-reported ages at diagnosis , keratometry , slit-lamp findings , systemic disease , family history of keratoconus , and best spectacle-corrected and contact lens-corrected visual acuity of this sample group . The average age of this clinic-based sample group was 37 years -LRB- range 10-89 years -RRB- , with 84 % between 20 and 49 years old . Thirteen percent of patients had unilateral keratoconus , defined as unilateral corneal irregularity . More advanced disease -LRB- steeper average keratometric reading -RRB- was associated with a greater likelihood of Vogt 's striae , Fleischer 's ring , and/or corneal scarring . Fifty-eight percent of the eyes in this group of patients had > or = 20/40 visual acuity with manifest refraction . Penetrating keratoplasty was reported in 12.3 % of eyes . This prospective survey identifies the associates between the presence of Vogt 's striae , Fleischer 's ring , and/or corneal scarring and increasing steepness , as measured by keratometry . This study was designed to identify factors that predict longitudinal increases in corneal curvature as measured by the First Definite Apical Clearance Lens -LRB- FDACL -RRB- and flatter keratometric reading -LRB- Flat K -RRB- in keratoconus . The Collaborative Longitudinal Evaluation of Keratoconus -LRB- CLEK -RRB- Study is a long-te rm evaluation of the natural history of keratoconus involving 1209 patients . This report uses 8 years of follow-up data from 1032 patients who had penetrating keratoplasty in neither eye at baseline and who provided enough data to compute the slope of the change with time in the FDACL or the Flat K. Outcome measures included the aforementioned slopes and whether the FDACL or the Flat K increased by 3.00 or more diopters -LRB- D -RRB- in at least 1 eye . At CLEK Study entry , patients were aged 38.9 + / - 10.8 years . Overall , 44.3 % of them were women , and 69.3 % of them were white . The slope of the change in FDACL -LRB- 0.18 + / - 0.60 D/y -RRB- and Flat K -LRB- 0.20 + / - 0.80 D -RRB- during 8 years translates into expected 8-year increases of 1.44 D in FDACL and 1.60 D in Flat K. Increases of > or = 3.00 D in either eye had an 8-year incidence of 24.8 % for FDACL and 24.1 % for Flat K. Independent predictors of increased FDACL included younger age , poorer baseline high-contrast manifest refraction visual acuity , and non-white race . Younger age and poorer high-contrast manifest refraction visual acuity were independent predictors of a > 3.00-D increase for both FDACL and Flat K. CLEK patients exhibited a slow but clear increase in corneal curvature . Younger age and poorer high-contrast manifest refraction visual acuity at baseline predicted the rate of change in corneal curvature . To report baseline differences between eyes on key variables in the Collaborative Longitudinal Evaluation of Keratoconus -LRB- CLEK -RRB- Study cohort compared with a retrospectively assembled group of myopic contact lens wearers without ocular disease . A total of 1,079 keratoconus patients who had not undergone a penetrating keratoplasty in either eye before their baseline visit were enrolled and examined at baseline . Records from 330 contact lens-wearing myopes were reviewed . Corneal curvature -LRB- keratometry -RRB- , visual acuity , refractive error -LRB- manifest refraction -RRB- , and corneal scarring were measured . The mean differences between keratoconic eyes are as follows -LRB- better eye-worse eye for each variable , separately -RRB- . Flat keratometry : -3.59 + / -4.46 D and steep keratometry : -4.35 + / -4.41 D ; high-contrast best-corrected visual acuity : 7.30 + / -6.83 letters ; low-contrast best-corrected visual acuity : 8.53 + / -7.51 letters ; high-contrast entrance visual acuity : 9.03 + / -8.40 letters ; low-contrast entrance visual acuity : 9.43 + / -7.88 letters ; spherical equivalent refractive error : 3.15 + / -3.84 D ; and refractive cylinder power 1.55 + / -1.42 D. Twenty-one percent of the keratoconus patients had corneal scarring in only one eye . There is an association between patient-reported unilateral eye rubbing and greater asymmetry in corneal curvature , and between a history of unilateral eye trauma and greater asymmetry in corneal curvature and refractive error , with the rubbed/traumatized eye being the steeper eye most of the time . Keratoconus is asymmetric in the CLEK Study sample . To identify a population of keratoconus patients with unilateral disease based on clinical findings and slit-lamp biomicroscopy and examination with a nine-ring photokeratoscope -LRB- Corneascope -RRB- and to study the topography of the clinically normal fellow eye with videokeratography . Clinical charts and Polaroid Corneascope photographs of both eyes of 200 patients with a diagnosis of keratoconus from three large cornea referral practices in the Los Angeles area were retrospectively reviewed . Patients whose clinical findings were within normal limits and whose Corneascope Polaroid photographs had concentric rings with no detectable abnormalities , consistent with a diagnosis of keratoconus in one eye , were considered unilateral . These patients were recalled to our clinic , and the topography of the apparently normal eye was studied using a Corneascope and a computer-assisted videokeratoscope , the Topographic Modeling System , on the same day . Based on examination with a slit-lamp biomicroscope and the Corneascope , eight patients had unilateral disease . Videokeratography in seven of the eight fellow eyes displayed a pattern of inferior steepening suggesting `` early keratoconus . '' All seven eyes had a positive `` I - S value , '' a quantitative measure , indicating increased dioptric power below the corneal apex . Our findings suggest that keratoconus is almost always bilateral . These data support genetic influences in
A multicenter trial evaluated two or three weekly infusions of yttrium-90 -LRB- -LRB- 90 -RRB- Y -RRB- epratuzumab tetraxetan -LRB- humanized anti-CD22 antibody -RRB- in 64 patients with relapsed/refractory NHL , including 17 patients who underwent prior autologous stem-cell transplantation -LRB- ASCT -RRB- . Objective -LRB- OR -RRB- and complete responses -LRB- CR/complete response unconfirmed -LSB- CRu -RSB- -RRB- , as well as progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- , were determined . At the maximum total -LRB- 90 -RRB- Y dose of 45 mCi/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- 1,665 MBq/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- , grade 3 to 4 hematologic toxicities were reversible to grade 1 in patients with less than 25 % bone marrow involvement . Patients with prior ASCT received lower doses , but achieved an OR rate of 41 % -LRB- CR/CRu , 29 % -RRB- . For patients with follicular lymphoma -LRB- FL -RRB- , OR rates and median PFS increased with total -LRB- 90 -RRB- Y-dose , reaching 100 % -LRB- CR/CRu , 92 % -RRB- and 24.6 months , respectively , at the highest dose levels -LRB- > 30 mCi/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- total -LRB- 90 -RRB- Y-dose -LSB- 1,110 MBq/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RSB- -RRB- . Further , patients with FL refractory to prior anti-CD20-containing regimens achieved 90 % -LRB- nine of 10 patients -RRB- OR and CR/CRu rates and a median PFS of 21.5 months . Fractionated anti-CD22 radioimmunotherapy provides high total doses of -LRB- 90 -RRB- Y , yielding high rates of durable CR/CRus in relapsed/refractory NHL , resulting in 20 mCi/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- x 2 weeks as the recommended dose for future studies .
Preclinical studies indicate that the enzyme cyclooxygenase 2 plays an important role in ultraviolet-induced skin cancers . We evaluated the efficacy and safety of celecoxib , a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor , as a chemopreventive agent for actinic keratoses , the premalignant precursor of nonmelanoma skin cancers , and for nonmelanoma skin cancers , including cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas -LRB- SCCs -RRB- and basal cell carcinomas -LRB- BCCs -RRB- . A double-blind placebo-controlled randomized trial involving 240 subjects aged 37-87 years with 10-40 actinic keratoses was conducted at eight US academic medical centers . Patients were randomly assigned to receive 200 mg of celecoxib or placebo administered orally twice daily for 9 months . Subjects were evaluated at 3 , 6 , 9 -LRB- ie , completion of treatment -RRB- , and 11 months after randomization . The primary endpoint was the number of new actinic keratoses at the 9-month visit as a percentage of the number at the time of randomization . In an intent-to-treat analysis , the incidence of actinic keratoses was compared between the two groups using t tests . In exploratory analyses , we evaluated the number of nonmelanoma skin cancers combined and SCCs and BCCs separately per patient at 11 months after randomization using Poisson regression , after adjustment for patient characteristics and time on study . The numbers of adverse events in the two treatment arms were compared using χ -LRB- 2 -RRB- or Fisher exact tests . However , at 11 months after randomization , there were fewer nonmelanoma skin cancers in the celecoxib arm than in the placebo arm -LRB- mean cumulative tumor number per patient 0.14 vs 0.35 ; rate ratio -LSB- RR -RSB- = .43 , 95 % confidence interval -LSB- CI -RSB- = 0.24 to 0.75 ; P = .003 -RRB- . After adjusting for age , sex , Fitzpatrick skin type , history of actinic keratosis at randomization , nonmelanoma skin cancer history , and patient time on study , the number of nonmelanoma skin cancers was lower in the celecoxib arm than in the placebo arm -LRB- RR = 0.41 , 95 % CI = 0.23 to 0.72 , P = .002 -RRB- as were the numbers of BCCs -LRB- RR = 0.40 , 95 % CI = 0.18 to 0.93 , P = .032 -RRB- and SCCs -LRB- RR = 0.42 , 95 % CI = 0.19 to 0.93 , P = .032 -RRB- . Serious and cardiovascular adverse events were similar in the two groups . Celecoxib may be effective for prevention of SCCs and BCCs in individuals who have extensive actinic damage and are at high risk for development of nonmelanoma skin cancers .
To evaluate feasibility , safety , and outcome of patients treated with biodegradable biliary stents for benign biliary stenosis refractory to other treatments . Between March 2011 and September 2012 , ten patients -LRB- seven men , three women ; age 59 ± 7 years -RRB- with recurrent cholangitis due to postsurgical biliary stricture , previous multiple unsuccessful -LRB- two to five -RRB- bilioplasties , and unsuitability for surgical/endoscopic repair underwent percutaneous implantation of a biodegradable biliary stent . Patients were followed-up clinically and with ultrasound at 1 , 3 and 6 months , and then at 6-month intervals . Stent implantation was always feasible . No immediate major or minor complications occurred . In all patients , 48-h cholangiographic control demonstrated optimal stent positioning and stenosis resolution . In a median follow-up time of 16.5 months -LRB- 25th-75th percentiles = 11-20.25 months -RRB- no further invasive treatment was needed . Three patients experienced transient episodes of cholangitis . Neither re-stenosis nor dilatation of the biliary tree was documented during follow-up . No stent was visible at the 6-month follow-up . Percutaneous placement of biodegradable biliary stents represents a new option in treating benign biliary stenoses refractory to treatment with bilioplasty . This technique seems to be feasible , effective and free from major complications . Further investigations are warranted to confirm our preliminary results . A bile leak is a common complication after a cholecystectomy . The use of a novel , self-expanding , radiopaque polylactide-barium sulphate biodegradable stent and a polyethylene stent was investigated in 12 pigs with cystic-duct leakage . Prospective animal study . After cholecystectomy , the cystic duct was left without ligation , and then the foramen of Winslow was drained extra-abdominally . During the duodenoscopy , a biodegradable or a polyethylene biliary stent was inserted into the bile duct . The bile-drain output was measured daily , and when it was below 20 mL/d , the drain was removed . The animals were followed by repeated abdominal radiographs and serum determinations until they were euthanized at 6 months , when histologic evaluation of the bile duct and surrounding tissues was performed . In the abdominal radiograph , a biodegradable or polyethylene stent was seen to be in place in all animals at 3 months and in 0 of 6 -LRB- biodegradable biliary stent group -RRB- and 1 of 5 -LRB- polyethylene biliary stent group -RRB- animals at 6 months . One polyethylene stent was found to be clotted at the necropsy at 6 months . This novel biodegradable stent is applicable , safe , and effective in the endoscopic treatment of postcholecystectomy cystic-duct leakage . In addition , the subsequent removal of the stent can be avoided . These encouraging experimental results warrant further clinical trials . Treatment or prevention of a benign biliary tree stricture is an unresolved problem . A novel self-expandable biodegradable polydioxanon biliary stent in a porcine model was studied . This new stent was used in 23 pigs . Feasibility and safety of surgical stenting , time of biodegradation , and histologic reaction in 2 , 8 , 13 , and 20 wk of a follow-up were studied . All stents were inserted into a common bile duct through a duodenal papilla following small dilatation . After surgical evaluation of abdominal cavities , the pigs were sacrificed to remove common bile ducts with the stents . All bile ducts were assessed by macroscopic and histopathologic examination . Self-expansion was correct in all cases . Neither bile duct obstruction nor postsurgical complications were observed . Macroscopic evaluation indicated lightening of the stent color in 2 wk , a partial disintegration in 8 wk , and a complete absorption in 13 and 20 wk . Histologic evaluation in general substantiated a mild-to-moderate inflammatory reaction in the lamina propria during the whole follow up and had no clinical consequences . No cholangitis , necrosis , abscess , or excessive fibroplasia was found in a hepatoduodenal ligament . Our results suggest that polydioxanon biodegradable self-expanding stents seem to be useful for biliary system implantation , offer a good biocompatibility , and completely degrade within 13 wk . Biodegradable stents -LRB- BDSs -RRB- are an attractive option to avoid ongoing dilation or surgery in patients with benign stenoses of the small and large intestines . The experience with the currently the only BDS for endoscopic placement , made of Poly-dioxanone , have shown promising results . However some aspects should be improved as are the fact that BDSs lose their radial force over time due to the degradable material , and that can cause stent-induced mucosal or parenchymal injury . This complication rate and modest clinical efficacy has to be carefully considered in individual patients prior to placement of BDSs . Otherwise , the price of these stents therefore it is nowadays an important limitation .
This paper reviews the literature relating to the biofeedback used in physical rehabilitation . The biofeedback methods used in rehabilitation are based on biomechanical measurements and measurements of the physiological systems of the body . The physiological systems of the body which can be measured to provide biofeedback are the neuromuscular system , the respiratory system and the cardiovascular system . Neuromuscular biofeedback methods include electromyography -LRB- EMG -RRB- biofeedback and real-time ultrasound imaging -LRB- RTUS -RRB- biofeedback . EMG biofeedback is the most widely investigated method of biofeedback and appears to be effective in the treatment of many musculoskeletal conditions and in post cardiovascular accident -LRB- CVA -RRB- rehabilitation . RTUS biofeedback has been demonstrated effective in the treatment of low back pain -LRB- LBP -RRB- and pelvic floor muscle dysfunction . Cardiovascular biofeedback methods have been shown to be effective in the treatment of a number of health conditions such as hypertension , heart failure , asthma , fibromyalgia and even psychological disorders however a systematic review in this field has yet to be conducted . Measurements of movement , postural control and force output can be made using a number of different devices and used to deliver biomechanical biofeedback . Inertial based sensing biofeedback is the most widely researched biomechanical biofeedback method , with a number of studies showing it to be effective in improving measures of balance in a number of populations . Other types of biomechanical biofeedback include force plate systems , electrogoniometry , pressure biofeedback and camera based systems however the evidence for these is limited . Biofeedback is generally delivered using visual displays , acoustic or haptic signals , however more recently virtual reality -LRB- VR -RRB- or exergaming technology have been used as biofeedback signals . VR and exergaming technology have been primarily investigated in post-CVA rehabilitation , however , more recent work has shown this type of biofeedback to be effective in improving exercise technique in musculoskeletal populations . While a number of studies in this area have been conducted , further large scale studies and reviews investigating different biofeedback applications in different clinical populations are required . Movement is changed in pain and is the target of clinical interventions . Yet the understanding of the physiological basis for movement adaptation in pain remains limited . Contemporary theories are relatively simplistic and fall short of providing an explanation for the variety of permutations of changes in movement control identified in clinical and experimental contexts . The link between current theories and rehabilitation is weak at best . This paper describes an expanded theory of the motor adaptation to pain to address these two issues . The new theory , based on clinical and experimental data argues that : activity is redistributed within and between muscles rather than stereotypical inhibition or excitation of muscles ; modifies the mechanical behaviour in a variable manner with the objective to `` protect '' the tissues from further pain or injury , or threatened pain or injury ; involves changes at multiple levels of the motor system that may be complementary , additive or competitive ; and has short-term benefit , but with potential long-term consequences due to factors such as increased load , decreased movement , and decreased variability . This article reviews available techniques for spinal muscle investigation , as well as data on spinal muscles in healthy individuals and in patients with low back pain . In patients with chronic low back pain , medical imaging studies show paraspinal muscle wasting with reductions in cross-sectional surface area and fiber density . In healthy individuals , the paraspinal muscles contain a high proportion of slow-twitch fibers -LRB- Type I -RRB- , reflecting their role in maintaining posture . The proportion of Type I fibers is higher in females , leading to better adaptation to aerobic exertion compared to males . Abnormalities seen in paraspinal muscles from patients with chronic low back pain include marked Type II fiber atrophy , conversion of Type I to Type II fibers , and an increased number of nonspecific abnormalities . Limited data are available from magnetic resonance spectroscopy used to investigate muscle metabolism and from near infrared spectroscopy used to measure oxygen uptake by the paraspinal muscles . Surface electromyography in patients with chronic low back pain shows increased paraspinal muscle fatigability , often with abolition of the flexion-relaxation phenomenon .
The American Association of Poison Control Centers -LRB- AAPCC ; http://www.aapcc.org -RRB- maintains the National Poison Data System -LRB- NPDS -RRB- . Today , 60 of the nation 's 61 US poison centers upload case data automatically . Most upload every 1 - 60 minutes -LRB- median 11 minutes -RRB- to NPDS creating a real-time national exposure database and surveillance system . We analyzed the case data tabulating specific indices from NPDS . The methodology was similar to that of previous years . Where changes were introduced , the differences are identified . Fatalities were reviewed by a team of 27 medical and clinical toxicologists and assigned to 1 of 6 categories according to Relative Contribution to Fatality -LRB- RCF -RRB- . Over 4 million calls were captured by NPDS in 2006 : 2,403,539 human exposure calls , 1,488,993 information requests , and 128,353 nonhuman exposure calls Substances involved most frequently in all human exposures were analgesics . The most common exposures in children less than age 6 were cosmetics/personal care products . NPDS documented 1,229 human fatalities . NPDS represents a valuable national resource to collect and monitor US poisoning exposure cases . It offers one of the few real-time surveillance systems in existence , provides useful data and is a model for public health surveillance . We describe the outcomes of 2540 patients with acetaminophen ingestions treated with a loading dose of 140 mg of oral N-acetylcysteine per kilogram of body weight , followed four hours later by 70 mg per kilogram given every four hours for an additional 17 doses . Patients were categorized for analysis on the basis of initial plasma acetaminophen concentrations and the interval between ingestion and treatment . Hepatotoxicity developed in 6.1 percent of patients at probable risk when N-acetylcysteine was started within 10 hours of acetaminophen ingestion and in 26.4 percent of such patients when therapy was begun 10 to 24 hours after ingestion . Among patients at high risk who were treated 16 to 24 hours after an acetaminophen overdose , hepatotoxicity developed in 41 percent -- a rate lower than that among historical controls . When given within eight hours of acetaminophen ingestion , N-acetylcysteine was protective regardless of the initial plasma acetaminophen concentration . There was no difference in outcome whether N-acetylcysteine was started zero to four or four to eight hours after ingestion , but efficacy decreased with further delay . There were 11 deaths among the 2540 patients -LRB- 0.43 percent -RRB- ; in the nine fatal cases in which aminotransferase was measured before treatment , values were elevated before N-acetylcysteine was started . No deaths were clearly caused by acetaminophen among patients in whom N-acetylcysteine therapy was begun within 16 hours . We conclude that N-acetylcysteine treatment should be started within eight hours of an acetaminophen overdose , but that treatment is still indicated at least as late as 24 hours after ingestion . On the basis of available data , the 72-hour regimen of oral N-acetylcysteine is as effective as the 20-hour intravenous regimen described previously , and it may be superior when treatment is delayed .
Atherosclerosis is classed as a disease of aging , such that increasing age is an independent risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis . Atherosclerosis is also associated with premature biological aging , as atherosclerotic plaques show evidence of cellular senescence characterized by reduced cell proliferation , irreversible growth arrest and apoptosis , elevated DNA damage , epigenetic modifications , and telomere shortening and dysfunction . Not only is cellular senescence associated with atherosclerosis , there is growing evidence that cellular senescence promotes atherosclerosis . This review examines the pathology of normal vascular aging , the evidence for cellular senescence in atherosclerosis , the mechanisms underlying cellular senescence including reactive oxygen species , replication exhaustion and DNA damage , the functional consequences of vascular cell senescence , and the possibility that preventing accelerated cellular senescence is a therapeutic target in atherosclerosis . The vascular endothelium is a dynamic endocrine organ that regulates vascular tone , local homeostasis , and the fibro-inflammatory-proliferative process . These responses are mediated by various substances released from the endothelium in response to physiologic stimuli , including prostacyclin , endothelin and , most importantly , nitric oxide -LRB- NO -RRB- . NO mediates vasodilation and inhibits platelet aggregation , thrombus formation , expression of adhesion molecules and chemokines for leukocytes , and oxidative stress . It also attenuates growth and proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells . Risk factors for atherosclerosis , such as hypercholesterolemia , hypertension , diabetes and cigarette smoking , impair endothelial function , which leads to atherosclerosis and results in ischemic manifestations such as acute coronary syndrome and stroke . Thus , therapeutic intervention aimed at increasing NO bioavailability by statins or angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors might improve patient prognosis . Vascular endothelial function is an important and clinically relevant therapeutic target for cardiovascular disease . In recent years , it has become increasingly clear that arterial inflammation represents a key feature determining the course of atherogenesis . The consecutive stages in the evolution of atherosclerotic lesions are respectively , plaque buildup and growth , and destabilization , predisposing to plaque rupture and intravascular thrombosis . This chain of events leading from lesion formation to clinical events has been carefully elucidated during the last three decades . C-reactive protein -LRB- CRP -RRB- has been directly implicated in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis . In the present review , we will focus on a potentially causal role of CRP during the various stages of atherogenesis . Under resting conditions the arterial vasculature exists in a vasoconstricted state referred to as vascular tone . Endothelial dysfunction in vascular smooth muscle cells thus results in loss of normal vasorelaxant function and the inability of arteries to appropriately dilate in response to increased blood flow in either a systemic or regional vascular bed , resulting in increased blood pressure , a sequence that may represent a common pathway to hypertension . Normal vasorelaxation is mediated by a number of endothelial systems including nitric oxide -LRB- NO -RRB- , prostaglandins -LRB- PGI2 and PGE2 -RRB- , and a family of endothelial-derived hyperpolarizing factors -LRB- EDHF -RRB- . In response to hemodynamic shear stress , endothelium continuously releases NO , EDHF , and PGI2 to provide vasodilatation . EDHF , not a single molecule but rather a group of molecules that includes epoxyeicosatrienoic acids , hydrogen peroxide , carbon monoxide , hydrogen sulfide , C-natriuretic peptide , and K + itself , causes vasodilatation by activation of vascular smooth muscle cell K + channels , resulting in hyperpolarization and thus vasorelaxation . The understanding and effective management of blood pressure requires an understanding of both physiologic and pathophysiologic regulation of vascular tone . This review describes molecular mechanisms underlying normal endothelial regulation and pathological states , such as increased oxidative stress , which cause loss of vasorelaxation . Possible pharmacological interventions to restore normal function are suggested . Studies in population genetics suggest an important relationship between the eNOS G894T polymorphism and occurrence of acute myocardial infarction -LRB- AMI -RRB- , with little known on its influence on the post-AMI period . To investigate the association of allelic variants produced by the G894T transversion in eNOS -LRB- rs1799983 -RRB- with post-AMI variables . Cross-sectional analyses of anthropometric , clinical and laboratory assessments obtained within the first 24h and after 5 and 30 days of the AMI event across T carriers and G homozygotes of eNOS in 371 consecutive cases of AMI with ST-segment elevation admitted to a Brazilian emergency service in cardiology . Genotypes were determined by polymerase chain reaction followed by enzymatic restriction . Despite no difference between genotypic groups on aspects as Killip-Kimbal classification scores , extension of infarcted mass , lipid profile or pattern of medication use , an increase in serum nitric oxide from admission to day 5 was higher for T carriers -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . Thirty days post-AMI , peripheral blood flow reserve was larger among T carriers either by flow - -LRB- p = 0.037 -RRB- and nitrate-mediated -LRB- p = 0.040 -RRB- dilation testing . Our results suggest an association of the eNOS 894T allele with an apparent improvement in late arterial function in post-AMI patients . Endothelial nitric oxide -LRB- NO -RRB- synthase is a unique NO synthase isoform that is expressed constitutively by vascular endothelium both in vivo and in vitro and is believed essential to local vascular homeostasis . This calcium/calmodulin-dependent isoform is distinct from neuronal NO synthase . Genomic clones encoding the human endothelial NO synthase were isolated and the structural organization of the gene was determined . The gene contains 26 exons spanning approximately 21 kilobases of genomic DNA , encodes a messenger RNA of 4052 nucleotides , and is present as a single copy in the haploid human genome . Characterization of 5 ' - flanking genomic regions indicates that the endothelial NO synthase promoter is `` TATA-less '' and exhibits proximal promoter elements consistent with a constitutively expressed gene that is found in
An effective therapeutic vaccine that could augment immune control of HIV-1 replication may abrogate or delay the need for antiretroviral therapy . AIDS Clinical Trials Group -LRB- ACTG -RRB- A5187 was a phase I/II , randomized , placebo-controlled , double-blinded trial to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of an HIV-1 DNA vaccine -LRB- VRC-HVDNA 009-00-VP -RRB- in subjects treated with antiretroviral therapy during acute/early HIV-1 infection . -LRB- clinicaltrials.gov NCT00125099 -RRB- Twenty healthy HIV-1 infected subjects who were treated with antiretroviral therapy during acute/early HIV-1 infection and had HIV-1 RNA < 50 copies/mL were randomized to receive either vaccine or placebo . The objectives of this study were to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of the vaccine . Following vaccination , subjects interrupted antiretroviral treatment , and set-point HIV-1 viral loads and CD4 T cell counts were determined 17-23 weeks after treatment discontinuation . Twenty subjects received all scheduled vaccinations and discontinued antiretroviral therapy at week 30 . No subject met a primary safety endpoint . No evidence of differences in immunogenicity were detected in subjects receiving vaccine versus placebo . The HIV-1 DNA vaccine -LRB- VRC-HIVDNA 009-00-VP -RRB- was safe but poorly immunogenic in subjects treated with antiretroviral therapy during acute/early HIV-1 infection . Viral set-points were similar between vaccine and placebo recipients following treatment interruption . However , median viral load set-points in both groups were lower than in historical controls , suggesting a possible role for antiretroviral therapy in persons with acute or early HIV-1 infection and supporting the safety of discontinuing treatment in this group . Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00125099 . Recombinant DNA and modified vaccinia virus Ankara -LRB- rMVA -RRB- vaccines represent a promising approach to an HIV/AIDS vaccine . This Phase 1 clinical trial compared the safety and immunogenicity of a rMVA vaccine administered with and without DNA vaccine priming GeoVax pGA2/JS7 DNA -LRB- D -RRB- and MVA/HIV62 -LRB- M -RRB- vaccines encode noninfectious virus-like particles . Intramuscular needle injections were used to deliver placebo , 2 doses of DNA followed by 2 doses of rMVA -LRB- DDMM -RRB- , one dose of DNA followed by 2 doses of rMVA -LRB- DMM -RRB- , or 3 doses of rMVA -LRB- MMM -RRB- to HIV-seronegative participants . Local and systemic symptoms were mild or moderate . Immune response rates for CD4 + and CD8 + T cells were highest in the DDMM group and lowest in the MMM group -LRB- 77 % vs 43 % CD4 + and 42 % vs 17 % CD8 + -RRB- . In contrast , response rates for Env binding and neutralizing Ab were highest in the MMM group . The DMM group had intermediate response rates . A 1/10th-dose DDMM regimen induced similar T cell but reduced Ab response rates compared with the full-dose DDMM . MVA62 was well tolerated and elicited different patterns of T cell and Ab responses when administered alone or in combination with the JS7 DNA vaccine .
Numerous ablative modalities have demonstrated varying degrees of efficacy in the eradication of Barrett 's esophagus -LRB- BE -RRB- . However , they are associated with either high cost , patient discomfort , complications , tedious application , residual underlying BE , or some combination of the above . The aim of this study was to evaluate the safety and the efficacy of a new cryogenic device by using liquid nitrogen sprayed through an open tipped cryogenic catheter placed through the accessory channel of an upper endoscope . A prospective , single center study was performed on patients with a long-standing history of BE followed in a Barrett 's registry . Patients with degrees of dysplasia ranging from none to multifocal high-grade dysplasia were treated . All patients were treated with 40 mg rabeprazole 3 times per day during the treatment period . Elimination of acid reflux was confirmed via 24-hour esophageal pH studies . Cryoablation was applied hemicircumferentially to 4-cm-long segments at monthly intervals , until the entire segment of BE was eliminated . Eleven patients were treated . There was reversal of BE in all patients . In 9 of 11 -LRB- 78 % -RRB- patients who completed the protocol , there was complete endoscopic and histologic reversal of BE . There was no subsquamous specialized intestinal metaplasia at the 6-month follow-up . No complications occurred . Based on preliminary results , low-pressure spray cryoablation of BE under direct endoscopic visualization is safe and easy to perform . Its relative lack of patient discomfort and its simplicity and demonstrated efficacy make it a modality that should be further explored in the ablation of GI mucosal lesions such as BE and perhaps early esophageal cancer . A simple and safe method for controlled ablation of esophageal mucosa is not currently available . Therefore , an endoscopic cryotherapy device was developed and its efficacy and safety were assessed in a swine model . The device consists of a cryogenic system that delivers cold nitrogen gas via a catheter introduced into the esophagus through the accessory channel of an upper GI endoscope . Esophagoscopy was performed in 20 swine under conscious sedation , and cold nitrogen gas was sprayed on the distal 2 to 3 cm of the esophagus under direct visualization . Freezing of the esophageal mucosa was evidenced by the appearance of a white `` cryoburn '' with sharply demarcated margins . Hemicircumferential to circumferential freezing of the distal esophagus was achieved in 20 swine by varying the duration of cryoburn from 10 to 60 seconds . Mucosal ablation was noted 2 to 7 days after treatment in 95 % of the swine . Complications included 3 esophageal strictures and 1 aspiration pneumonia . Cryotherapy performed by spraying liquid nitrogen at upper GI endoscopy is a simple technique capable of inducing controlled superficial mucosal necrosis with complete healing in the esophagus . This method warrants further evaluation as a treatment for esophageal lesions including Barrett 's esophagus . In view of the mortality and morbidity rates of esophagectomy and the relatively large group of inoperable patients , local therapeutic techniques are required for high-grade dysplasia and early Barrett 's cancer . A prospective investigation of endoscopic mucosal resection was conducted in 64 patients -LRB- mean age , 65 + / - 10 years -RRB- who had early carcinoma -LRB- 61 patients -RRB- or high-grade dysplasia -LRB- 3 patients -RRB- in Barrett 's esophagus . Thirty-five patients met the criteria for low risk : macroscopic types I , IIa , IIb , and IIc ; lesion diameter up to 20 mm ; mucosal lesion ; and histological grades G1 and G2 and/or high-grade dysplasia -LRB- group A -RRB- . The remaining 29 patients were included in group B -LRB- high risk -RRB- . A total of 120 resections were performed , with no technical problems encountered . The mean number of treatment sessions per patient was 1 . 3 + / - 0.6 in group A and 2.8 + / - 2.0 in group B -LRB- P < 0.0005 -RRB- . Only one major complication occurred , a case of spurting bleeding , which was managed endoscopically . Complete local remission was achieved significantly earlier -LRB- P = 0.008 -RRB- in group A than in group B . In May 1999 , complete remission had been achieved in 97 % of the patients in group A and in 59 % of those in group B ; however , 1 patient in group A and 9 in group B are still undergoing treatment or awaiting the first check-up . Endoscopic mucosal resection of early carcinoma in Barrett 's esophagus is associated with promisingly low morbidity and mortality rates . Comparisons with surgical results will need to be done when the long-term results of this procedure become available . Several reports suggest that duodenogastroesophageal reflux may produce esophagitis , Barrett 's esophagus , and esophageal adenocarcinoma . The purpose of this study was to understand better the relationship of pH -LRB- < 4 and > 7 -RRB- , duodenogastroesophageal reflux , and fasting bile acid concentrations in producing esophageal damage . Using a spectrophotometric technique to measure bile reflux , four groups were studied : healthy subjects , reflux patients , patients with Barrett 's esophagus , and patients with esophageal symptoms after partial gastrectomy . Simultaneous 24-hour pH and bile monitoring of distal esophagus found close association between total percent of time pH < 4 and duodenogastroesophageal reflux -LRB- r = 0.78 ; P < 0.001 -RRB- but a poor relationship -LRB- r = -0.06 -RRB- with total percent of time pH > 7 , suggesting that the term alkaline reflux is a misnomer . Duodenogastroesophageal reflux increased significantly with the severity of reflux disease , being greatest in patients with Barrett 's esophagus and comparable with that in patients with partial gastrectomy . Fasting bile acid concentrations did not distinguish patients with Barrett 's esophagus from those with reflux .
Urinary and faecal incontinence affects a significant portion of the elderly population . The increase in the incidence of incontinence is not only dependent on age but also on the onset of concomitant ageing issues such as infection , polypharmacy , and decreased cognitive function . If incontinence is left untreated , a host of dermatological complications can occur , including incontinence dermatitis , dermatological infections , intertrigo , vulvar folliculitis , and pruritus ani . The presence of chronic incontinence can produce a vicious cycle of skin damage and inflammation because of the loss of cutaneous integrity . Minimizing skin damage caused by incontinence is dependent on successful control of excess hydration , maintenance of proper pH , minimization of interaction between urine and faeces , and prevention of secondary infection . Even though incontinence is common in the aged , it is not an inevitable consequence of ageing but a disorder that can and should be treated . Appropriate clinical management of incontinence can help seniors continue to lead vital active lives as well as avoid the cutaneous sequelae of incontinence . To determine aetiological factors in vulvar dermatitis . Other factors implicated are iron deficiency and exogenous causes such as contact irritants and allergens . During a 1-year period , 38 patients with an initial clinical diagnosis of vulvar dermatitis were questioned , examined and investigated with full blood count , serum ferritin , bacterial swab where indicated and punch biopsy . After three patients had been excluded with other diagnoses , prick testing and patch testing were carried out . Of the 35 patients with vulvar dermatitis , 34 -LRB- 97 % -RRB- had either an atopic background and/or seborrhoeic dermatitis . Iron deficiency occurred in seven patients -LRB- 20 % -RRB- and relevant positive patch tests in nine patients -LRB- 26 % -RRB- . Twenty patients had biopsies and all had confirmatory histology . This study suggests that the main aetiological factor in vulvar dermatitis is an endogenous predisposition . Iron deficiency may also contribute , while contact with irritants and allergens may explain the localization and frequently complicates and exacerbates the picture .
Spontaneous breathing trials -LRB- SBTs -RRB- are among the most commonly employed techniques to facilitate weaning from mechanical ventilation . The preferred SBT technique , however , is still unclear . To clarify the preferable SBT -LRB- T-piece or pressure support ventilation -LSB- PSV -RSB- -RRB- , we conducted this systematic review . We then searched the MEDLINE , EMBASE , SciELO , Google Scholar , CINAHL , ClinicalTrials.gov , and Cochrane CENTRAL databases through June 2015 , without language restrictions . We included randomized controlled trials involving adult subjects being weaned from mechanical ventilation comparing T-piece with PSV and reporting -LRB- 1 -RRB- weaning failure , -LRB- 2 -RRB- re-intubation rate , -LRB- 3 -RRB- ICU mortality , or -LRB- 4 -RRB- weaning duration . Anticipating clinical heterogeneity among the included studies , we compared prespecified subgroups : -LRB- 1 -RRB- simple , difficult , or prolonged weaning and -LRB- 2 -RRB- subjects with COPD . We summarized the quality of evidence for intervention effects using the GRADE -LRB- Grading of Recommendations Assessment , Development , and Evaluation -RRB- methodology . We identified 3,674 potentially relevant studies and reviewed 23 papers in full . Twelve studies -LRB- 2,161 subjects -RRB- met our inclusion criteria . Overall , the evidence was of very low to low quality . SBT technique did not influence weaning success -LRB- risk ratio 1.23 -LSB- 0.94-1.61 -RSB- -RRB- , ICU mortality -LRB- risk ratio 1.11 -LSB- 0.80-1.54 -RSB- -RRB- , or re-intubation rate -LRB- risk ratio 1.21 -LSB- 0.90-1.63 -RSB- -RRB- . Prespecified subgroup analysis suggested that PSV might be superior to T-piece with regard to weaning success for simple-to-wean subjects -LRB- risk ratio 1.44 -LSB- 1.11-1.86 -RSB- -RRB- . For the prolonged-weaning subgroup , however , T-piece was associated with a shorter weaning duration -LRB- weighted mean difference -3.08 -LSB- -5.24 to -0.92 -RSB- d -RRB- . In conclusion , low-quality evidence is available concerning this topic . PSV may be associated with lower weaning failure rates in the simple-to-wean subgroup . In contrast , in prolonged-weaning subjects , T-piece may be related to a shorter weaning duration , although this is at high risk of bias . Further study of the difficult-to-wean and COPD subgroups is required . High-flow-oxygen-therapy is provided by various techniques and patient interfaces , resulting in various inspired-fraction of oxygen -LRB- FiO2 -RRB- and airway-pressure levels . However , tracheal measurements have never been performed . Three oxygen-delivery-devices were evaluated : 1 -RRB- standard-high-flow-oxygen-facemask with reservoir-bag , 2 -RRB- Optiflow -LRB- TM -RRB- - high-flow-nasal-cannulae and 3 -RRB- Boussignac -LRB- TM -RRB- - oxygen-therapy-system . Main judgment criteria were airway-pressure and FiO2 measured in the trachea . The three devices were randomly evaluated in cross-over in 10 Intensive-Care-Unit patients using three oxygen flow-rates -LRB- 15 , 30 and 45 L/min -RRB- and two airway-tightness conditions -LRB- open and closed mouth -RRB- . Airway-pressures and FiO2 were measured by a tracheal-catheter inserted through the hole of a tracheotomy tube . Comfort was evaluated by self-reporting . Data are presented as median -LSB- 25-75th -RSB- . 1 -RRB- Regarding oxygen-delivery devices , BoussignacTM provided the highest mean tracheal pressure -LRB- 13.9 -LSB- 10.4-14.5 -RSB- cmH20 -RRB- compared to Optiflow -LRB- TM -RRB- -LRB- 2 -LSB- 1-2.3 -RSB- cmH2O , P < 0.001 -RRB- . BoussignacTM provided both positive inspiratory and expiratory airway-pressures , whereas Optiflow -LRB- TM -RRB- provided only positive expiratory airway-pressure . Reservoir-bag-facemask provided airway pressure close to zero . For FiO2 , highest value was obtained for both Optiflow -LRB- TM -RRB- and facemask -LRB- 90 % -RRB- compared to Boussignac -LRB- TM -RRB- -LRB- 80 % -RRB- , P < 0.01 . 2 -RRB- Regarding oxygen-flow , airway-pressure and FiO2 systematically increased with oxygen-flow with the three devices except airway-pressure for the facemask . 3 -RRB- Regarding the open-mouth position , mean airway-pressure decreased with Optiflow -LRB- TM -RRB- only -LRB- 2 -LSB- 1.2-3.3 -RSB- vs. 0.6 -LSB- 0.3-1 -RSB- cmH2O , P < 0.001 -RRB- . Opening the mouth had little impact on FiO2 . 4 -RRB- finally , discomfort-intensities were low for both Optiflow -LRB- TM -RRB- and reservoir-bag-facemask compared to Boussignac -LRB- TM -RRB- , P < 0.01 . On one hand , Boussignac -LRB- TM -RRB- is the only device that generates a relevant positive-airway-pressure during both inspiration-and-expiration , independently of mouth-position . Optiflow -LRB- TM -RRB- provides a low positive-airway-pressure -LRB- < 4 cmH2O -RRB- , highly dependent of mouth-closing . The reservoir-bag-facemask provides no positive-airway-pressure . On the other hand , FiO2 are slightly but significantly higher for Optiflow -LRB- TM -RRB- and reservoir-bag-facemask than for Boussignac -LRB- TM -RRB- . Discomfort was lesser for Optiflow -LRB- TM -RRB- and reservoir-bag-facemask . Traditionally , nasal oxygen therapy has been delivered at low flows through nasal cannulae . In recent years , nasal cannulae designed to administer heated and humidified air/oxygen mixtures at high flows -LRB- up to 60 L/min -RRB- have been gaining popularity . These high-flow nasal cannula -LRB- HFNC -RRB- systems enhance patient comfort and tolerance compared with traditional high-flow oxygenation systems , such as nasal masks and nonrebreathing systems . By delivering higher flow rates , HFNC systems are less apt than traditional oxygenation systems to permit entrainment of room air during patient inspiration . Combined with the flushing of expired air from the upper airway during expiration , these mechanisms assure more reliable delivery of high Fio2 levels . The flushing of upper airway dead space also improves ventilatory efficiency and reduces the work of breathing . HFNC also generates a positive end-expiratory pressure -LRB- PEEP -RRB- , which may counterbalance auto-PEEP , further reducing ventilator work ; improve oxygenation ; and provide back pressure to enhance airway patency during expiration , permitting more complete emptying . HFNC has been tried for multiple indications , including secretion retention , hypoxemic respiratory failure , and cardiogenic pulmonary edema , to counterbalance auto-PEEP in patients with COPD and as
Over the past 5 years , three large-scale placebo-controlled trials enrolling a total of 5500 medically ill patients have highlighted the risk of VTE in this group . The study was conducted in two phases . Based on admission characteristics , patients were stratified into high-risk or low-risk groups for the development of VTE . During the pre-intervention phase , 75 % of patients admitted to the medical service were characterized as increased risk for VTE , yet only 43 % of these high-risk patients received prophylaxis of any sort . After interventions designed to increase awareness of VTE , we conducted a second review period . In this post-intervention phase , where 79 % of patients were at risk for VTE , prophylaxis rates improved to 72 % . Based on these results , we conclude that the majority of patients admitted to the medical service at our tertiary care center constitute a high-risk population that warrants consideration for VTE prophylaxis .
Most supraglottic devices do not allow secondary tracheal intubation through the device . The novel intubating laryngeal tube -LRB- iLTS-D -RRB- and the intubating laryngeal mask -LRB- Fastrach -RRB- are devices that offer supraglottic ventilation and secondary tracheal intubation . We evaluated the novel iLTS-D and compared it to the established Fastrach using a manikin-based study . Participants used both devices in a randomised order . The participants conducted four consecutive trials on a manikin . One trial was composed of the following procedures . First , participants ventilated the manikin using either iLTS-D or Fastrach . ` Time to ventilation ' , success rates and number of attempts were recorded for the supraglottic device . Second , participants intubated the manikin through the previously inserted supraglottic device . ` Time to tracheal ventilation ' , success rate and tube localisation were recorded . The primary endpoint was the results of the final fourth trial , which mirrored the standardised training of trials 1 , 2 and 3 . All of the participants successfully inserted both devices on their first attempt in trial 4 . All participants successfully intubated through both devices in trial 4 . There was no difference in ` time to tracheal ventilation ' by tracheal intubation between either device -LRB- median ` time to tracheal ventilation ' : Fastrach : 14.0 s. , iLTS-D : 14.0 s. , p = 0.16 -RRB- . The iLTS-D performed similarly to the ILMA in insertion and intubation times in a manikin setting .
L-Arginine is an important precursor of nitric oxide -LRB- NO -RRB- and protein synthesis . Arginine is produced in the body -LRB- mainly kidney -RRB- by de novo production from citrulline and by protein breakdown . Arginine availability appears to be limited in sepsis . The objective was to compare arginine and citrulline metabolism in septic patients and nonseptic control patients in an intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- and in healthy control subjects . Ten patients with septic shock , 7 critically ill control patients , and 16 healthy elderly subjects were studied . Metabolism was measured by using a primed continuous -LRB- 2 h -RRB- stable-isotope infusion protocol . NO production was calculated as the conversion rate of arginine to citrulline ; de novo arginine production was calculated as the conversion rate of citrulline to arginine . Arterial blood -LRB- arterialized venous blood in healthy subjects -RRB- was collected for the measurement of amino acid enrichment and concentrations . Data are reported as means + / - SDs . Whole-body citrulline production was significantly lower in septic patients -LRB- 4.5 + / - 2.1 micromol . kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- . h -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- than in ICU control patients -LRB- 10.1 + / - 2.9 micromol . kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- . h -LRB- -1 -RRB- ; P < 0.01 -RRB- and in healthy control subjects -LRB- 13.7 + / - 4.1 micromol . kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- . h -LRB- -1 -RRB- ; P < 0.001 -RRB- . Accordingly , de novo arginine production was lower in patients with sepsis -LRB- 3.3 + / - 3.7 micromol . kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- . h -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- than in healthy controls -LRB- 11.9 + / - 6.6 micromol . kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- . kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- . h -LRB- -1 -RRB- ; P = 0.05 -RRB- . Citrulline production is severely low in patients with sepsis and is related to diminished de novo arginine and NO production . These metabolic alterations contribute to reduced citrulline and arginine availability , and these findings warrant further studies of therapeutic nutritional interventions to restore arginine metabolism in sepsis . Sepsis is accompanied by an increased need for and a decreased supply of arginine , reflecting a condition of arginine deficiency . The objective was to evaluate the effects of l-arginine pretreatment on arginine-nitric oxide -LRB- NO -RRB- production and hepatosplanchnic perfusion during subsequent endotoxemia . In a randomized controlled trial , pigs -LRB- 20-25 kg -RRB- received 3 μg . kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- . min -LRB- -1 -RRB- lipopolysaccharide -LRB- LPS ; 5 endotoxin units/ng -RRB- intravenously and saline resuscitation . l-Arginine -LRB- n = 8 ; 5.3 μmol . kg -LRB- -1 -RRB- . min -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- or saline -LRB- n = 8 -RRB- was infused starting 12 h before LPS infusion and continued for 24 h after the endotoxin infusion ended . Whole-body appearance rates , portal-drained viscera -LRB- PDV -RRB- , and liver fluxes of arginine , citrulline , NO , and arginine de novo synthesis were measured by using stable-isotope infusion of -LSB- -LRB- 15 -RRB- N -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RSB- arginine and -LSB- -LRB- 13 -RRB- C - -LRB- 2 -RRB- H -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RSB- citrulline . Hepatosplanchnic perfusion was assessed by using a primed continuous infusion of para-aminohippuric acid and jejunal intramucosal partial pressure of carbon dioxide and was related to systemic hemodynamics . Arginine supplementation before LPS increased whole-body NO production in the PDV but not in the liver . Furthermore , it increased blood flow in the portal vein but not in the aorta and hepatic artery . During endotoxin infusion , arginine pretreatment was associated with an increased whole-body arginine appearance and NO production in the gut . Additional effects included a preserved mean arterial pressure , the prevention of an increase in pulmonary arterial pressure , an attenuated metabolic acidosis , and an attenuated increase in the intramucosal partial pressure of carbon dioxide . Arginine treatment starting before endotoxemia appears to be beneficial because it improves hepatosplanchnic perfusion and oxygenation during prolonged endotoxemia , probably through an enhancement in NO synthesis , without causing deleterious systemic side effects .
The effect of menopause and hormone replacement therapy on hepatic and intestinal wall CYP3A activity is poorly defined . This study was therefore designed to determine the effect of menopause and estrogen replacement therapy on hepatic and intestinal CYP3A activity with a specific CYP3A substrate , midazolam . Twelve young women -LRB- 27 + / - 5 years -RRB- , 10 elderly women receiving estrogen replacement therapy -LRB- 71 + / - 6 years -RRB- , and 14 elderly women not receiving estrogen replacement therapy -LRB- 71 + / - 5 years -RRB- received simultaneous intravenous -LRB- 0.05 mg/kg over 30 minutes -RRB- and oral -LRB- 3 to 4 mg of a stable isotope , 15N3-midazolam -RRB- doses of midazolam . Serum and urine samples were assayed for midazolam , 15N3-midazolam , and metabolites by use of gas chromatography-mass spectrometry . No significant -LRB- P > .05 -RRB- differences were observed in systemic clearance and oral clearance between the three groups . Likewise , no differences were observed in oral , hepatic , or intestinal availability . A significant correlation was observed between oral and intestinal availability and not hepatic availability . Despite links between estrogen and immune function prior to menopause , the immune status of women receiving HRT has not been rigorously investigated . This case-control study uses clinical laboratory assessment , flow cytometry , and functional assays to measure immune function . Participants included 27 post-menopausal women taking estrogen/progestin combinations , and 22 post-menopausal women not receiving HRT . Compared to the -LRB- - -RRB- HRT group , the -LRB- + -RRB- HRT group had more B-cells -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- , higher mitogen-induced T-cell proliferation -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- , and higher levels of induced TNF-alpha -LRB- p < 0.05 -RRB- . There was a trend towards a lower proportion of CD4 + T-cells expressing the activation marker CD25 + -LRB- p < 0.10 -RRB- . These findings represent a reversal of immune alterations associated with normal aging , suggesting that preservation or improvement of immune function may be associated with the use of HRT . To assess the effects of the protease inhibitor ritonavir on the pharmacokinetics of ethinyl oestradiol in healthy female volunteers . This was an open-label , single centre study in 23 subjects who received two single doses of oral contraceptive containing 50 microg ethinyl oestradiol on Day 1 -LRB- alone -RRB- and on Day 29 during concomitant ritonavir . Each subject received 16 days of every 12 h doses of ritonavir from Day 15 through Day 30 . Blood samples were collected for serum ethinyl oestradiol concentrations for 48 h after each dose and for plasma ritonavir on Day 29 at 0 and 4 h postdose . Statistically significant decreases in ethinyl oestradiol mean Cmax -LRB- -32 % -RRB- and mean AUC -LRB- -41 % -RRB- , and a statistically significant increase in the mean terminal elimination rate constant -LRB- +31 % -RRB- were observed during concomitant ritonavir . The harmonic mean terminal half-life decreased from 17 h to 13 h during concomitant ritonavir . No statistically significant change was noted in tmax . The ratios of means -LRB- 95 % confidence intervals -RRB- for Cmax and AUC were 0.682 -LRB- 0.612-0.758 -RRB- and 0.595 -LRB- 0.506-0.694 -RRB- , respectively . The changes in ethinyl oestradiol pharmacokinetics were consistent with an increase in clearance from enzymatic induction of glucuronidation and/or cytochrome P450 hydroxylation . Mean steady-state ritonavir concentrations of 6.5 and 13.4 microg ml -LRB- -1 -RRB- were observed at 0 and 4 h postdose , respectively . Considering the extent of the decrease in ethinyl oestradiol concentrations , the use of alternate contraceptive measures should be considered when ritonavir is being administered .
The aim of this study was to assess the correlation between the Newborn Infant Parasympathetic Evaluation -LRB- NIPE -RRB- index and two pain scales during a painful procedure in premature infants . NIPE index , heart rate variability -LRB- HRV -RRB- indices and Neonatal Acute Pain scale -LRB- DAN -RRB- were recorded across three periods : the first at rest 5 min before the painful procedure -LRB- T1 -RRB- , the second during it -LRB- T2 -RRB- and the third 3 min after the end of it -LRB- T3 -RRB- . The Premature Infant Pain Profile-Revised -LRB- PIPP-R -RRB- pain scale was recorded at T2 . Sixty-four recordings were performed in 29 preterm infants -LRB- mean GA = 29.9 ± 4.2 weeks -RRB- . Twenty-eight tachograms were coupled to NIPE for analysis . We did not find a correlation between the NIPE index and DAN and PIPP-R at the pain time T2 . Considering the linear HRV indices , we did not observe a modification in parasympathetic or sympathetic activity , while for the nonlinear HRV indices -LRB- H exponent , Approximate and conditional Entropy -RRB- , a significant change towards a loss of physiological chaotic cardiac behaviour was detected . The NIPE index seems to be not reliable to assess acute pain in the preterm infant , but other HRV indices could be explored as additional tools next to pain scales in NICUs . The NIPE monitor was developed for objective pain assessment in neonates based on HFnu variations , but it does not seem reliable enough for assessing acute pain in real time in preterm neonates . Pain assessment in preterm babies still relies on pain scales .
The putative blunted thermogenesis in obesity may be related to insulin resistance , but insulin sensitivity and obesity are potentially confounding factors . To determine the independent effects of obesity and insulin resistance on the thermic effect of food , at rest and after exercise , lean and obese men were matched at two levels of insulin sensitivity determined by insulin-stimulated glucose disposal -LRB- milligrams per kilogram fat-free mass -LSB- FFM -RSB- per minute -RRB- during the euglycemic , hyperinsulinemic -LRB- 40 mU/m2 . min -RRB- clamp : 5.4 mg/kg FFM for the lean and obese groups with low insulin sensitivity , and 8.1 mg/kg FFM for the groups with high insulin sensitivity . The two lean groups were matched for percent fat -LRB- approximately 15 + / - 1 % fat -RRB- , as were the two obese groups -LRB- approximately 33 + / - 2 % fat -RRB- . Energy expenditure was measured for 3 h in the fasting state and for 3 h after a 720-kcal mixed meal , each at rest and immediately after 1 h of cycling at 100 W . The thermic effect of food -LRB- TEF -RRB- was calculated as the postprandial minus fasting energy expenditure -LRB- kcal/3 h -RRB- during rest and after exercise . During rest , TEF was blunted by both obesity -LRB- 24 + / - 5 and 34 + / - 6 kcal/3 h for obese groups with low and high insulin sensitivity vs. 56 + / - 6 and 74 + / - 6 kcal/3 h for the lean groups with low and high insulin sensitivity ; P less than 0.01 lean vs. obese -RRB- and insulin resistance -LRB- insulin-resistant less than insulin-sensitive , at both levels of obesity ; P less than 0.01 -RRB- . After exercise , TEF was also impaired in the obese -LRB- 47 + / - 6 and 44 + / - 5 kcal/3 h for the insulin-resistant and - sensitive groups -RRB- and in the lean insulin-resistant -LRB- 55 + / - 5 kcal/3 h -RRB- , compared with the lean insulin-sensitive men -LRB- 71 + / - 3 kcal/3 h -RRB- , P less than 0.01 . Compared with rest , TEF after exercise was improved , but not normalized , in both obese groups -LRB- P less than 0.05 -RRB- , but unchanged in the lean groups . These results suggest that both insulin resistance and obesity are independently associated with impaired TEF at rest , but the responsiveness of thermogenesis to exercise before a meal is related to the obese state and not independently to insulin resistance per se . Evidence suggests that nigrostriatal system disorders are associated with PD and adiposity . Whether patterns of adiposity coexist or predate clinical PD is unknown . This report examines the relation between midlife adiposity and the risk of PD . Measurement of adiposity occurred from 1965 to 1968 in 7,990 men in the Honolulu Heart Program -LRB- aged 45 to 68 years and without PD -RRB- . Adiposity measures included body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- , subscapular skinfold thickness -LRB- SSF -RRB- , and triceps skinfold thickness -LRB- TSF -RRB- . Follow-up for incident PD occurred over a 30-year period . During the course of follow-up , PD was observed in 137 men . Among the measures of adiposity , age-adjusted incidence of PD increased threefold from 3.7 / 10,000 person-years in the bottom quartile of TSF -LRB- 1 to 5 mm -RRB- to 11.1 / 10,000 person-years in the top quartile -LRB- 11 to 32 mm , p < 0.001 -RRB- . Effects of TSF on PD were independent of cigarette smoking , coffee consumption , physical activity , daily caloric and fat intake , and the other measures of adiposity -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . Whereas rates of PD were lowest in the bottom quartile of BMI and SSF vs higher quartiles , associations with PD were weaker than they were for TSF . The effect of TSF on clinical onset before age 65 years was similar to the effect that was observed in later life . Increased triceps skinfold thickness measured in midlife is associated with an elevated risk of future PD . Whether patterns of adiposity reflect a unique metabolic pathology in individuals at a high risk of PD warrants further study . To assess the efficacy and safety of a low calorie soy-based meal replacement program for the treatment of obesity . A 12-week prospective randomized controlled clinical trial . Outpatient weight control research unit . One hundred obese -LRB- 28 < BMI < or = 41 kg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- volunteers between the ages of 35 and 65 y. Seventy-four participants completed the trial . Participants were randomized to either the meal replacement treatment group -LRB- n = 50 ; 240 g/day , 1200 kcal/day -RRB- or control group -LRB- n = 50 -RRB- . Both groups at baseline received a single dietary counseling session and a pamphlet describing weight loss practices . Weight , body fat , serum lipid concentrations . : By intent-to-treat analysis , the treatment group lost significantly more weight than the control group -LRB- 7.00 vs 2.90 kg ; P < 0.001 -RRB- and had a greater change in total -LRB- 22.5 vs 6.8 mg/dl ; P = 0.013 -RRB- and LDL cholesterol -LRB- 21.2 vs 7.1 mg/dl ; P < 0.009 -RRB- . -LRB- For any given degree of weight loss , the reduction in LDL cholesterol was significantly greater in the treatment group . -RRB- Treatment was well tolerated and no serious side effects were detected . Use of this soy-based meal replacement formula was effective in lowering body weight , fat mass and in reducing LDL cholesterol beyond what could be expected given the weight lost . Acutely administered caffeine modestly increases blood pressure , plasma catecholamine levels , plasma renin activity , serum free fatty acid levels , urine production ,
Opioids and benzodiazepines are frequently used in the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- . Regular use and prolonged exposure to opioids in ICU patients followed by abrupt tapering or cessation may lead to iatrogenic withdrawal syndrome -LRB- IWS -RRB- . IWS is well described in pediatrics , but no prospective study has evaluated this syndrome in adult ICU patients . The objective of this study was to determine the incidence of IWS caused by opioids in a critically ill adult population . This multicenter prospective cohort study was conducted at two level-1 trauma ICUs between February 2015 and September 2015 and included 54 critically ill patients . Participants were eligible if they were 18 years and older , mechanically ventilated and had received more than 72 h of regular intermittent or continuous intravenous infusion of opioids . For each enrolled patient and per each opioid weaning episode , presence of IWS was assessed by a qualified ICU physician or senior resident according to the 5th edition of Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders criteria for opioid withdrawal . The population consisted mostly of males -LRB- 74.1 % -RRB- with a median age of 50 years -LRB- 25th-75th percentile 38.2-64.5 -RRB- . The median ICU admission APACHE II score was 22 -LRB- 25th-75th percentile 12.0-28.2 -RRB- . The median cumulative opioid dose prior to weaning was higher in patients with IWS -LRB- 245.7 vs. 169.4 mcg/kg , fentanyl equivalent -RRB- . Patients with IWS were also exposed to opioids for a longer period of time as compared to patients without IWS -LRB- median 151 vs. 125 h -RRB- . IWS was occasionally observed in this very specific population of mechanically ventilated , critically ill ICU patients . Further studies are needed to confirm these preliminary results and identify risk factors . The prolonged use of continuous intravenous sedation -LSB- benzodiazepines -LRB- BZDs -RRB- -RSB- and pain medication -LSB- opioids -LRB- OPs -RRB- -RSB- is now common in intensive care units . Few studies have evaluated the characteristics that may lead to an acute withdrawal syndrome when these long-term medications are withdrawn . Those studies that have made recommendations for weaning rates to prevent withdrawal have given these recommendations with minimal data to support their recommendations . The purpose of this study was to retrospectively review the records of adult burn patients for the presence of acute BZD or OP withdrawal syndrome and to characterize whether patterns of BZD or OP administration or weaning rates contribute to the development of acute withdrawal syndrome . We found no relation of acute withdrawal syndrome to peak dose , total dose , or duration of dose of BZD/OP before the terminal withdrawal phase . There was a significant relationship between the rate of BZD/OP weaning in the terminal drug withdrawal phase and the percentage of days that patients experienced withdrawal symptoms -LRB- P < 0.005 -RRB- . Those patients who underwent a prolonged terminal weaning from these medications experienced fewer symptoms . The optimal rate of weaning that would allow decreased ventilator and intensive care unit length of stay without development of acute withdrawal symptoms is yet to be determined .
Minor alterations were seen in protein content with IFN ; Il-1beta decreased alpha-synuclein and tau at 18 and 96 h ; TNFalpha inversely reduced alpha-synuclein and increased ubiquitin content . Combinations of Il-1beta and IFN produced a robust increase of alpha-synuclein and tau at 2 h. Consecutive low doses of Il-6 produced only minor increases in alpha-synuclein and ubiquitin after 4 h , whereas a single high dose resulted in major increases for all three proteins over the first 18 h. Protein localization patterns were distinctly different and were altered dependent upon cytokine treatment . A high dose exposure -LRB- 2 x 50 ng/ml -RRB- with Il-6 and IFN demonstrated that protein increases and dispersals could be sustained and that the normal perinuclear tau and peripheral alpha-synuclein patterns were disrupted . These results support the postulate that specific cytokines affect temporal protein changes with concomitant pattern disruptions , possibly reflecting a mechanism of cell dysfunction in Parkinson 's degeneration . The integrity of frontal systems responsible for voluntary control and their interaction with subcortical regions involved in reflexive responses were studied in patients with Parkinson 's disease -LRB- PD -RRB- . Previous studies have shown that patients with PD have impaired executive function , including deficits in attention , motor planning and decision making . Executive function was measured through eye movements : reflexive -LRB- stimulus driven -RRB- prosaccades and voluntary -LRB- internally guided -RRB- antisaccades . Patients with advanced idiopathic PD , off and on their optimal levodopa therapy , were tested on a prosaccade and an antisaccade task and compared with matched controls . Levodopa significantly increased response time for reflexive prosaccades and reduced error rate for voluntary antisaccades . Consistent with our proposed model , patients with PD in the medicated state are better able to plan and execute voluntary eye movements . These findings suggest levodopa improves function of the voluntary frontostriatal system , which is deficient in PD .
Based on 20,713 singleton livebirths at the John Radcliffe Hospital , Oxford , in 1978-1984 , we calculated new birthweight and head circumference values for males and females between 24 and 42 weeks of gestation . Among the 803 babies born at or before 34 weeks of gestation , 28 % were delivered electively for fetal problems ; they were considerably lighter and had smaller heads than infants born after spontaneous preterm labour . As we and others have recommended elsewhere , the electively delivered preterm infants were excluded from the calculation of the new birthweight and head circumference centiles . In our series males were heavier and had larger head circumferences than females at most gestational ages . There were consistent and statistically significant differences in birthweight at all gestational ages from 37 weeks and in head circumference at all gestational ages from 35 weeks . Remarkable progress has been achieved in the treatment of gastric cancer during these three decades , the late survival rate being increased twice or more . The factors attributing to this result were analyzed and prospect for further progress was discussed . One of the most promising ways for this purpose lies in the development of multidisciplinary treatment . So far the mode of thinking has been placed on the organ-oriented basis . However , the search should be directed to the treatment specifically effective to each biological type involved in the tumor . A concept of `` Type-Oriented Treatment '' was proposed herein . The pivotal risk of smoking and alcohol in laryngeal cancer has meant that evidence for alternate cofactors has been indicative to date . A number of case series , however , contain a few patients who are life-long nondrinkers and nonsmokers and question what other cofactors may contribute . Gastroesophageal reflux disease makes a small but significant contribution to the causal development of laryngeal cancer ; however , what remains to be understood is the mechanism of its action . Bile reflux appears to be an additional causative factor in achlorhydrics . After controlling for the effects of alcohol and tobacco , exposure to oncogenic types of human papilloma virus is associated with an increased risk of laryngeal carcinoma . Evidence does not support asbestos exposure itself as increasing the relative risk of laryngeal cancer . A dietary increase in vegetables and fruit may confer an advantage in reducing the laryngeal cancer incidence . Inherited differences in cell cycle control systems , DNA repair systems , and carcinogen-metabolizing enzymes can increase the risk for laryngeal cancer , but as yet , no causal mechanism has been demonstrated . The goal was to estimate the prevalence of laryngopharyngeal reflux -LRB- LPR -RRB- in patients with laryngeal and voice disorders . This was a prospective study of 113 unselected , new patients with laryngeal and voice disorders . Patients completed an extensive medical history form including a reflux symptom profile . A comprehensive otolaryngologic examination was performed with photographic transnasal fiberoptic laryngoscopy . Patients with both symptoms and findings of LPR -LRB- 78/133 , 69 % -RRB- underwent ambulatory 24-hour double-probe pH monitoring . Seventy-three percent -LRB- 57/78 -RRB- of patients undergoing pH testing had abnormal studies . Thus 50 % -LRB- 57/113 -RRB- of the entire the study population had pH-documented reflux . Of the diagnostic sub-groups studied , the highest incidence of reflux was found in patients with vocal cord neoplastic lesions -LRB- 88 % -RRB- and patients with muscle tension dysphonias -LRB- 70 % -RRB- . LPR was infrequently found in patients with neuromuscular disorders . LPR occurs in at least 50 % of all patients at our center with laryngeal and voice disorders at presentation . Little information is available regarding the prevalence of laryngeal pathology in adults . To estimate the prevalence of occult laryngeal pathology in a community-based cohort of adults over 40 years of age . One hundred consecutive volunteers over age 40 with no history of voice disorders were enrolled . All completed a self-administered laryngeal symptom questionnaire and underwent a comprehensive head and neck examination including transnasal fiberoptic laryngoscopy . The mean age of the cohort was 61 years . Vocal fold bowing -LRB- presbylaryngis -RRB- was present in 72 % of the patients , and findings of laryngopharyngeal reflux were present in 64 % of the cohort . In addition , other laryngeal pathology were identified in 21 % . Only 12 % had a completely normal laryngeal examination . Occult laryngeal pathology is very common in persons over 40 . Findings suggestive of laryngopharyngeal reflux are present in 64 % , and vocal fold bowing is present in 72 % of persons over 40 . Extraesophageal symptoms are common manifestations of gastroesophageal reflux disease -LRB- GERD -RRB- . Lack of a definitive diagnostic or treatment standards complicate management , which often leads to multiple specialty consultations , procedures , pharmaceuticals and diagnostic tests . The aim of this study was to determine the economic burden associated with extraesophageal reflux -LRB- EER -RRB- . Direct costs of evaluation were estimated for patients referred with symptoms attributed to EER between 2007 and 2011 . Medicare payment for evaluation and management and pharmaceutical prices was used to calculate first year and overall costs of evaluating and treating extraesophageal symptoms attributed to reflux . Overall , 281 patients were studied -LRB- cough -LRB- 50 % -RRB- , hoarseness -LRB- 23 % -RRB- , globus/post-nasal drainage -LRB- 15 % -RRB- , asthma -LRB- 9 % -RRB- , and sore throat -LRB- 3 % -RRB- -RRB- . Over a median -LRB- interquartile range -RRB- of 32 -LRB- 16-46 -RRB- months follow-up , patients had a mean -LRB- 95 % confidence interval -RRB- of 10.1 -LRB- 9.4-10.9 -RRB- consultations with specialists and underwent 6.4 -LRB- 3-9 -RRB- diagnostic procedures . Overall , the mean initial year direct cost was $ 5,438 per patient being evaluated for EER . Medical and non-medical components contributed $ 5,154 and
The primary result was 30-day success rate of nonoperative management . Secondary outcomes included comparisons of disability days , missed school days , hospital length of stay , and measures of quality of life and health care satisfaction . Seventy-seven patients were enrolled during October 2012 to October 2013 ; 30 chose nonoperative management and 47 chose surgery . There were no significant differences in demographic or clinical characteristics . The immediate and 30-day success rates of nonoperative management were 93 % -LRB- 28 of 30 -RRB- and 90 % -LRB- 27 of 30 -RRB- . There was no evidence of progression of appendicitis to rupture at the time of surgery in the 3 patients for whom nonoperative management failed . Compared with the surgery group , the nonoperative group had fewer disability days -LRB- 3 vs 17 days ; p < 0.0001 -RRB- , returned to school more quickly -LRB- 3 vs 5 days ; p = 0.008 -RRB- , and exhibited higher quality of life scores in both the child -LRB- 93 vs 88 ; p = 0.01 -RRB- and the parent -LRB- 96 vs 90 ; p = 0.03 -RRB- , but incurred a longer length of stay -LRB- 38 vs 20 hours ; p < 0.0001 -RRB- . Nonoperative management of uncomplicated acute appendicitis in children is feasible , with a high 30-day success rate and short-term benefits that include quicker recovery and improved quality of life scores . Additional follow-up will allow for determination of longer-term success rate , safety , and cost effectiveness .
Proper testing in Neurorehabilitation requires double-blind sham-controlled study designs . Here , we evaluated the effects of tDCS and sham stimulation -LRB- SHAM -RRB- on healthy subjects and stroke patients ' self-report measures of attention , fatigue , duration of elicited sensations and discomfort . tDCS or SHAM was in all cases applied over the motor cortex . Attention , fatigue , and discomfort were self rated by study participants using visual analog scales . Duration of perceived sensations and the ability to distinguish tDCS from Sham sessions were determined . Investigators questioning the patients were blind to the intervention type . tDCS and SHAM elicited comparably minimal discomfort and duration of sensations in the absence of differences in attention or fatigue , and could not be distinguished from SHAM by study participants nor investigators . Successful blinding of subjects and investigators and ease of application simultaneously with training protocols supports the feasibility of using tDCS in double-blind , sham-controlled randomized trials in clinical Neurorehabilitation . tDCS could evolve into a useful tool , in addition to TMS , to modulate cortical activity in Neurorehabilitation . To develop and test a questionnaire for measuring quality of life in patients with craniocervical dystonia . A 29-item pool was developed based on semi-structured interviews of patients with cervical dystonia -LRB- CD -RRB- and blepharospasm -LRB- BSP -RRB- . For scale generation , a combination of exploratory factor and cluster analysis was applied . This resulted in the 24-item version of the instrument -LRB- CDQ-24 -RRB- based on five subscales : Stigma , Emotional wellbeing , Pain , Activities of daily living , and Social/family life . The validity and reliability of the CDQ-24 was assessed in 231 consecutive patients with CD and BSP different from those examined with the preliminary questionnaire . Sensitivity to change was analysed in 51 previously untreated -LRB- de novo -RRB- patients four weeks and one year following the first botulinum toxin treatment . Internal consistency reliability was satisfactory for all subscales , with values of Cronbach 's alpha ranging from 0.77 to 0.89 . The CDQ-24 subscales showed moderate to high correlations with those SF-36 subscales measuring similar aspects -LRB- Pearson 's correlation r = 0.50-0.73 ; p < 0.001 , each -RRB- . Sensitivity to change was confirmed by highly significant improvements of all CDQ-24 subscores in the de novo patients from baseline to four week follow up . One year follow up data revealed a stable improvement . Patients with cervical dystonia have been evaluated prospectively by the Toronto Western Spasmodic Torticollis Rating Scale and by cervical electrogoniometry . Nineteen patients with cervical dystonia were studied . The Toronto Scale interobserver reliability was evaluated by two observers . An electrogoniometer was used to quantify cervical range of motion and velocity . The correlation between goniometric measurements and clinical evaluation was calculated . The interobserver reliability was excellent for the total score -LRB- r -LRB- s -RRB- = 99 -RRB- and good for the disability and the pain score -LRB- r > 0.88 -RRB- . However , global severity scale was shown to have a moderate reliability -LRB- r = 0.63 -RRB- with r ranging from 0.37 to 0.98 for the individual items . The average loss of range of motion for flexion and extension , lateral bending and rotation was 18 % , 12 % and 21 % respectively . For the velocity of movement , the average loss was proportionately greater than for the range of motion . -LRB- 41 % , 43 % and 52 % respectively -RRB- . Correlation between the severity scale and range of motion was moderate but significant -LRB- r -LRB- s -RRB- = -0.52 to -0.67 -RRB- . Correlation between the Toronto severity score and the sum of movement velocities was significant for flexion-extension and lateral bending velocity sums -LRB- r -LRB- s -RRB- = -0.51 ; r -LRB- s -RRB- = -0.61 -RRB- . The lateral bending and rotation velocities were significantly correlated with pain and total scores -LRB- r -LRB- s -RRB- = -0.51 -RRB- . No significant correlation was observed for the disability score . Three-dimensional electrogoniometry is helpful to quantify the velocity of neck movements and range of motion in patients with cervical dystonia .
Biliary cancers -LRB- BCs -RRB- respond poorly to chemotherapy . Lapatinib is a dual inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor -LRB- EGFR -RRB- and HER2/neu , both implicated in cholangiocarcinogenesis . This trial was designed to determine the safety and efficacy of lapatinib in BC . A Fleming phase II design with a single stage of 25 patients was used . The dose of lapatinib was 1,500 mg/day administered orally in 28-day cycles . Tumor and blood specimens were analyzed for expression of HER2/neu and EGFR . Nine patients with BC enrolled in this study . The study was terminated early because of futility . The most common toxicities were nausea and fatigue -LRB- 78 % -RRB- and diarrhea -LRB- 67 % -RRB- . No responses were observed . Of 8 evaluable patients , 4 -LRB- 50 % -RRB- had stable disease . Median progression-free survival was 2.6 months -LRB- 95 % CI 1.6-4.4 -RRB- and median overall survival was 5.1 months -LRB- 95 % CI 2.0-16.5 -RRB- . We did not find evidence of HER2 overexpression . Lapatinib is well tolerated but failed to show activity as a single agent in treating patients with BC . Despite the small patient population , our study is consistent with previous findings , suggesting that targeting HER2/neu does not appear to be an effective therapy for BC . Hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- HCC -RRB- is on the rise worldwide . HCC responds poorly to chemotherapy . Lapatinib is an inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor and HER2/NEU both implicated in hepatocarcinogenesis . This trial was designed to determine the safety and efficacy of lapatinib in HCC . A Fleming phase II design with a single stage of 25 patients with a 90 % power to exclude a true response rate of < 10 % and detect a true response rate of > or = 30 % was used . The dose of lapatinib was 1,500 mg/day administered orally in 28-day cycles . Tumor and blood specimens were analyzed for expression of HER2/NEU/CEP17 and status of downstream signal pathway proteins . Twenty-six patients with HCC enrolled on this study . Nineteen percent had one prior therapy . Most common toxicities were diarrhea -LRB- 73 % -RRB- , nausea -LRB- 54 % -RRB- , and rash -LRB- 42 % -RRB- . Ten -LRB- 40 % -RRB- patients had stable disease as their best response including six -LRB- 23 % -RRB- with stable disease lasting > 120 days . Median progression-free survival was 1.9 months and median overall survival was 12.6 months . Patients who developed a rash had a borderline statistically significant longer survival . Tissue and blood specimens were available on > 90 % of patients . No somatic mutations in EGFR -LRB- exons 18-21 -RRB- were found . In contrast to our previous findings , we did not find evidence of HER2/NEU somatic mutations . PTEN , P-AKT , and P70S6K expression did not correlate with survival . Lapatinib is well-tolerated but seems to benefit only a subgroup of patients for whom predictive molecular or clinical characteristics are not yet fully defined .
To compare the safety and efficacy of loteprednol etabonate ophthalmic ointment 0.5 % -LRB- LE ointment -RRB- , a new topical ointment formulation , with vehicle for the treatment of inflammation and pain following cataract surgery . Two randomized , multicenter , double-masked , parallel-group , vehicle-controlled studies were conducted . Patients aged ≥ 18 years with a combined postoperative anterior chamber cells and flare -LRB- ACI -RRB- ≥ Grade 3 following uncomplicated cataract surgery participated in seven study visits . Patients self-administered either topical LE ointment or vehicle four times daily for 14 days . Efficacy outcomes included the proportion of patients with complete resolution of ACI and the proportion of patients with no -LRB- Grade 0 -RRB- pain at postoperative day 8 . Safety outcomes included the incidence of adverse events , ocular symptoms , changes in intraocular pressure and visual acuity , and biomicroscopy and funduscopy findings . Data from the two studies were combined . The integrated intent-to-treat population consisted of 805 patients -LRB- mean -LSB- standard deviation -RSB- age 69.0 -LSB- 9.2 -RSB- years ; 58.0 % female and 89.7 % white -RRB- . Significantly more LE ointment-treated patients than vehicle-treated patients had complete resolution of ACI -LRB- 27.7 % versus 12.5 % -RRB- and no pain -LRB- 75.5 % versus 43.1 % -RRB- at day 8 -LRB- P < 0.0001 for both -RRB- . Fewer LE ointment-treated patients required rescue medication -LRB- 27.7 % versus 63.8 % -RRB- , and fewer had an ocular adverse event -LRB- 47.2 % versus 78.0 % , P < 0.0001 -RRB- while on study treatment . The most common ocular adverse events with LE ointment were anterior chamber inflammation , photophobia , corneal edema , conjunctival hyperemia , eye pain , and iritis . Mean intraocular pressure decreased in both treatment groups . Four patients had increased intraocular pressure ≥ 10 mmHg -LRB- three LE ointment and one vehicle -RRB- prior to rescue medication . Visual acuity and dilated funduscopy results were similar between the treatment groups , with the exception of visual acuity at visits 5 and 6 , which favored LE ointment . LE ointment was efficacious and well tolerated in the treatment of ocular inflammation and pain following cataract surgery . This study aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of loteprednol etabonate -LRB- LE -RRB- 0.5 % to placebo -LRB- vehicle -RRB- in controlling the anterior chamber cell and flare reaction in patients undergoing cataract surgery with intraocular lens -LRB- IOL -RRB- implantation . Randomized , double-masked , placebo-controlled , parallel group multicenter study . A total of 203 patients undergoing elective cataract removal and posterior chamber intraocular lens implantation who , on the day after surgery , exhibited a minimum anterior chamber inflammation score -LRB- ACI , sum of cell and flare reaction -RRB- rating of 3 -LRB- 0-9 scale -RRB- . The proportion of patients with ACI resolved by the final visit was 56 -LRB- 55 % -RRB- of 102 in the LE group and 28 -LRB- 28 % -RRB- of 100 in the placebo group -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . For all the individual components of ACI -LRB- cell and flare -RRB- , as well as other signs and symptoms , the resolution rate and mean change from baseline favored LE . Expanding the efficacy criterion to include patients with mild inflammation at final visit , the efficacy of LE was 95 -LRB- 93 % -RRB- of 102 in contrast to 65 -LRB- 65 % -RRB- of 100 for placebo . Among the 39 patients who did not complete the study , the majority were discontinued for inadequate anti-inflammatory effect : 25 -LRB- 25 % -RRB- of 101 placebo patients and 5 -LRB- 5 % -RRB- of 102 of LE patients . The difference in the treatment failure rates , as well the difference in the time course of failures , was both clinically meaningful and statistically significant in favor of LE -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Both treatments were well-tolerated . No clinically significant elevations in intraocular pressure -LRB- > or = 10 mmHg -RRB- were seen in the LE treatment group . One patient in the placebo treatment group met this criterion . Loteprednol etabonate showed a clinically meaningful reduction in the signs and symptoms of postoperative anterior chamber inflammation when compared with that of placebo and had an acceptable safety profile compared with placebo .
The incidence and severity of Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea -LRB- CDAD -RRB- has been increasing , and there have been recent reports of metronidazole treatment failure . Metronidazole is still commonly used as first-line treatment for CDAD but has never been compared with vancomycin in a prospective , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial . We conducted such a trial , stratifying patients according to disease severity , to investigate whether one agent was superior for treating either mild or severe disease . From October 1994 through June 2002 , patients with CDAD were stratified according to whether they had mild or severe disease based on clinical criteria and were randomly assigned to receive oral metronidazole -LRB- 250 mg 4 times per day -RRB- or oral vancomycin -LRB- 125 mg 4 times per day -RRB- for 10 days . Both groups received an oral placebo in addition to the study drug . Patients were followed up for 21 days to assess cure , treatment failure , relapse , or intolerance . One hundred seventy-two patients were enrolled , and 150 of these patients successfully completed the trial . Among the patients with mild CDAD , treatment with metronidazole or vancomycin resulted in clinical cure in 90 % and 98 % of the patients , respectively -LRB- P = .36 -RRB- . Clinicians who treat patients with Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea -LRB- CDAD -RRB- in Quebec , Canada , have noted an apparent increase in the proportion of patients who experience relapse . To determine whether there was an increase in the frequency of treatment failure and of recurrence of CDAD after treatment , we reviewed data on cases that had been diagnosed in a hospital in the province of Quebec during the period 1991-2004 . The frequency of recurrences within 60 days after the initial diagnosis was measured using Kaplan-Meier analysis , and Cox regression was used for multivariate analysis . Among patients who had initially been treated with metronidazole , the proportion whose regimens were switched to vancomycin or for whom vancomycin was added because of a disappointing response did not vary between 1991 and 2002 -LRB- 66 -LSB- 9.6 % -RSB- of 688 patients overall -RRB- but more than doubled in 2003-2004 -LRB- 112 -LSB- 25.7 % -RSB- of 435 ; P < .001 -RRB- . Among 845 patients treated with metronidazole only , the 60-day probability of recurrence increased dramatically in 2003-2004 -LRB- 47.2 % -RRB- , compared with 1991-2002 -LRB- 20.8 % ; P < .001 -RRB- . During 1991-2002 , the probabilities of recurrence were 20.0 % , 13.8 % , and 28.9 % among individuals aged 0-17 , 18-64 , and > or = 65 years , respectively ; during 2003-2004 , the probabilities were 25.0 % , 27.1 % , and 58.4 % , respectively . In 2003-2004 , there was an increase in the proportion of patients with CDAD believed , by their attending physicians , to have experienced metronidazole treatment failure , as well as an increase in the frequency of post-metronidazole therapy recurrences , especially among elderly persons .
Describes the Autism Diagnostic Interview-Revised -LRB- ADI-R -RRB- , a revision of the Autism Diagnostic Interview , a semistructured , investigator-based interview for caregivers of children and adults for whom autism or pervasive developmental disorders is a possible diagnosis . The revised interview has been reorganized , shortened , modified to be appropriate for children with mental ages from about 18 months into adulthood and linked to ICD-10 and DSM-IV criteria . Psychometric data are presented for a sample of preschool children . The observational schedule consists of four 30-minute modules , each designed to be administered to different individuals according to their level of expressive language . Psychometric data are presented for 223 children and adults with Autistic Disorder -LRB- autism -RRB- , Pervasive Developmental Disorder Not Otherwise Specified -LRB- PDDNOS -RRB- or nonspectrum diagnoses . Within each module , diagnostic groups were equivalent on expressive language level . Results indicate substantial interrater and test-retest reliability for individual items , excellent interrater reliability within domains and excellent internal consistency . Comparisons of means indicated consistent differentiation of autism and PDDNOS from nonspectrum individuals , with some , but less consistent , differentiation of autism from PDDNOS . Algorithm sensitivities and specificities for autism and PDDNOS relative to nonspectrum disorders were excellent , with moderate differentiation of autism from PDDNOS . Previous studies have found a subgroup of people with autism or Asperger Syndrome who pass second-order tests of theory of mind . However , such tests have a ceiling in developmental terms corresponding to a mental age of about 6 years . It is therefore impossible to say if such individuals are intact or impaired in their theory of mind skills . We report the performance of very high functioning adults with autism or Asperger Syndrome on an adult test of theory of mind ability . The task involved inferring the mental state of a person just from the information in photographs of a person 's eyes . Relative to age-matched normal controls and a clinical control group -LRB- adults with Tourette Syndrome -RRB- , the group with autism and Asperger Syndrome were significantly impaired on this task . The autism and Asperger Syndrome sample was also impaired on Happé 's strange stories tasks . In contrast , they were unimpaired on two control tasks : recognising gender from the eye region of the face , and recognising basic emotions from the whole face . This provides evidence for subtle mindreading deficits in very high functioning individuals on the autistic continuum . In 1997 in this Journal we published the `` Reading the Mind in the Eyes '' Test , as a measure of adult `` mentalising '' . Whilst that test succeeded in discriminating a group of adults with Asperger syndrome -LRB- AS -RRB- or high-functioning autism -LRB- HFA -RRB- from controls , it suffered from several psychometric problems . In this paper these limitations are rectified by revising the test . The Revised Eyes Test was administered to a group of adults with AS or HFA -LRB- N = 15 -RRB- and again discriminated these from a large number of normal controls -LRB- N = 239 -RRB- drawn from different samples . The Revised Eyes Test has improved power to detect subtle individual differences in social sensitivity . Single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation -LRB- TMS -RRB- is a safe and useful tool for investigating various aspects of human neurophysiology , particularly corticospinal function , in health and disease . Repetitive TMS -LRB- rTMS -RRB- , however , is a more powerful and potentially dangerous modality , capable of regionally blocking or facilitating cortical processes . Although there is evidence that rTMS is useful for treating clinical depression , and possibly other brain disorders , it had caused 7 known seizures by 1996 and could have other undesirable effects . In June 1996 a workshop was organized to review the available data on the safety of rTMS and to develop guidelines for its safe use . This article summarizes the workshop 's deliberations . In addition to issues of risk and safety , it also addresses the principles and applications of rTMS , nomenclature , and potential therapeutic effects of rTMS . The guidelines for the use of rTMS , which are summarized in an appendix , cover the ethical issues , recommended limits on stimulation parameters , monitoring of subjects -LRB- both physiologically and neuropsychologically -RRB- , expertise and function of the rTMS team , medical and psychosocial management of induced seizures , and contra-indications to rTMS . In order to test a new repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulator , the Dantec MagPro , we administered transcranial magnetic stimulation -LRB- TMS -RRB- at 1 Hz and 125 % of motor threshold for an average of 204 s -LRB- until the coil temperature reached 40 degrees C -RRB- and 20 Hz stimulation at 100 % of motor threshold for 2 s every minute for 10 min , on different days to 10 healthy volunteers . We stimulated 6 scalp positions -LRB- primary motor area -LRB- M1 -RRB- and sites 5 cm anterior and posterior on each hemisphere -RRB- with an 8-shaped coil . We tested immediate and delayed memory , verbal fluency , prolactin levels and EEG at the beginning of the study and after stimulation on each day . No abnormalities were found . Motor evoked potentials evoked with 1 Hz stimulation diminished progressively in amplitude , and 1 Hz stimulation of M1 caused inhibition lasting at least 1 min in 3 of 4 subjects who were tested with 0.1 Hz stimulation before and after the 1 Hz stimulation period . This did not occur with 20 Hz stimulation . Finger tapping frequency was tested at the beginning of the study and after TMS at each scalp site . Finger tapping rate data from 6 additional subjects who were stimulated in an identical fashion with a different stimulator were also analyzed . There was an increase in tapping rate
Type 2 diabetes mellitus is increasingly common , primarily because of increases in the prevalence of a sedentary lifestyle and obesity . Whether type 2 diabetes can be prevented by interventions that affect the lifestyles of subjects at high risk for the disease is not known . We randomly assigned 522 middle-aged , overweight subjects -LRB- 172 men and 350 women ; mean age , 55 years ; mean body-mass index -LSB- weight in kilograms divided by the square of the height in meters -RSB- , 31 -RRB- with impaired glucose tolerance to either the intervention group or the control group . Each subject in the intervention group received individualized counseling aimed at reducing weight , total intake of fat , and intake of saturated fat and increasing intake of fiber and physical activity . An oral glucose-tolerance test was performed annually ; the diagnosis of diabetes was confirmed by a second test . The mean duration of follow-up was 3.2 years . The mean -LRB- + / - SD -RRB- amount of weight lost between base line and the end of year 1 was 4.2 + / -5.1 kg in the intervention group and 0.8 + / -3.7 kg in the control group ; the net loss by the end of year 2 was 3.5 + / -5.5 kg in the intervention group and 0.8 + / -4.4 kg in the control group -LRB- P < 0.001 for both comparisons between the groups -RRB- . The reduction in the incidence of diabetes was directly associated with changes in lifestyle . Type 2 diabetes can be prevented by changes in the lifestyles of high-risk subjects . Type 2 diabetes affects approximately 8 percent of adults in the United States . Some risk factors -- elevated plasma glucose concentrations in the fasting state and after an oral glucose load , overweight , and a sedentary lifestyle -- are potentially reversible . We hypothesized that modifying these factors with a lifestyle-intervention program or the administration of metformin would prevent or delay the development of diabetes . We randomly assigned 3234 nondiabetic persons with elevated fasting and post-load plasma glucose concentrations to placebo , metformin -LRB- 850 mg twice daily -RRB- , or a lifestyle-modification program with the goals of at least a 7 percent weight loss and at least 150 minutes of physical activity per week . The mean age of the participants was 51 years , and the mean body-mass index -LRB- the weight in kilograms divided by the square of the height in meters -RRB- was 34.0 ; 68 percent were women , and 45 percent were members of minority groups . The average follow-up was 2.8 years . The incidence of diabetes was 11.0 , 7.8 , and 4.8 cases per 100 person-years in the placebo , metformin , and lifestyle groups , respectively . The lifestyle intervention reduced the incidence by 58 percent -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 48 to 66 percent -RRB- and metformin by 31 percent -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 17 to 43 percent -RRB- , as compared with placebo ; the lifestyle intervention was significantly more effective than metformin . To prevent one case of diabetes during a period of three years , 6.9 persons would have to participate in the lifestyle-intervention program , and 13.9 would have to receive metformin . Lifestyle changes and treatment with metformin both reduced the incidence of diabetes in persons at high risk . The lifestyle intervention was more effective than metformin .
Although several prospective cohort studies have found an inverse association between fish consumption and risk of coronary heart disease -LRB- CHD -RRB- or sudden cardiac death in the general population , limited data are available among diabetic patients . We examined prospectively the association between intake of fish and omega-3 fatty acids and risk of CHD and total mortality among 5103 female nurses with diagnosed type 2 diabetes but free of cardiovascular disease or cancer at baseline . Between 1980 and 1996 -LRB- 45 845 person-years of follow-up -RRB- , we documented 362 incident cases of CHD -LRB- 141 CHD deaths and 221 nonfatal myocardial infarctions -RRB- and 468 deaths from all causes . Compared with women who seldom consumed fish -LRB- < 1 serving/mo -RRB- , the relative risks -LRB- RRs -RRB- -LRB- 95 % CI -RRB- of CHD adjusted for age , smoking , and other established coronary risk factors were 0.70 -LRB- 0.48 to 1.03 -RRB- for fish consumption 1 to 3 times per month , 0.60 -LRB- 0.42 to 0.85 -RRB- for once per week , 0.64 -LRB- 0.42 to 0.99 -RRB- for 2 to 4 times per week , and 0.36 -LRB- 0.20 to 0.66 -RRB- for 5 or more times per week -LRB- P for trend = 0.002 -RRB- . Higher consumption of fish was also associated with a significantly lower total mortality -LRB- multivariate RR = 0.48 -LSB- 0.29 to 0.80 -RSB- for > or = 5 times per week -LSB- P for trend = 0.005 -RSB- -RRB- . Higher consumption of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids was associated with a trend toward lower incidence of CHD -LRB- RR = 0.69 -LSB- 95 % CI 0.47 to 1.03 -RSB- , P for trend = 0.10 -RRB- and total mortality -LRB- RR = 0.63 -LSB- 95 % CI , 0.45 to 0.88 -RSB- , P for trend = 0.02 -RRB- . A higher consumption of fish and long-chain omega-3 fatty acids was associated with a lower CHD incidence and total mortality among diabetic women . Nutritional therapy is a cornerstone of diabetes management , but no epidemiologic studies have investigated the relation between specific dietary fatty acids and cholesterol and cardiovascular disease -LRB- CVD -RRB- risk among diabetic patients . This study assessed the relation between specific dietary fatty acids and cholesterol and CVD risk among women with type 2 diabetes . Among 5672 women with type 2 diabetes from the Nurses ' Health Study , diet was assessed prospectively and updated periodically . Relative risks of CVD were estimated from Cox proportional hazards analysis after adjustment for potential confounders . Between 1980 and 1998 , we identified 619 new cases of CVD -LRB- nonfatal myocardial infarction , fatal coronary heart disease , and stroke -RRB- . The relative risk -LRB- RR -RRB- of CVD for an increase of 200 mg cholesterol/1000 kcal was 1.37 -LRB- 95 % CI : 1.12 , 1.68 ; P = 0.003 -RRB- . Each 5 % of energy intake from saturated fat , as compared with equivalent energy from carbohydrates , was associated with a 29 % greater risk of CVD -LRB- RR : 1.29 ; 95 % CI : 1.02 , 1.63 ; P = 0.04 -RRB- . The ratio of polyunsaturated to saturated fat -LRB- P : S -RRB- was inversely associated with the risk of fatal CVD . We estimated that replacement of 5 % of energy from saturated fat with equivalent energy from carbohydrates or monounsaturated fat was associated with a 22 % or 37 % lower risk of CVD , respectively . A higher intake of cholesterol and saturated fat and a low P : S were related to increased CVD risk among women with type 2 diabetes . Among diabetic persons , replacement of saturated fat with monounsaturated fat may be more effective in lowering CVD risk than is replacement with carbohydrates . Type 2 diabetes mellitus is characterised by heightened inflammation and endothelial dysfunction . Moderate alcohol intake has been associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetic patients . It remains to be determined whether there is an association between alcohol and inflammation in individuals with diabetes . We investigated the relationship between alcohol intake and inflammation in 726 of 18,159 men who returned blood samples in the Health Professionals Follow-up Study and had confirmed type 2 diabetes at blood draw . After adjustment for age , HbA1c , insulin use , fasting status , smoking , BMI , physical activity , aspirin use , prevalence of cardiovascular disease and dietary factors , each additional drink per day was related to increased HDL cholesterol -LRB- 0.053 mmol/l , p < 0.0001 -RRB- and adiponectin -LRB- 0.8 microg/ml , p = 0.01 -RRB- , and decreased sTNFR-2 -LRB- 73 pg/ml , p = 0.03 -RRB- , fibrinogen -LRB- 0.302 micromol/l , p = 0.02 -RRB- and sVCAM-1 -LRB- 33 ng/ml , p = 0.02 -RRB- . The relationship between alcohol and inflammatory biomarkers persisted when subjects were stratified according to HbA1c levels . Moderate alcohol intake may have a beneficial effect on markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in type 2 diabetic patients . Laboratory and human studies suggest that folate intake may influence the risk of some cancers . However , prospective information about the relation between folate intake and the risk of exocrine pancreatic cancer is limited . The authors examined the relation of dietary folate intake to the risk of pancreatic cancer in two large prospective US cohorts . Folate intake was assessed by food frequency questionnaire in 1984 in women and in 1986 in men . Multivariate relative risks were adjusted for age , energy intake , cigarette smoking , body mass index , diabetes , and height . During 14 years ' follow-up in each cohort , 326 incident cases of pancreatic cancer were identified . Compared with participants in the lowest category of folate intake , participants in increasing 100 - micro
To compare outcomes of bone marrow transplants for leukemia from HLA-identical siblings , haploidentical HLA-mismatched relatives , and HLA-matched and mismatched unrelated donors . A total of 2,055 recipients of allogeneic bone marrow transplants for chronic myelogenous leukemia -LRB- CML -RRB- , acute myelogenous leukemia -LRB- AML -RRB- , and acute lymphoblastic leukemia -LRB- ALL -RRB- were entered onto the study . Transplants were performed between 1985 and 1991 and reported to the International Bone Marrow Transplant Registry -LRB- IBMTR -RRB- . Donors were HLA-identical siblings -LRB- n = 1,224 -RRB- ; haploidentical relatives mismatched for one -LRB- n = 238 -RRB- or two -LRB- n = 102 -RRB- HLA-A , - B , or - DR antigens ; or unrelated persons who were HLA-matched -LRB- n = 383 -RRB- or mismatched for one HLA-A , - B , or - DR antigen -LRB- n = 108 -RRB- . HLA typing was performed using serologic techniques . Transplant-related mortality was significantly higher after alternative donor transplants than after HLA-identical sibling transplants . Among patients with early leukemia -LRB- CML in chronic phase or acute leukemia in first remission -RRB- , 3-year transplant-related mortality -LRB- + / - SE -RRB- was 21 % + / - 2 % after HLA-identical sibling transplants and greater than 50 % after all types of alternative donor transplants studied . Among patients with early leukemia , relative risks of treatment failure -LRB- inverse of leukemia-free survival -RRB- , using HLA-identical sibling transplants as the reference group , were 2.43 -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- with 1-HLA-antigen-mismatched related donors , 3.79 -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- with 2-HLA-antigen-mismatched related donors , 2.11 -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- with HLA-matched unrelated donors , and 3.33 -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- with 1-HLA-antigen-mismatched unrelated donors . For patients with more advanced leukemia , differences in treatment failure were less striking : 1-HLA-antigen-mismatched relatives , 1.22 -LRB- P = not significant -LSB- NS -RSB- -RRB- ; 2-HLA-antigen-mismatched relatives , 1.81 -LRB- P < .0001 -RRB- ; HLA-matched unrelated donors , 1.39 -LRB- P = .002 -RRB- ; and 1-HLA-antigen-mismatched unrelated donors , 1.63 -LRB- P = .002 -RRB- . Although transplants from alternative donors are effective in some patients with leukemia , treatment failure is higher than after HLA-identical sibling transplants . Outcome depends on leukemia state , donor-recipient relationship , and degree of HLA matching . In early leukemia , alternative donor transplants have a more than twofold increased risk of treatment failure compared with HLA-identical sibling transplants . This difference is less in advanced leukemia . Acute myeloid leukemia is a heterogeneous disease with a prognosis determined mostly by the leukemic karyotype . Allogeneic transplant in first remission is offered to patients with intermediate - and poor-risk cytogenetics . Only the minority of patients , however , have a matched sibling donor . Matched unrelated , genetically haploidentical and umbilical cord blood have been increasingly used . Pros and cons of each procedure are discussed , and whenever available , comparisons are made . With the progress made in supportive care and prophylaxis of graft-versus-host disease , significant improvement in results of transplant from alternative donors has enabled its increasing use in specific disease stages . The recommended transplant for a given patient and the timing of transplant are discussed . Clinical trials with bone marrow depleted of donor T lymphocytes indicate that both the incidence and severity of graft-versus-host disease -LRB- GVHD -RRB- in patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation -LRB- BMT -RRB- for treatment of leukemia are greatly reduced . However , there has been a concurrent increase in the incidence of graft rejection , particularly among recipients of HLA-nonidentical marrow grafts . In order to investigate the nature of graft failure , peripheral blood mononuclear cells -LRB- PBMC -RRB- present at the time of graft failure have been characterized by phenotypic and functional analyses in 5 recipients of HLA-nonidentical marrow grafts . Rejection of HLA-nonidentical marrow grafts was associated with the emergence of host-derived T lymphocytes in all 5 patients . In 3 of these patients , the cells could be tested directly for cell-mediated cytotoxicity . Antidonor cytotoxicity was detected in each of these 3 patients . In one patient the target specificity of the cytotoxic lymphocytes was identified as the donor class I HLA antigen , HLA-B7 . None of the patient PBMC mediated cytotoxicity against the natural killer cell target K562 . Early clinical trials using T lymphocyte-depleted human marrow for transplantation have reported that such grafts reduce , to varying degrees , both the incidence and the severity of graft-v-host disease -LRB- GVHD -RRB- . However , to date , no clear estimates have been made as to what degree of T cell depletion is necessary to prevent GVHD in every case . To address this problem , we used a limiting dilution assay -LRB- LDA -RRB- to quantitate residual clonable T lymphocytes in human T cell-depleted bone marrow in 31 HLA-identical transplants for leukemia . The number of phytohemagglutinin - interleukin 2-responsive T lymphocytes determined by LDA and expressed as T cell per kilogram recipient weight was found to correlate with the subsequent development of GVHD : no patients who received less than 1 X 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- T cell per kilogram developed GVHD -LRB- N = 24 -RRB- . Of the seven patients who received 1 X 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- to 4.4 X 10 -LRB- 5 -RRB- T cell per kilogram , four patients developed grade I or II skin GVHD . This study thus provides a quantitative estimate of the number of T lymphocytes necessary to initiate clinically detectable GVHD in an HLA-identical host . In this study we tried to achieve successful transplantation in patients with acute leukemia with the use of hematopoietic stem cells from donors who shared only one HLA haplotype with the recipient -LRB- a `` full-haplotype mismatch '' -RRB- . To prevent graft failure , large doses of T-cell-depleted hematopoietic stem
Homeless shelters are identified as places where humans are at high risk of acquiring respiratory disease . We previously reported the prevalence of the main respiratory diseases affecting a population of homeless in Marseille , France . Here , we investigated the prevalence of 10 respiratory viruses in a similar homeless population during 2 successive winter seasons . Following a clinical examination , we collected nasal specimens from which the RT-PCR detection of 10 respiratory viruses was performed through snapshot investigations . Among the 265 patients included , 150 -LRB- 56.6 % -RRB- reported at least one respiratory symptom of which 13 -LRB- 8.7 % -RRB- had positive swabs for at least one respiratory virus , and 115 patients reported any respiratory symptom of which 10 -LRB- 8.7 % -RRB- had positive swabs for respiratory virus . Overall , 23 patients had positive swabs for at least one respiratory virus . Although one half of the patients reported respiratory symptoms , the prevalence of respiratory viruses was within the range of that previously described in adult asymptomatic patients outside the homeless community . Most HRV-positive swabs were collected during the same snapshot suggesting a local outbreak .
Retrospective , multicenter study of robotically-guided spinal implant insertions . Clinical acceptance of the implants was assessed by intraoperative radiograph , and when available , postoperative computed tomography -LRB- CT -RRB- scans were used to determine placement accuracy . To verify the clinical acceptance and accuracy of robotically-guided spinal implants and compare to those of unguided free-hand procedures . SpineAssist surgical robot has been used to guide implants and guide-wires to predefined locations in the spine . SpineAssist which , to the best of the authors ' knowledge , is currently the sole robot providing surgical assistance in positioning tools in the spine , guided over 840 cases in 14 hospitals , between June 2005 and June 2009 . Screw placements were found to be clinically acceptable in 98 % of the cases when intraoperatively assessed by fluoroscopic images . Measurements derived from postoperative CT scans demonstrated that 98.3 % of the screws fell within the safe zone , where 89.3 % were completely within the pedicle and 9 % breached the pedicle by up to 2 mm . Neurologic deficits were observed in 4 cases yet , following revisions , no permanent nerve damage was encountered , in contrast to the 0.6 % to 5 % of neurologic damage reported in the literature . SpineAssist offers enhanced performance in spinal surgery when compared to free-hand surgeries , by increasing placement accuracy and reducing neurologic risks . In addition , 49 % of the cases reported herein used a percutaneous approach , highlighting the contribution of SpineAssist in procedures without anatomic landmarks .
Using a process model of emotion , a distinction between antecedent-focused and response-focused emotion regulation is proposed . To test this distinction , 120 participants were shown a disgusting film while their experiential , behavioral , and physiological responses were recorded . Participants were told to either -LRB- a -RRB- think about the film in such a way that they would feel nothing -LRB- reappraisal , a form of antecedent-focused emotion regulation -RRB- , -LRB- b -RRB- behave in such a way that someone watching them would not know they were feeling anything -LRB- suppression , a form of response-focused emotion regulation -RRB- , or -LRB- c -RRB- watch the film -LRB- a control condition -RRB- . Compared with the control condition , both reappraisal and suppression were effective in reducing emotion-expressive behavior . However , reappraisal decreased disgust experience , whereas suppression increased sympathetic activation . These results suggest that these 2 emotion regulatory processes may have different adaptive consequences . Maladaptive emotional reactions are common among individuals diagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder -LRB- ASD -RRB- and often impair functioning . Most research on emotional processes in ASD has focused on the recognition of emotion in others . This article argues for a broader approach to affective research in ASD , one that includes investigations into emotional reactivity and regulation . For example , research has typically looked at perseveration in ASD from a cognitive or perceptual perspective , yet perseveration also appears to have emotional aspects . This article discusses examples of emotion regulation research in other populations to illustrate how this approach could inform understanding of perseveration in ASD , particularly related to affective interference with cognitive control . More broadly , it highlights the potential contributions of emotion regulation research in ASD in relation to improving treatment specificity , increasing understanding of individual differences and diagnostic conceptualizations , and , potentially , contributing to a deeper understanding the neurobehavioral underpinnings of ASD . Autism spectrum disorder -LRB- ASD -RRB- is associated with amplified emotional responses and poor emotional control , but little is known about the underlying mechanisms . This article provides a conceptual and methodologic framework for understanding compromised emotion regulation -LRB- ER -RRB- in ASD . After defining ER and related constructs , methods to study ER were reviewed with special consideration on how to apply these approaches to ASD . Against the backdrop of cognitive characteristics in ASD and existing ER theories , available research was examined to identify likely contributors to emotional dysregulation in ASD . Little is currently known about ER in youth with ASD . Some mechanisms that contribute to poor ER in ASD may be shared with other clinical populations -LRB- e.g. , physiologic arousal , degree of negative and positive affect , alterations in the amygdala and prefrontal cortex -RRB- , whereas other mechanisms may be more unique to ASD -LRB- e.g. , differences in information processing/perception , cognitive factors -LSB- e.g. , rigidity -RSB- , less goal-directed behavior and more disorganized emotion in ASD -RRB- . Although assignment of concomitant psychiatric diagnoses is warranted in some cases , poor ER may be inherent in ASD and may provide a more parsimonious conceptualization for the many associated socioemotional and behavioral problems in this population . Further study of ER in youth with ASD may identify meaningful subgroups of patients and lead to more effective individualized treatments . Maladaptive behavior is common in Autism Spectrum Disorder -LRB- ASD -RRB- . However , the factors that give rise to maladaptive behavior in this context are not well understood . The present study examined the role of emotion experience and emotion regulation in maladaptive behavior in individuals with ASD and typically developing -LRB- TD -RRB- participants . Thirty-one individuals with ASD and 28 TD participants and their parents completed questionnaires assessing emotion experience , regulation , and maladaptive behavior . Compared to TD participants , individuals with ASD used cognitive reappraisal less frequently , which was associated with increased negative emotion experience , which in turn was related to greater levels of maladaptive behavior . By decreasing negative emotions , treatments targeting adaptive emotion regulation may therefore reduce maladaptive behaviors in individuals with ASD . Emotion dysregulation is not a formal criterion for the diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder -LRB- ASD -RRB- . However , parents and clinicians have long noted the importance of emotional problems in individuals with ASD -LRB- e.g. tantrums and `` meltdowns '' -RRB- . In this study , 21 high-functioning children and adolescents with ASD and 22 age and gender group-matched typically developing -LRB- TD -RRB- controls completed a Reactivity and Regulation Situation Task . This task assesses emotional reactivity and spontaneous use of emotion regulation strategies -LRB- problem solving , cognitive reappraisal , avoidance , distraction , venting , suppression , and relaxation -RRB- in the context of age-appropriate ambiguous and potentially threatening negative scenarios . After the concept of cognitive reappraisal was explained , the scenarios were presented again to participants , and they were prompted to use this strategy . Furthermore , youth with ASD had a different emotion regulation profile than TD individuals , characterized by a less frequent use of cognitive reappraisal and more frequent use of suppression . When prompted to use cognitive reappraisal , participants with ASD were less able to implement reappraisal , but benefitted from this strategy when they were able to generate a reappraisal . Findings from this study suggest that cognitive reappraisal strategies may be useful to children and adolescents with ASD . Therefore , the development of treatment programs that focus on enhancing the use of adaptive forms of emotion regulation might decrease emotional problems and optimize long-term outcomes in youth with ASD . The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between emotion dysregulation and the core features of Autism Spectrum Disorder -LRB- ASD -RRB- , which include social/communication deficits , restricted/repetitive behaviors , and sensory abnormalities . An 18-item
Adjuvant chemotherapy for resected non-small-cell lung cancer -LRB- NSCLC -RRB- is now accepted on the basis of several randomized clinical trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- that demonstrated improved survival . Although there is strong evidence that adjuvant chemotherapy is effective in stages II and IIIA NSCLC , its utility in stage IB disease is unclear . This report provides a mature analysis of Cancer and Leukemia Group B -LRB- CALGB -RRB- 9633 , the only RCT designed specifically for stage IB NSCLC . Within 4 to 8 weeks of resection , patients were randomly assigned to adjuvant chemotherapy or observation . Eligible patients had pathologically confirmed T2N0 NSCLC and had undergone lobectomy or pneumonectomy . Chemotherapy consisted of paclitaxel 200 mg/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- intravenously over 3 hours and carboplatin at an area under the curve dose of 6 mg/mL per minute intravenously over 45 to 60 minutes every 3 weeks for four cycles . The primary end point was overall survival . Three hundred-forty-four patients were randomly assigned . Median follow-up was 74 months . Groups were well-balanced with regard to demographics , histology , and extent of surgery . Grades 3 to 4 neutropenia were the predominant toxicity ; there were no treatment-related deaths . Survival was not significantly different -LRB- hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- , 0.83 ; CI , 0.64 to 1.08 ; P = .12 -RRB- . However , exploratory analysis demonstrated a significant survival difference in favor of adjuvant chemotherapy for patients who had tumors > or = 4 cm in diameter -LRB- HR , 0.69 ; CI , 0.48 to 0.99 ; P = .043 -RRB- . Because a significant survival advantage was not observed across the entire cohort , adjuvant chemotherapy should not be considered standard care in stage IB NSCLC . Given the magnitude of observed survival differences , CALGB 9633 was underpowered to detect small but clinically meaningful improvements . A statistically significant survival advantage for patients who had tumors > or = 4 cm supports consideration of adjuvant paclitaxel/carboplatin for stage IB patients who have large tumors . The epidermal growth factor receptor -LRB- EGFR -RRB- is detected on many non-haematopoietic tissues and is frequently overexpressed in human tumors . With its ligand , TGF-alpha , it forms a well-defined autocrine growth loop . Several clinical approaches , using EGFR as a therapeutic target , are being investigated , particularly monoclonal antibodies combined with chemotherapy , and pharmacological inhibition of downstream components of the EGFR signaling pathway . To determine the risk of invasive epithelial ovarian cancer and fallopian tube cancer associated with a raised concentration of the tumour marker CA 125 in asymptomatic postmenopausal women . Serum CA 125 concentration was measured annually in study participants for one to four years . Participants with a concentration > or = 30 U/ml were recalled for abdominal ultrasonography . Follow up was by annual postal questionnaire . General practice , occupational health departments , ovarian cancer screening unit in a teaching hospital . 22,000 volunteers , all postmenopausal women > or = 45 years of age ; recruited between 1 June 1986 and 1 May 1990 . Surgical investigation if the ultrasound examination was abnormal . Cumulative and relative risk of developing an index cancer -LRB- invasive epithelial cancer of the ovary or fallopian tube -RRB- after a specified CA 125 result . 49 index cancers developed in the study population during a mean follow up of 6.76 years . The overall cumulative risk of developing an index cancer was 0.0022 for the entire study population and was lower for women with a serum CA 125 concentration < 30 U/ml -LRB- cumulative risk 0.0012 -RRB- but was appreciably increased for women with a concentration > or = 30 U/ml -LRB- 0.030 -RRB- and > 100 U/ml -LRB- 0.149 -RRB- . Compared with the entire study population the relative risk of developing an index cancer within one year and five years was increased 35.9-fold -LRB- 95 % confidence interval 18.3 to 70.4 -RRB- and 14.3-fold -LRB- 8.5 to 24.3 -RRB- respectively after a serum CA 125 concentration > or = 30 U/ml and 204.8-fold -LRB- 79.0 to 530.7 -RRB- and 74.5-fold -LRB- 31.1 to 178.3 -RRB- respectively after a concentration > or = 100 U/ml . CA 125 is a powerful index of risk of ovarian and fallopian tube cancer in asymptomatic postmenopausal women . Increased expression of epidermal growth factor receptor -LRB- EGFr -RRB- has been reported in non small cell lung cancers -LRB- NSCLC -RRB- when compared to normal lung . We have examined post-operative survival in 19 surgically treated patients with NSCLC who had full characterisation of EGFr on primary tumour membrane preparations from resection specimens . There were ten squamous , seven adeno and two large cell carcinomas . The median concentration of high affinity sites was 31 fmol per mg of protein -LRB- 4-1532 -RRB- and the median dissociation constant -LRB- Kd -RRB- of these high affinity sites was 2.3 x 10 -LRB- -10 -RRB- per mol -LRB- 1.2-30 x 10 -LRB- -10 -RRB- -RRB- . Seven patients survived over 5 years . Twelve patients died between 8.5 and 55 months from the time of surgery . When > 5 year survivors were compared to non-survivors there was no difference as regards tumour size or stage , or as regards age or sex . The survivors had a median concentration of high affinity EGFr sites of 16.1 fmol mg-1 protein compared to a median concentration of 68.6 fmol mg-1 protein in the non-survivors -LRB- P = 0.01 Wilcoxon test -RRB- . No long term survivor had > 35 fmol mg-1 protein of receptor . Thus EGFr quantitation may give independent prognostic information in NSCLC and help to select patients for adjuvant therapy after surgery . These results need confirmation in a larger prospective study . Overexpression of epidermal growth factor receptor -LRB- EGF-R -RRB- , K-ras gene mutations and c-myc gene amplification were studied in tumor and
Six teaching hospitals . A total of 177 adult patients undergoing elective open inguinal hernia repair were randomized to either standard skin preparation with 10 % povidone-iodine or skin preparation followed by cyanoacrylate-based liquid microbial sealant . Wound contamination was assessed during surgery by microbial sampling inside the wound at initiation of skin incision and prior to skin closure . The primary outcome measures were the safety and effectiveness of cyanoacrylate-based microbial sealant to reduce bacterial contamination during surgery . The secondary outcome measure was reduction of postoperative surgical site infections using microbial sealant . Demographics were similar . Patients treated with sealant were more likely to have no bacterial cells found in the wound than control participants -LRB- 47 % vs 31 % ; P = .04 -RRB- . Three patients developed surgical site infections ; all were in the control group -LRB- P = .25 -RRB- . Independent factors that reduced wound contamination were use of microbial sealant -LRB- odds ratio , 0.45 ; confidence interval , 0.23-0.88 ; P = .02 -RRB- and perioperative antibiotics -LRB- odds ratio , 0.24 ; confidence interval , 0.10-0.58 ; P = .001 -RRB- . Cyanoacrylate-based microbial sealant may be an important tool to reduce wound contamination and potentially prevent surgical site infections . Prospective audit of wound complications including complications recorded in case notes and those discovered by community surveillance . Academic surgical unit of three consultant surgeons . 510 patients undergoing elective inguinal hernia repair between June 1985 and August 1989 . The wound infection rate recorded in the hospital notes was 3 % compared with 9 % when additional information was obtained from community surveillance . Wound complications were detected in 143 -LRB- 28 % -RRB- patients by community surveillance compared with a complication rate of 7 % in the case records for the same patients . Wound complications are common after clean surgery in patients discharged home early . Complication rates are a reflection not only of the standards of surgical practice but also the rigour with which they are sought . Before national comparative audit data are published the method of collection must be standardised . For short stay surgery this should include meaningful community surveillance . Surgical site infection has been estimated to occur in about 15 % of clean surgery and 30 % of contaminated surgery cases . Using plastic adhesive drapes to protect the wound from organisms that may be present on the surrounding skin during surgery is one strategy used to prevent surgical site infection . Results from non-randomised studies have produced conflicting results about the efficacy of this approach . A systematic review was required to guide clinical practice . To assess the effect of adhesive drapes used during surgery on surgical site infection , cost , mortality and morbidity . For this fourth update we searched the Cochrane Wounds Group Specialised Register -LRB- searched 4th March 2015 -RRB- ; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials -LRB- CENTRAL -RRB- -LRB- The Cochrane Library 2015 , Issue 2 -RRB- ; Ovid MEDLINE -LRB- 2012 to 3rd March 2015 -RRB- ; Ovid MEDLINE -LRB- In-Process & Other Non-Indexed Citations , 2012 to 3rd March 2015 -RRB- ; Ovid EMBASE -LRB- 2012 to 3rd March 2015 -RRB- ; and EBSCO CINAHL -LRB- 2012 to 4th March 2015 -RRB- . Randomised controlled trials comparing any plastic adhesive drape with no plastic adhesive drape , used alone or in combination with woven -LRB- material -RRB- drapes or disposable -LRB- paper -RRB- drapes , in patients undergoing any type of surgery . Ring drapes were excluded . Two review authors independently selected and assessed studies for trial quality and both independently extracted data . We contacted study authors for additional information . We identified no new studies for this fourth update . The review includes five studies involving 3082 participants comparing plastic adhesive drapes with no drapes and two studies involving 1113 participants comparing iodine-impregnated adhesive drapes with no drapes . A significantly higher proportion of patients in the adhesive drape group developed a surgical site infection when compared with no drapes -LRB- risk ratio -LRB- RR -RRB- 1.23 , 95 % confidence interval -LRB- CI -RRB- 1.02 to 1.48 , P = 0.03 -RRB- . Iodine-impregnated adhesive drapes had no effect on the surgical site infection rate -LRB- RR 1.03 , 95 % CI 0.06 to 1.66 , P = 0.89 -RRB- . Length of hospital stay was similar in the adhesive drape and non-adhesive drape groups . There was no evidence from the seven trials that plastic adhesive drapes reduce surgical site infection rates , and some evidence that they increase infection rates . Further trials may be justified , using blinded outcome assessment to examine the effect of adhesive drapes on surgical site infection , based on different wound classifications .
Primary and metastatic liver tumors continue to be a significant health problem in the United States . Hepatic resection or , in selected cases , transplantation are the only curative therapies for patients with resectable disease confined to the liver . Careful preoperative selection is crucial to avoid unnecessary surgical explorations that considerably reduce the quality of the short remaining life of patients with unresectable tumors . The surgeon needs to understand the role of imaging techniques in the evaluation of hepatic tumors for better selection of the patients who are candidates for an aggressive surgical approach . Several other therapeutic options are available for patients with unresectable disease . Until further research delineates the specific interactions among environmental factors , hepatic injury , hepatic regeneration , host factors , and molecular mechanisms of malignant transformation that can lead to specific preventive and treatment interventions , control of this disease will continue to rely on modifications of currently available treatment modalities . Established ablative therapies for the treatment of primary and secondary liver tumours , including percutaneous ethanol injection , cryotherapy , and radiofrequency ablation , are discussed . Newer techniques such as magnetic resonance imaging guided laser interstitial thermal therapy of liver tumours has produced a median survival rate of 40.8 months after treatment . The merits of this newly emerging technique are discussed , together with future developments , such as focused ultrasound therapy , which holds the promise of non-invasive thermoablation treatment on an outpatient basis . We have developed a PC-based surgical guidance system -LRB- ORION -RRB- which synchronously displays surgical position on up to four image sets and updates them in real time . For each of these components , we have developed a set of dynamic link libraries in MS Visual C++ 6.0 supporting various hardware tools and software techniques . Surgical instruments are tracked in physical space using an active optical tracking system . Several of the different registration algorithms were developed with a library of robust math kernel functions , and the accuracy of all registration techniques was thoroughly investigated . Our display was developed using the Win32 API for windows management and tomographic visualization , a frame grabber for live video capture , and OpenGL for visualization of surface renderings . We have begun to use this current implementation of our system for several surgical procedures , including open and minimally invasive liver surgery . Liver surgery can be difficult because there are few external landmarks defining hepatic anatomy and because the liver has significant vascularity . Interactive image-guided surgery involves the simultaneous real-time display of intraoperative instrument location on preoperative images -LRB- computed or positron-emission tomography or magnetic resonance imaging -RRB- . Interactive image-guided surgery has been described for tumor localization in the brain -LRB- frameless stereotactic surgery -RRB- and allows for interactive use of preoperative images during resections or biopsies . The application of interactive image-guided surgery -LRB- IIGS -RRB- is feasible for hepatic procedures from a biomedical engineering standpoint . We developed an interactive image-guided surgery system for liver surgery and tested a porcine liver model for tracking liver motion during insufflation ; liver motion during respiration in open procedures in patients undergoing hepatic resection ; and tracking accuracy of general surgical instruments , including a laparoscope and an ultrasound probe . Liver motion due to insufflation can be quantified ; average motion was 2.5 + / -1.4 mm . Average total liver motion secondary to respiration in patients was 10.8 + / -2.5 mm . Instruments of varying lengths , including a laparoscope , can be tracked to accuracies ranging from 1.4 to 2.1 mm within a 27-m3 -LRB- 3 X 3 X 3-m -RRB- space . Interactive image-guided surgery appears to be feasible for open and laparoscopic hepatic procedures and may enhance future operative localization . Liver surgery is difficult because of limited external landmarks , significant vascularity , and inexact definition of intra-hepatic anatomy . Intra-operative ultrasound -LRB- IOUS -RRB- has been widely used in an attempt to overcome these difficulties , but is limited by its two-dimensional nature , inter-user variability , and image obliteration with ablative or resectional techniques . Because the anatomy of the liver and intra-operative removal of hepatic ligaments make intrinsic or extrinsic point-based registration impractical , we have implemented a surface registration technique to map physical space into CT image space , and have tested the accuracy of this method on an anatomical liver phantom with embedded tumor targets . Liver phantoms were created from anatomically correct molds with `` tumors '' embedded within the substance of the liver . Helical CT scans were performed with 3-mm slices . Using an optically active position sensor , the surface of the liver was digitized according to anatomical segments . A surface registration was performed and RMS errors of the locations of internal tumors are presented as verification . An initial point-based marker registration was performed and considered the `` gold standard '' for error measurement . Errors for surface registration were 2.9 mm for the entire surface and 2.8 mm for embedded targets . This is an initial study considering the use of surface registration for the purpose of physical-to-image registration in the area of liver surgery .
We examined the hemodynamic , echocardiographic , and neurohormonal effects of intravenous istaroxime in patients hospitalized with heart failure -LRB- HF -RRB- . Istaroxime is a novel intravenous agent with inotropic and lusitropic properties related to inhibition of Na/K adenosine triphosphatase -LRB- ATPase -RRB- and stimulation of sarcoplasmic reticulum calcium ATPase . One hundred twenty patients admitted with HF and reduced systolic function were instrumented with a pulmonary artery catheter within 48 h of admission . Three sequential cohorts of 40 patients each were randomized 3:1 istaroxime : placebo to a continuous 6-h infusion . The first cohort received 0.5 microg/kg/min , the second 1.0 microg/kg/min , and the third 1.5 microg/kg/min istaroxime or placebo . All doses of istaroxime lowered pulmonary capillary wedge pressure -LRB- PCWP -RRB- , the primary end point -LRB- mean + / - SD : -3.2 + / - 6.8 mm Hg , -3.3 + / - 5.5 mm Hg , and -4.7 + / - 5.9 mm Hg compared with 0.0 + / - 3.6 mm Hg with placebo ; p < 0.05 for all doses -RRB- . On echocardiography , left ventricular end diastolic volume and deceleration time improved with 1.5 microg/kg/min . There were no changes in neurohormones , renal function , or troponin I. Adverse events were not life threatening and were dose related . In patients hospitalized with HF , istaroxime improved PCWP and possibly diastolic function . In contrast to available inotropes , istaroxime increased SBP and decreased HR . -LRB- A Phase II Trial to Assess Hemodynamic Effects of Istaroxime in Pts With Worsening HF and Reduced LV Systolic Function -LSB- HORIZON-HF -RSB- ; NCT00616161 -RRB- .
This cross-sectional study evaluated event-related potentials -LRB- ERPs -RRB- across three groups : naïve , novice , and experienced meditators as potential physiological markers of mindfulness meditation competence . Electroencephalographic -LRB- EEG -RRB- data were collected during a target tone detection task and a Breath Counting task . The Breath Counting task served as the mindfulness meditation condition for the novice and experienced meditator groups . Participants were instructed to respond to target tones with a button press in the first task -LRB- Tones -RRB- , and then ignore the primed tones while Breath Counting . The primary outcomes were ERP responses to target tones , namely the N2 and P3 , as markers of stimulus discrimination and attention , respectively . As expected , P3 amplitudes elicited by target tones were attenuated within groups during the Breath Counting task in comparison to the Tones task -LRB- p < .001 -RRB- . There was a task by group interaction for P3 -LRB- p = .039 -RRB- . Both meditator groups displayed greater change in peak-to-trough P3 amplitudes , with higher amplitudes during the Tones condition and more pronounced reductions in P3 amplitudes during the Breath Counting meditation task in comparison to the naïve group . Meditators had stronger P3 amplitude responses to target tones when instructed to attend to the tones , and a greater attenuation of P3 amplitudes when instructed to ignore the same tones during the Breath Counting task . This study introduces the idea of identifying ERP markers as a means of measuring mindfulness meditation competence , and results suggest this may be a valid approach . This information has the potential to improve mindfulness meditation interventions by allowing objective assessment of mindfulness meditation quality . Previous studies investigating mild cognitive impairment -LRB- MCI -RRB- have focused primarily on cognitive , memory , attention , and executive function deficits . There has been relatively little research on the perceptual deficits people with MCI may exhibit . This is surprising given that it has been suggested that sensory and cognitive functions share a common cortical framework -LSB- 1 -RSB- . In the following study , we presented the sound-induced flash illusion -LRB- SiFi -RRB- to a group of participants with mild cognitive impairment -LRB- MCI -RRB- and healthy controls -LRB- HC -RRB- . The SiFi is an audio-visual illusion whereby two-beeps and one-flash are presented . Participants tend to perceive two flashes when the time-interval between the auditory beeps is small -LSB- 2 , 3 -RSB- . Participants with MCI perceived significantly more illusions compared to HC over longer auditory time-intervals . This suggests that MCIs integrate more -LRB- arguably irrelevant -RRB- audiovisual information compared to HCs . By incorporating perceptual tasks into a clinical diagnosis it may be possible to gain a more comprehensive understanding into the disease , as well as provide a more accurate diagnose to those who may have a language impairment . To investigate the effects of the practice of yoga in combination with compassion meditation on the quality of life , attention , vitality and self-compassion of family caregivers of patients with Alzheimer 's disease . A total of 46 volunteers were randomly allocated to two groups , the yoga and compassion meditation program group -LRB- n = 25 -RRB- , and the control group -LRB- CG -RRB- that received no treatment -LRB- n = 21 -RRB- . The program lasted 8 weeks , and comprised three yoga and meditation practices per week , with each session lasting 1 h and 15 min . Quality of life , attention , vitality , and self-compassion scores were measured pre - and postintervention . The yoga and compassion meditation program group showed statistically significant improvements -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- on quality of life , attention , vitality and self-compassion scores as compared with the control group , which showed no statistical significant differences at the postintervention time-point . The findings of the present study suggest that an 8-week yoga and compassion meditation program can improve the quality of life , vitality , attention , and self-compassion of family caregivers of Alzheimer 's disease patients . Geriatr Gerontol Int 2017 ; 17 : 85-91 . The aim of the present study was to investigate the psychometric characteristics of the Perceived Stress Scale -LRB- PSS -RRB- in a sample of dementia patients and their spousal caregivers . We investigated the reliability and validity of the 14-item PSS in a sample of 80 couples , each including one spouse who had been diagnosed with mild to moderate dementia -LRB- mean age 75.55 , SD = 5.85 , 38.7 % female -RRB- and one spousal caregiver -LRB- mean age 73.06 , SD = 6.75 , 61.3 % female -RRB- . We also examined the factor structure and sensitivity of the scale with regard to gender differences . Exploratory factor analysis of the PSS revealed a two-factor solution for the scale ; the first factor reflected general stress while the second factor consisted of items reflecting the perceived ability to cope with stressors . A confirmatory factor analysis verified that the data were a better fit for the two-factor model than a one-factor model . The two factors of the PSS showed good reliability for patients as well as for caregivers ranging between α = 0.73 and α = 0.82 . Perceived stress was significantly positively correlated with depressive symptomatology in both caregivers and patients . Mean PSS scores did not significantly differ between male and female patients nor did they differ between male and female caregivers . The present data indicate that the PSS provides a reliable and valid measure of perceived stress in dementia patients and their caregivers . The paper reports on the development of the WHOQOL-BREF , an abbreyiated version of the WHOQOL-100 quality of life assessment . The WHOQOL-BREF was derived from data collected using the WHOQOL-100 . It produces scores for four domains related to quality of life : physical health ,
We hypothesized that a resuscitation regimen that limited the total volume of fluid administered would reduce morbidity and mortality rates in critically ill trauma patients . We performed a double-blind randomized trial to assess the safety and efficacy of adding vasopressin to resuscitative fluid . Subjects were hypotensive adults who had sustained acute traumatic injury . Subjects were given fluid alone -LRB- control group -RRB- or fluid plus vasopressin -LRB- experimental group -RRB- , first as a bolus -LRB- 4 IU -RRB- and then as an intravenous infusion of 200 ml/h -LRB- vasopressin 2.4 IU/h -RRB- for 5 h . The groups were similar in age , sex , preexisting medical illnesses , and mechanism and severity of injury . Serum vasopressin concentrations were higher in the experimental group than in the control group at admission , after infusion of vasopressin -LRB- p = 0.01 -RRB- , and 12 h later . The experimental group required a significantly lower total volume of resuscitation fluid over 5 days than did the control group -LRB- p = 0.04 -RRB- . The rates of adverse events , organ dysfunction , and 30-day mortality were similar . This is the first trial to investigate the impact of vasopressin administration in trauma patients . Infusion of low-dose vasopressin maintained elevated serum vasopressin levels and decreased fluid requirements after injury .
To examine the value of pre-induction sonographic assessment of cervical length , posterior cervical angle and occipital position in the prediction of the induction-to-delivery interval within 24 h , the likelihood of vaginal delivery within 24 h , the likelihood of Cesarean section and to compare sonographic assessment with the Bishop score . In 604 singleton pregnancies , induction of labor was carried out at 35-42 weeks of gestation . Immediately before induction , transvaginal sonography was performed for measurement of cervical length and posterior cervical angle and a transabdominal scan was carried out to determine the position of the fetal occiput . The value of occipital position , posterior cervical angle , cervical length , parity , gestational age , maternal age , and body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- on the induction-to-delivery interval within 24 h , the likelihood of vaginal delivery within 24 h and the likelihood of Cesarean section were investigated by Cox proportional hazard model or logistic regression analysis . Vaginal delivery occurred in 484 -LRB- 80.1 % -RRB- women and this was within 24 h of induction in 388 -LRB- 64.2 % -RRB- . Cesarean section was performed in 120 -LRB- 19.9 % -RRB- . Occiput-anterior -LRB- OA -RRB- and transverse -LRB- OT -RRB- positions were analyzed as one group as the odds ratios -LRB- OR -RRB- and the HR were similar and different from occiput-posterior -LRB- OP -RRB- , which was analyzed as another group . Prediction of the induction-to-delivery interval was provided by the occipital position , pre-induction cervical length , parity and posterior cervical angle . Prediction of the likelihood of vaginal delivery within 24 h was provided by the occipital position , cervical length , posterior cervical angle and BMI . Prediction of the likelihood of Cesarean section was provided by the occipital position , cervical length , parity , maternal age and BMI . In the prediction of vaginal delivery within 24 h , for a specificity of 75 % , the sensitivity for ultrasound findings was 89 % and for the Bishop score it was 65 % . The respective sensitivities for Cesarean section were 78 % and 53 % . In women undergoing induction of labor , significant independent prediction of the induction-to-delivery interval within 24 h , the likelihood of vaginal delivery within 24 h and the likelihood of Cesarean section are provided by pre-induction cervical length , occipital position , posterior cervical angle and maternal characteristics . Sonographic parameters were superior to the Bishop score in the prediction of the outcome of induction . Unplanned operative delivery -LRB- vaginal or abdominal -RRB- is associated with maternal anxiety , maternal and neonatal morbidity and increased resource use . We aimed to identify potential predictors for emergency operative delivery . This was a prospective observational study of 202 nulliparous women in a tertiary antenatal unit between 36 and 40 weeks ' gestation . Clinical data were obtained from the institutional obstetric database and patient records . On multivariate logistic regression analysis , the best model for predicting normal vaginal delivery contained maternal age , history of Cesarean section , Bishop score and bladder position on Valsalva and had excellent ability to discriminate between normal vaginal delivery and operative delivery -LRB- c = 0.85 -RRB- . The model with the best ability to discriminate between vaginal delivery and Cesarean section contained the same parameters plus body mass index ; this model performed even better -LRB- c = 0.87 -RRB- . Identification of women at increased risk of operative delivery appears feasible . A combination of clinical and ultrasound variables yielded a model that is likely to predict delivery mode accurately in up to 87 % of cases .
The authors report on a surgical technique involving a one-piece osteoplastic bone flap , which incorporates the frontal , temporal , and lateral portions of the orbital rim as a technically simpler alternative to the standard orbitozygomatic -LRB- OZ -RRB- craniotomy . The orbital rim component extends just laterally from the supraorbital foramen/notch to the frontozygomatic suture . This craniotomy obviates the need for removing the zygoma and has evolved from the authors ' experience in more than 200 patients with a variety of pathological lesions , both vascular and tumorous . The osteoplastic aspect of this technique was initially evaluated in 14 cadaveric sites in seven heads dissected prior to implementing this procedure clinically . The osteoplastic bone flap minimally obstructs the surgical view and provides all the advantages of a standard OZ craniotomy . Temporalis muscle atrophy leading to temporal hollowing is avoided , a bone union to the calvaria is improved , and the possibility of bone infection is decreased . The objective of this study was to evaluate jaw movements and the masticatory muscle in patients who underwent craniotomy for treatment of cerebral aneurysm . Descriptive study . Their mean age was 45.3 years . Thirty-four -LRB- 47.9 % -RRB- patients complained of headache during dental evaluation . Twenty -LRB- 28.2 % -RRB- patients reported pain during normal jaw movements . There was a correlation between pain complaints and jaw movements during dental examinations -LRB- P = .03 -RRB- . Patients with postcraniotomy headache had more masticatory muscle tenderness on palpation than those without post-craniotomy headache -LRB- P < .02 -RRB- . Jaw protrusion was worse than the reference values -LRB- P < .01 -RRB- . Headache was the complaint in 47.9 % of the sample . Jaw movement was statistically a pain-precipitating factor . Patients who suffered from postcraniotomy headache had more masticatory muscle tenderness . Patients with intracranial aneurysm -LRB- s -RRB- of the carotid artery territory , treated with pterional craniotomy , were prospectively and randomly addressed to one layer flap -LRB- n = 36 -RRB- or myocutaneous -LRB- MC -RRB- versus two layers ' dieresis -LRB- n = 32 -RRB- or interfascial -LRB- IF -RRB- . The study protocol included the patient 's sex , age , area of craniotomy , time of flap dieresis and synthesis , time of bone dieresis and synthesis , the intracranial time , including dura mater dieresis and synthesis and time of flap retraction . Before and after surgery , the patients were evaluated with examination specially oriented to V and VII cranial nerves , bi-temporal diameter measurement , the symmetry of the temporal region , tempora-mandibularis joint -LRB- TMJ -RRB- movements and cranial CT scan . The evaluations of the TMJ dysfunctions were postoperative pain , movement limitations at mastication , occlusion , mouth aperture and lateral movements of the jaw . The statistical analysis showed that the incidence of pain at TMJ and moderate and severe temporalis muscle atrophy was observed , comparing MC and IF , and there were significant differences among these ones , being greater in IF group . We concluded that both techniques permit equivalent access to the studied intracranial aneurysm -LRB- s -RRB- , and the atrophy of temporalis muscle , pain and movement limitations of the temporomandibularis joint were prevalent , worse and more long-lasting in two-layers flap dieresis than in one-layer flap dieresis .
To study the rate of ileus symptoms and hospital course of women who are offered solid food shortly after cesarean delivery . This study involved women delivered by cesarean under regional anesthesia . Exclusion criteria included general anesthesia , magnesium sulfate , intra-operative bowel injury or bowel surgery , or other conditions that precluded early feeding . Sixty women were assigned randomly to each method . The incidences of mild ileus symptoms and postoperative complications were similar in both groups ; however , the study did not have an adequate sample size to definitively assess safety concerns . Women in the early-fed group had shorter hospital stays -LRB- 49.5 + / - 12.7 hours versus 75.0 + / - 12.3 hours , P < .001 -RRB- , and shorter time intervals from surgery to bowel movement , 34.5 hours -LRB- interquartile range 25.3-48.8 -RRB- versus 51.0 -LRB- 43.3-62.0 -RRB- hours , P < .001 . In the early-fed group , women whose operative times exceeded 40 minutes were more likely to have symptoms of mild ileus . Early initiation of solid food after cesarean delivery appears to be well tolerated and may be associated with a shorter hospital stay . Early-fed women whose operations exceed 40 minutes may be more likely to have mild ileus symptoms .
Regression methods were used to select and score 12 items from the Medical Outcomes Study 36-Item Short-Form Health Survey -LRB- SF-36 -RRB- to reproduce the Physical Component Summary and Mental Component Summary scales in the general US population -LRB- n = 2,333 -RRB- . The resulting 12-item short-form -LRB- SF-12 -RRB- achieved multiple R squares of 0.911 and 0.918 in predictions of the SF-36 Physical Component Summary and SF-36 Mental Component Summary scores , respectively . Scoring algorithms from the general population used to score 12-item versions of the two components -LRB- Physical Components Summary and Mental Component Summary -RRB- achieved R squares of 0.905 with the SF-36 Physical Component Summary and 0.938 with SF-36 Mental Component Summary when cross-validated in the Medical Outcomes Study . Test-retest -LRB- 2-week -RRB- correlations of 0.89 and 0.76 were observed for the 12-item Physical Component Summary and the 12-item Mental Component Summary , respectively , in the general US population -LRB- n = 232 -RRB- . Twenty cross-sectional and longitudinal tests of empirical validity previously published for the 36-item short-form scales and summary measures were replicated for the 12-item Physical Component Summary and the 12-item Mental Component Summary , including comparisons between patient groups known to differ or to change in terms of the presence and seriousness of physical and mental conditions , acute symptoms , age and aging , self-reported 1-year changes in health , and recovery for depression . In 14 validity tests involving physical criteria , relative validity estimates for the 12-item Physical Component Summary ranged from 0.43 to 0.93 -LRB- median = 0.67 -RRB- in comparison with the best 36-item short-form scale . Average scores for the 2 summary measures , and those for most scales in the 8-scale profile based on the 12-item short-form , closely mirrored those for the 36-item short-form , although standard errors were nearly always larger for the 12-item short-form . The purpose of this paper is to discuss the results of a direct comparison of two instruments , the SF-12 health survey and the EuroQol Group 's EQ-5D , in a sample drawn from the adult US population . The data were collected via a survey instrument mailed to 1,800 subjects in the USA . The instrument contained the EQ-5D valuation questionnaire and the items of the SF-12 . In addition , the subjects were asked to provide demographic information , complete a depression screening item and to indicate if they had any of seven common chronic conditions . The usable response rate was 23.7 % . As was expected , the relationships were stronger between the EQ-5D functional dimensions and the PCS-12 and between the MCS-12 and the EQ-5D anxiety/depression dimension . The EQ-5D visual analogue scale -LRB- VAS -RRB- scores were positively correlated with both component scores ; r = 0.55 for PCS-12 and r = 0.41 for MCS-12 . The results of this investigation provide support for the validity of both the EQ-5D and the SF-12 as descriptive measures of health status . The measurements by both instruments behaved in patterns that were consistent with recognized sociodemographic differences in health status . The limitations of the dimensional structure of the EQ-5D were somewhat overcome by the use of the VAS , which may also be possible with a constructed index score based on explicit values derived from a general population . The SF-12 appeared to be more sensitive to differences associated with less severe morbidity . To develop and psychometrically test a brief patient-report instrument for measuring Shared Decision Making -LRB- SDM -RRB- in clinical encounters . We revised an existing instrument -LRB- Shared Decision Making Questionnaire ; SDM-Q -RRB- , including the generation of new items and changing the response format . A 9-item version -LRB- SDM-Q-9 -RRB- was developed and tested in a German primary care sample of 2351 patients via face validity ratings , investigation of acceptance , as well as factor and reliability analysis . Findings were cross-validated in a randomly selected subsample . The SDM-Q-9 showed face validity and high acceptance . Factor analysis revealed a clearly one-dimensional nature of the underlying construct . Both item difficulties and discrimination indices proved to be appropriate . Internal consistency yielded a Cronbach 's alpha of 0.938 in the test sample . The SDM-Q-9 is a reliable and well accepted instrument . Generalizability of the findings is limited by the elderly sample living in rural areas of Germany . While the current results are promising , further testing of criterion validity and administration in other populations is necessary . The SDM-Q-9 can be used in studies investigating the effectiveness of interventions aimed at the implementation of SDM and as a quality indicator in health services assessments . To develop and psychometrically assess the feasibility , reliability and validity of an assessment tool in which both doctor and patient perceptions of the communication that occurred in a single office visit are captured . Two 19-item -LRB- 5-point scale -RRB- questionnaires , with parallel content , were developed for doctor and patient completion following a visit . Both process and content were queried . Family doctors and specialists across Canada were recruited to provide data from 25 visits . We assessed feasibility by examining recruitment and percentages of people ` unable to assess ' each item . Evidence for validity was examined through exploratory factor analysis , the correlations between doctor and patient data and linear regression . Reliability was assessed through internal consistency reliability and generalisability coefficient analyses . Data from 1845 doctor-patient dyads -LRB- 91 doctors -RRB- showed similarly high ratings -LRB- > 4/5 -RRB- for both doctors and patients , with few unable-to-assess items . There were low correlations between items and questionnaires . The principle components analysis indicated 2 factors , process and content , accounting for 52 % and 7 % of the doctor variance and 60 % and 6 % of the patient variance , respectively . The linear regression showed that only gender
Each year , the American Cancer Society estimates the number of new cancer cases and deaths expected in the United States in the current year and compiles the most recent data on cancer incidence , mortality , and survival rates based on incidence data from the National Cancer Institute and mortality data from the National Center for Health Statistics . Incidence and mortality rates are age standardized to the 2000 US standard million population . A total of 1,368,030 new cancer cases and 563,700 deaths are expected in the United States in 2004 . Incidence rates stabilized among men from 1995 through 2000 but continued to increase among females by 0.4 % per year from 1987 through 2000 . Mortality rates have decreased by 1.5 % per year since 1992 among men , but have stabilized from 1998 through 2000 among women . Cancer death rates continued to decrease from the three major cancer sites in men -LRB- lung and bronchus , colon and rectum , and prostate -RRB- and from female breast and colorectal cancers in women . In analyses by race and ethnicity , African-American men and women have 40 % and 20 % higher death rates from all cancers combined compared with White men and women , respectively . Furthermore , minority populations are more likely to be diagnosed with advanced stage disease than are Whites . Progress in reducing the burden from cancer can be accelerated by applying existing cancer control knowledge into practice among all segments of the population . Several methods have been and are in use for assessing the in vitro sensitivity and resistance of an individual woman 's tumor cells . We report the predictive accuracy of an optimized chemoresponsiveness test . In a retrospective chart review of 18 women with late stage , papillary serous ovarian cancer undergoing 21 episodes of chemotherapy , we assessed the correlation between the results of this test , the ChemoFx Assays , and clinical response . The positive predictive value of the ChemoFx Assay was 63.6 % and the negative predictive value was 100 % . Survival curves among women with good vs. poor response on the chemoresponse test showed an early , albeit non-significant survival advantage among women whose tumors tested sensitive to the chemotherapeutic regimens used . This study suggests that optimized chemoresponse assays may be beneficial in selecting specific chemotherapy regimens for women with ovarian cancer . The aims of this study were to define the specific parameters of the ATP chemosensitivity assay which most accurately predict a patient 's clinical response to chemotherapeutic agents in epithelial ovarian cancer and to assess the clinical utility of the ATP assay . In our laboratory from 1992 to 1994 , fresh tumor specimens from patients with epithelial ovarian carcinomas were assayed with the ATP chemosensitivity assay -LRB- ATP-CSA -RRB- for their in vitro responses to several chemotherapeutic agents including cisplatin , paclitaxel , and cyclophosphamide . Clinical data on 161 of those patients including all follow-up assessments were then collected , and an investigator blinded to the in vitro assay results determined the patients ' responses to chemotherapy . In order to determine which parameter of the assay was the best predictor of clinical response for each drug , receiver-operator characteristic -LRB- ROC -RRB- curves were constructed for several parameters , including the amount of cell kill at particular dosage levels of drug , the slope of the dose-response curve , and the IC50 , or the average concentration of drug at which 50 % of the cells were nonviable . The specific parameter of the ATP-CSA which was most predictive of clinical response differed for each drug tested . The resulting positive predictive values for cisplatin , cyclophosphamide , and paclitaxel ranged from 70.0 to 78.3 % and negative predictive values from 46.2 to 60.9 % , with overall ATP-CSA positive and negative predictive values of 83.0 and 56.5 % . Overall , patients whose tumors tested sensitive to an agent in vitro were almost twice as likely -LRB- 83 % versus 43 % -RRB- to show a clinical response -LRB- RR 1.91 , 95 % CI 1.34-2.71 -RRB- . Analysis of the ROC curves in this study shows that different parameters of the ATP-CSA need to be utilized for each drug tested in order to give the best prediction of clinical chemosensitivity . Although the ATP-CSA shows predictive ability , routine use of the ATP-CSA for clinical selection of drug therapy in patients with epithelial ovarian cancer would not be warranted without a prospective study comparing chemotherapy treatment based on assay results versus clinician selection of drug . The large number of active combination chemotherapy regimens for the treatment of gastrointestinal cancers has led to the need for better information to guide the `` standard '' treatment for each patient . In an attempt to individualize therapy , pharmacogenomics evaluates the hereditary basis for interindividual differences in drug response . This report will focus on the results of studies assessing the effects of polymorphisms in drug-metabolizing enzymes and drug targets on the toxicity and response to chemotherapy drugs commonly used to treat gastrointestinal malignancies .
A recent surge in knee replacements is assumed to be due to aging and increased obesity of the U.S. population . To assess whether age , obesity , and change in radiographic knee osteoarthritis explain the trend in knee pain and osteoarthritis . Cross-sectional , using data from 6 NHANES -LRB- National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey -RRB- surveys between 1971 and 2004 and from 3 examination periods in the FOA -LRB- Framingham Osteoarthritis -RRB- Study between 1983 through 2005 . U.S. population . NHANES participants -LRB- white or African American ; aged 60 to 74 years -RRB- and FOA Study participants -LRB- mostly white ; aged ≥ 70 years -RRB- were included . In the FOA Study , participants were asked about knee pain and had bilateral weight-bearing anteroposterior knee radiography to define radiographic knee osteoarthritis . Radiographic evidence and self-reported pain were used to define symptomatic knee osteoarthritis . The age - and age - and body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- - adjusted prevalences of knee pain and osteoarthritis at later examinations were compared with that of earlier examinations by using the ratio of the prevalence estimates . Age - and BMI-adjusted prevalence of knee pain increased by about 65 % in NHANES from 1974 to 1994 among non-Hispanic white and Mexican American men and women and among African American women . In the FOA Study , the age - and BMI-adjusted prevalence of knee pain and symptomatic knee osteoarthritis approximately doubled in women and tripled in men over 20 years . No such trend was observed in the prevalence of radiographic knee osteoarthritis in FOA Study participants . After age adjustment , additional adjustment for BMI resulted in a 10 % to 25 % decrease in the prevalence ratios for knee pain and symptomatic knee osteoarthritis . Differences in sampling of FOA Study participants over time or birth cohort effects can not be ruled out as possible explanations of the increased reporting of knee pain . Increases in prevalence at the last interval in the FOA Study might be due to differences in cohort membership by interval . Results suggest that the prevalence of knee pain has increased substantially over 20 years , independent of age and BMI . Obesity accounted for only part of this increase . Symptomatic knee osteoarthritis increased but radiographic knee osteoarthritis did not . American College of Rheumatology Research and Education Foundation and National Institutes of Health . The FOA Study was funded by the National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute -LRB- for the parent Framingham Heart Study -RRB- , National Institute on Aging , and National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases -LRB- FOA Study -RRB- , National Institutes of Health . To study the prevalence of persistent post-surgical pain -LRB- PPSP -RRB- and neuropathic pain -LRB- NP -RRB- after total knee replacement -LRB- TKR -RRB- . MEDLINE and Embase databases were searched for articles published until December 2014 in English language . Published articles were included if they referred to pain that lasts at least 3 mo after primary TKR for knee osteoarthritis , and measured pain with pain specific instruments . Studies that referred to pain caused by septic reasons and implant malalignment were excluded . Both prospective and retrospective studies were included and only 14 studies that match the inclusion criteria were selected for this review . The included studies were characterized by the heterogeneity on the scales used to measure pain and pre-operative factors related to PPSP and NP . The reported prevalence of PPSP and NP seems to be relatively high , but it varies among different studies . There is also evidence that the prevalence of post-surgical pain is related to the scale used for pain measurement . The prevalence of PPSP is ranging at 6 mo from 16 % to 39 % and at 12 mo from 13.1 % to 23 % and even 38 % of the patients . The prevalence of NP at 6 mo post-operatively is ranging from 5.2 % to 13 % . Pre-operative factors related to the development of PPSP also differ , including emotional functioning , such as depression and pain catastrophizing , number of comorbidities , pain problems elsewhere and operations in knees with early grade of osteoarthritis . No firm conclusions can be reached regarding the prevalence of PPSP and NP and the related factors due to the heterogeneity of the studies . The prevalence of persistent pain after orthopaedic surgery has been the subject of only few studies and the risk factors for persistent pain have been evaluated even more rarely . The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the degree and the risk factors of persistent pain after knee arthroplasty . The prevalence of persistent postoperative pain after knee replacement was evaluated with a questionnaire in a large , register-based cross-sectional prevalence study . The main hypothesis was that the type of operation -LRB- primary , bilateral , revision -RRB- would influence the prevalence of persistent postoperative pain . Logistic regression analysis was performed to test the hypothesis and to find other possible risk factors for the development of persistent pain . The total number of patients was 855 . The operation was a primary arthroplasty in 648 patients -LRB- 75.7 % -RRB- , a bilateral arthroplasty in 137 patients -LRB- 21.1 % -RRB- and a revision arthroplasty in 70 patients -LRB- 8.2 % -RRB- . The response rate was 65.7 % . The type of operation was not associated with the prevalence of persistent pain , but the degree of early postoperative pain was the strongest risk factor . If the degree of pain during the first postoperative week was from moderate to intolerable , the risk for the development of persistent pain was three to 10 times higher compared with patients complaining of mild pain during the same period . Other risk factors were the long duration of preoperative pain and female sex . Intensity
The aim of this study was to determine factors that are associated with adherence to the Canadian nutrition support clinical practice guidelines -LRB- CPGs -RRB- . We conducted a secondary analysis of data from a prospective observational cohort study of nutrition support practices in 58 intensive care units -LRB- ICUs -RRB- across Canada , grouped into 50 clusters . Adequacy of enteral nutrition -LRB- EN -RRB- -LRB- energy received from EN / energy prescribed by the dietitian x 100 -RRB- , was used as a marker of adherence to the guidelines . We applied hierarchical modeling techniques to examine the impact of various hospital , ICU , and patient factors on EN adequacy . The overall average EN adequacy was 51.3 % -LRB- SE , 1.8 % -RRB- . Specific hospital , ICU , and patient characteristics influence adherence to the Canadian nutrition support CPGs . Further research is required to illuminate the mechanisms by which female and surgical patients and community hospitals lead to lower guideline adherence . The Canadian Nutrition Support Clinical Practice Guidelines -LRB- CPGs -RRB- , published in 2003 , were designed to improve nutrition support practices in intensive care units -LRB- ICUs -RRB- . However , their impact to date has been modest . This study aimed to identify important barriers and enablers to implementation of these guidelines . Case studies were completed at 4 Canadian ICUs . Semistructured interviews were conducted with 7 key informants at each site . During the interviews , the key informants were asked about their perceptions of the barriers and enablers to implementation of the Canadian Nutrition Support CPGs . Interview transcripts were analyzed qualitatively , using a framework approach . Resistance to change , lack of awareness , lack of critical care experience , clinical condition of the patient , resource constraints , a slow administrative process , workload , numerous guidelines , complex recommendations , paucity of evidence , and outdated guidelines were cited as the main barriers to guideline implementation . Agreement of the ICU team , easy access to the guidelines , ease of application , incorporation into daily routine , education and training , the dietitian as an opinion leader , and open discussion were identified as the primary enabling factors . Although consistent across all sites , the influence of these factors seemed to differ by site and profession . Our findings suggest that implementation of the Canadian Nutrition Support CPGs is profoundly complex and is determined by practitioner , patient , institutional , and guideline factors . Further research is required to quantify the impact of each barrier and enabler and the mechanism by which they influence guideline adherence . Several clinical practice guidelines focusing on nutrition therapy in mechanically ventilated , critically ill patients are available to assist busy critical care practitioners in making decisions regarding feeding their patients . However , large gaps have been observed between guideline recommendations and actual practice . To be effective in optimizing nutrition practice , guideline development must be followed by systematic guideline implementation strategies . Systematic reviews of studies evaluating guideline implementation interventions outside the critical care setting found that these strategies , such as reminders , educational outreach , and audit and feedback , produce modest to moderate improvements in processes of care , with considerable variation observed both within and across studies . Unfortunately , the optimal strategies to implement guidelines in the intensive care unit are poorly understood , with scarce data available to guide our decisions on which strategies to use . The authors identified 3 cluster randomized trials evaluating the implementation of nutrition guidelines in the critical care setting . These studies demonstrated small improvements in nutrition practice , but no significant effect on patient outcomes . Adopting this tailored approach to guideline implementation in future studies may help bridge the current guideline-practice gap and lead to significant improvements in nutrition practices and patient outcomes . Clinical practice guidelines -LRB- CPGs -RRB- have been hailed as a useful method of translating evidence into practice . Several CPGs have been published that provide recommendations for feeding patients in the intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- . Despite a rigorous development process and active dissemination of these guidelines , their impact on nutrition practice has been modest . The purpose of this study was to develop a comprehensive framework for understanding adherence to nutrition CPGs in the critical care setting . Multiple case studies were completed at 4 Canadian ICUs . Semistructured interviews were conducted with 7 key informants at each ICU site who were asked about their perceptions and attitudes toward guidelines in general and the Canadian Critical Care Nutrition CPGs specifically . Interview transcripts and related documents were analyzed qualitatively using a framework approach . The 5 key components of the developed framework were characteristics of the CPGs , the implementation process , institutional factors , provider intent , and the clinical condition of the patient . These key themes encapsulate numerous itemized factors that contribute to guideline adherence either as barriers or enablers . Adherence to nutrition CPGs is determined by a complex interaction of multiple factors that act as barriers or enablers . The comprehensive framework for adherence to CPGs in the ICU attempts to elucidate this process and provides a useful template for future research . Future quality improvement initiatives should assess local barriers to change and design interventions to overcome these barriers .
Between January 1 , 1935 and December 31 , 1980 , adult polycystic kidney disease -LRB- APKD -RRB- was diagnosed in 40 residents of Olmsted County , Minnesota , resulting in an age - and sex-adjusted annual incidence rate of 1.38 / 100,000 person-years . In addition , 16 cases were detected at autopsy , increasing the rate to 2.06 . It is estimated that 16 additional cases would have been discovered had all deaths come to autopsy , resulting in a rate of 2.75 , or approximately twice the incidence rate of cases diagnosed during life . Because of improvements in medical care and diagnostic techniques , APKD has been diagnosed earlier and more frequently in the recent decades . This , along with therapeutic advances , explains the improvement in kidney and patient survival for the patients diagnosed during 1956-1980 , as compared to those diagnosed during 1935-1955 . Normotension at diagnosis tended to be associated with better kidney and/or patient survival . Cardiovascular disease was the leading cause of death . Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease is the most prevalent , potentially lethal , monogenic disorder . It is associated with large interfamilial and intrafamilial variability , which can be explained to a large extent by its genetic heterogeneity and modifier genes . An increased understanding of the disorder 's underlying genetic , molecular , and cellular mechanisms and a better appreciation of its progression and systemic manifestations have laid out the foundation for the development of clinical trials and potentially effective treatments . Cardiovascular problems are a major cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with autosomal-dominant polycystic kidney disease -LRB- ADPKD -RRB- . Hypertension is a common early symptom of ADPKD , and occurs in approximately 60 % of patients before renal function has become impaired . Hypertension is associated with an increased rate of progression to end-stage renal disease and is the most important potentially treatable variable in ADPKD . Left ventricular hypertrophy , which is a powerful , independent risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality , also occurs frequently in patients with ADPKD . These findings suggest that cardiovascular involvement starts very early in the course of ADPKD . Intracranial and extracranial aneurysms and cardiac valvular defects are other potential cardiovascular problems in patients with ADPKD .
Portal vein thrombosis -LRB- PVT -RRB- is a fairly common complication of liver cirrhosis . Importantly , occlusive PVT might influence the prognosis of patients with cirrhosis . Evidence from a randomized controlled trial has shown that anticoagulation can prevent the occurrence of PVT in patients with cirrhosis without prior PVT. Evidence from several case series has also demonstrated that anticoagulation can achieve portal vein recanalization in patients with cirrhosis and PVT. Early initiation of anticoagulation therapy and absence of previous portal hypertensive bleeding might be positively associated with a high rate of portal vein recanalization after anticoagulation . However , the possibility of spontaneous resolution of partial PVT questions the necessity of anticoagulation for the treatment of partial PVT. In addition , a relatively low recanalization rate of complete PVT after anticoagulation therapy suggests its limited usefulness in patients with complete PVT. Successful insertion of a transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt -LRB- TIPS -RRB- not only recanalizes the thrombosed portal vein , but also relieves the symptomatic portal hypertension . However , the technical difficulty of TIPS potentially limits its widespread application , and the risk and benefits should be fully balanced . Notably , current recommendations regarding the management of PVT in liver cirrhosis are insufficient owing to low-quality evidence . In cirrhosis , portal vein thrombosis -LRB- PVT -RRB- could be a cause or a consequence of the progression of liver disease . We analyzed data from a prospective trial of ultrasound screening for hepatocellular carcinoma in order to identify risk factors for and the impact of PVT in patients with cirrhosis . In all , 1,243 adults with cirrhosis without PVT were enrolled from 43 liver units in France and Belgium between June 2000 and March 2006 . The mean follow-up was 47 months . Doppler ultrasonography was used to check the portal vein . Progression of liver disease was defined by the development of : ascites , hepatic encephalopathy , variceal bleeding , prothrombin < 45 % , serum bilirubin > 45 μmol/L , albumin < 28 g/L , and/or creatinine > 115 μmol/L . G20210A prothrombin and factor V gene mutations were assessed in sera stored at three large centers . The 5-year cumulative incidence of PVT was 10.7 % . PVT was mostly partial and varied over time . The development of PVT was independently associated with baseline esophageal varices -LRB- P = 0.01 -RRB- and prothrombin time -LRB- P = 0.002 -RRB- , but not with disease progression before PVT , or prothrombotic mutations .
In the Working Formulation -LRB- WF -RRB- , non-Hodgkin 's lymphomas -LRB- NHL -RRB- are grouped according to their clinical behavior . These disorders are listed as entities defined by morphology , phenotype , and cytogenetics in the proposed Revised European-American Classification of Lymphoid Neoplasms -LRB- REAL -RRB- , the clinical relevance of which is still debated . We analyzed 670 NHL cases included in two randomized clinical trials -LRB- EORTC 20855 WF-intermediate/high-grade and 20856 WF-low-grade malignancy -RRB- with histologic material available for review . Based on hematoxylin-eosin-stained sections , 77 % of cases could be subtyped . Of 522 cases subtyped , 11 % were mantle cell lymphoma -LRB- MCL -RRB- , 5 % were marginal zone B-cell lymphoma -LRB- MZBCL -RRB- , 46 % were follicle center lymphoma , and 32 % were diffuse large B-cell lymphoma . Statistical analysis and comparisons between classifications were made only within each trial and treatment group . In terms of progression-free survival , MCL showed a behavior similar to the low-grade group , with frequent relapses . Follicle center cell lymphomas behaved as low-grade lymphomas as defined by the WF and diffuse large B-cell lymphomas as the WF-intermediate grade group .
The central and peripheral inflammatory response to surgery may influence patient outcomes . This study examines the time course and clinical relevance of changes in prostaglandin E2 and cytokines in cerebrospinal fluid , local tissue -LRB- surgical site -RRB- , and circulating blood during and after total hip replacement . Thirty osteoarthritis patients undergoing primary total hip arthroplasty with spinal anesthesia were randomly allocated to three groups -LRB- n = 10/group -RRB- : placebo for 4 days before surgery and on the morning of surgery ; placebo for 4 days before surgery and oral rofecoxib 50 mg on the morning of surgery ; oral rofecoxib 50 mg for 4 days before surgery and the morning of surgery . Cerebrospinal fluid and plasma were collected before surgery and up to 30 h after incision for measurement of prostaglandin E2 and interleukins . When hip replacement was complete , a drain was placed in the hip wound and exudates were collected at 3 to 30 h after incision . Cerebrospinal fluid showed an initial increase in interleukin 6 and a later rise in prostaglandin E2 concentration after surgery ; interleukin 1beta and tumor necrosis factor alpha were undetectable . Hip surgical site fluid evidenced an increase in prostaglandin E2 , interleukin 6 , interleukin 8 , and interleukin 1beta ; tumor necrosis factor alpha decreased at 24 and 30 h. Preoperative administration of the cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor rofecoxib reduced cerebrospinal fluid and surgical site prostaglandin E2 and cerebrospinal fluid interleukin 6 . Cerebrospinal fluid prostaglandin E2 was positively correlated with postoperative pain and cerebrospinal fluid interleukin 6 with sleep disturbance . These results suggest that upregulation of prostaglandin E2 and interleukin 6 at central sites is an important component of surgery induced inflammatory response in patients and may influence clinical outcome . The perioperative administration of selective cyclooxygenase-2 -LRB- COX-2 -RRB- - inhibitors to avoid postoperative pain is an attractive option : they show favorable gastro-intestinal tolerability , lack inhibition of blood coagulation , and carry a low risk of asthmatic attacks . The study was performed in a blinded , randomized , parallel group design . A total of 12 adult patients were included who received 120 mg etoricoxib -LRB- n = 8 -RRB- or placebo -LRB- n = 4 -RRB- on day 1 post-surgery . Samples from plasma , CSF , and tissue exudates were collected over a period of 24 h post-dosing and analyzed for etoricoxib and prostaglandin E -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- PGE -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry and immuno-assay techniques . CSF area under the curve -LRB- AUC -RRB- -LSB- AUCs -LRB- -LRB- O-24h -RRB- -RRB- -RSB- for etoricoxib amounted to about 5 % of the total AUC in plasma -LRB- range : 2-7 % -RRB- . Individual CSF lag times with respect to -LRB- 50 % -RRB- peak plasma concentration were < / = 2 h in all but one case -LRB- median : 1 h -RRB- . PGE -LRB- 2 -RRB- production in tissue was significantly blocked by the COX-2 inhibitor starting with the appearance of etoricoxib in tissue and lasting for the whole observation period of 24 h -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- . In conclusion , etoricoxib reaches the CSF and site of surgery at effective concentrations and reduces PGE -LRB- 2 -RRB- production at the presumed site of action .
The study was designed to evaluate the clinical use of the NobelGuide -LRB- ™ -RRB- concept over a follow-up period of 12 months with respect to implant success and survival rates , development of soft tissue condition and recording of potential surgical and prosthetic complications . In addition , radiological assessment of peri-implant bone levels was performed at the 1-year follow-up post-implant placement . Thirty patients -LRB- male/female = 15/15 -RRB- with partially dentate and edentulous mandibles and maxillae were included . All patients were planned and operated on using the computer-aided , template-guided treatment concept NobelGuide -LRB- ™ -RRB- . Overall , 163 implants -LRB- NobelReplace -LRB- ® -RRB- Tapered Groovy -RRB- were placed -LRB- mandible/maxilla = 107/56 implants -RRB- . Recall appointments were performed after 1-2 weeks , 1 , 3 , 6 and 12 months after implant placement . Clinical parameters of the soft tissue conditions -LSB- e.g. bleeding on probing -LRB- BoP -RRB- , pocket probing depth ≥ 3 mm -LRB- PPD -RRB- , marginal plaque index -LRB- mPI -RRB- -RSB- and the dentist 's esthetic and functional evaluation using a visual analogue scale -LRB- VAS -RRB- were documented . Marginal bone level was evaluated on radiographs made at implant insertion and at the 1-year follow-up . All 30 patients with 161 implants completed the 1-year follow-up resulting in a cumulative survival rate of 98.8 % -LRB- two implant losses -RRB- . Clinical parameters improved in a majority of the implants . The mean marginal bone level at implant insertion and at 1-year follow-up was reported with 0.17 mm -LRB- SD 1.24 ; n = 125 -RRB- and -1.39 mm -LRB- SD 1.27 ; n = 110 -RRB- , respectively . Immediate or delayed loading of implants using a flapless , guided surgery approach -LRB- NobelGuide -LRB- ™ -RRB- -RRB- appears to be a viable concept demonstrating good clinical and radiographic outcomes at the 1-year time point . To examine the accuracy of computer-guided implantation using a human cadaver model with reduced experimental variability . Twenty-eight -LRB- 28 -RRB- dental implants representing 12 clinical cases were placed in four cadaver heads using a static guided implantation template . All planning and surgeries were performed by one clinician . All radiographs and measurements were performed by two examiners . The distance of the implants from buccal and lingual bone and mesial implant or tooth was analyzed at the apical and coronal levels , and measurements were compared to the planned values . No significant differences were seen between planned and implanted measurements . Average deviation of an implant from its planning radiograph was 0.8 mm , which is within the range of variability expected from CT analysis . Guided implantation can be used safely with a margin of error of 1 mm . The aim of the present study was to evaluate the in vivo accuracy of flapless , computer-aided implant placement by comparing the three-dimensional -LRB- 3D -RRB- position of planned and placed implants through an analysis of linear and angular deviations . Implant position was virtually planned using 3D planning software based on the functional and aesthetic requirements of the final restorations . Computer-aided design/computer-assisted manufacture technology was used to transfer the virtual plan to the surgical environment . The 3D position of the planned and placed implants , in terms of the linear deviations of the implant head and apex and the angular deviations of the implant axis , was compared by overlapping the pre - and postoperative computed tomography scans using dedicated software . The comparison of 14 implants showed a mean linear deviation of the implant head of 0.56 mm -LRB- standard deviation -LSB- SD -RSB- , 0.23 -RRB- , a mean linear deviation of the implant apex of 0.64 mm -LRB- SD , 0.29 -RRB- , and a mean angular deviation of the long axis of 2.42 ° -LRB- SD , 1.02 -RRB- . In the present study , computer-aided flapless implant surgery seemed to provide several advantages to the clinicians as compared to the standard procedure ; however , linear and angular deviations are to be expected . Therefore , accurate presurgical planning taking into account anatomical limitations and prosthetic demands is mandatory to ensure a predictable treatment , without incurring possible intra - and postoperative complications .
The etiology is unknown but likely stems from the damage of vascular endothelium . Markers of clotting cascade activation such as AT III may be useful in the hypertensive preterm patient in whom the diagnosis is unclear . One hundred women with severe preeclampsia or chronic hypertension with superimposed preeclampsia were seen during a 2-year period . Fifty women had platelet counts below 150,000 / microL , of whom 13 had a fibrinogen level below 300 mg/dL and two had a prolonged prothrombin time -LRB- PT -RRB- or partial thromboplastin time -LRB- PTT -RRB- . The admission platelet count was an excellent predictor of subsequent thrombocytopenia -LRB- r = 0.829 , P less than .001 -RRB- . No subject had an abnormal fibrinogen level or prolonged PT or PTT in the absence of thrombocytopenia . When monitoring intrapartum coagulation indices in preeclampsia , one can safely follow only the platelet count at admission and subsequently , reserving PT and PTT and fibrinogen levels for those cases complicated by counts less than 100,000 / microL .
The Safety of Estrogens in Lupus Erythematosus : National Assessment -LRB- SELENA -RRB- version of the Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index -LRB- SLEDAI -RRB- and British Isles Lupus Assessment Group -LRB- BILAG -RRB- SLE disease activity instruments , the Short Form 36 health survey , and biomarker analyses were used to create a novel SRI . Response to treatment in a subset of 321 serologically active SLE patients -LRB- antinuclear antibodies > / = 1:80 and/or anti-double-stranded DNA antibodies > / = 30 IU/ml -RRB- at baseline was retrospectively evaluated using the SRI . SRI response is defined as 1 -RRB- a > / = 4-point reduction in SELENA-SLEDAI score , 2 -RRB- no new BILAG A or no more than 1 new BILAG B domain score , and 3 -RRB- no deterioration from baseline in the physician 's global assessment by > / = 0.3 points . SRI responses were independent of baseline autoantibody subtype .
Ventilator-associated pneumonia -LRB- VAP -RRB- is the most common nosocomial infection in critically ill patients . The clinical and economic consequences of VAP are unclear , with a broad range of values reported in the literature To perform a systematic review to determine the incidence of VAP and its attributable mortality rate , length of stay , and costs . Computerized PUBMED and MEDLINE search supplemented by manual searches for relevant articles , limited to articles published after 1990 . English-language observational studies and randomized trials that provided data on the incidence of VAP were included . Matched cohort studies were included for calculation of attributable mortality rate and length of stay . Data were extracted on patient population , diagnostic criteria for VAP , incidence , outcome , type of intensive care unit , and study design . The cumulative incidence of VAP was calculated by combining the results of several studies using standard formulas for combining proportions , in which the weighted average and variance are calculated . Results from studies comparing intensive care unit and hospital mortality due to VAP , additional length of stay , and additional days of mechanical ventilation were pooled using a random effects model , with assessment of heterogeneity . Our findings indicate a -RRB- between 10 % and 20 % of patients receiving > 48 hrs of mechanical ventilation will develop VAP ; b -RRB- critically ill patients who develop VAP appear to be twice as likely to die compared with similar patients without VAP -LRB- pooled odds ratio , 2.03 ; 95 % confidence interval , 1.16-3.56 -RRB- ; c -RRB- patients with VAP have significantly longer intensive care unit lengths of stay -LRB- mean = 6.10 days ; 95 % confidence interval , 5.32-6.87 days -RRB- ; and d -RRB- patients who develop VAP incur > or = USD $ 10,019 in additional hospital costs . Ventilator-associated pneumonia occurs in a considerable proportion of patients undergoing mechanical ventilation and is associated with substantial morbidity , a two-fold mortality rate , and excess cost . Given these findings , strategies that effectively prevent VAP are urgently needed . Ventilator-associated pneumonia -LRB- VAP -RRB- is a cause of morbidity and mortality in critically ill patients . It is associated with increased health care costs and duration of mechanical ventilation . Using published data and information from public health care providers , we sought to determine the impact of VAP on the Canadian health care system . Ventilator-associated pneumonia incidence , attributable mortality , and intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- utilization/resource data were obtained through Canadian published and institutional data . Ontario case cost methodology was used for the cost of a critical care bed which is CAN dollars 2396 per day , excluding treatment costs . Antibiotic acquisition costs for Ontario were used . Physician reimbursement rates were obtained from the provincial ministries of health . Ventilator-associated pneumonia data , ICU resource data , and costs were combined to determine the impact of VAP . For the Canadian health care system ; ICU utilization is 217 episodes per 100000 population and 1150 days of mechanical ventilation per 100000 . The incidence of VAP is 10.6 cases per 1000 ventilator days -LRB- 95 % CI , 5.1-16.1 -RRB- . Ventilator-associated pneumonia increases ICU length of stay 4.3 days -LRB- 95 % CI , 1.5-7.0 days -RRB- per episode . The attributable mortality of VAP is 5.8 % -LRB- 95 % CI , -2.4 to 14 -RRB- . The number of cases of VAP is estimated to be approximately 4000 cases per year -LRB- 95 % CI , 1900-6100 -RRB- . This results in 230 deaths per year with the lower and upper confidence intervals ranging from 0 to 580 . Ventilator-associated pneumonia accounts for approximately 17000 ICU days per year or around 2 % of all ICU days in Canada . The cost to the health care system is CAN dollars 46 million -LRB- possible range , dollars 10 million to 82 million -RRB- per year . The impact of VAP on the Canadian health care system is considerable . Eradication of this preventable nosocomial infection would save lives and conserve scarce health care resources . Ventilator-associated pneumonia -LRB- VAP -RRB- continues to complicate the course of 8 to 28 % of patients receiving mechanical ventilation -LRB- MV -RRB- . In contrast to infections of more frequently involved organs -LRB- e.g. , urinary tract and skin -RRB- , for which mortality is low , ranging from 1 to 4 % , the mortality rate for VAP ranges from 24 to 50 % and can reach 76 % in some specific settings or when lung infection is caused by high-risk pathogens . The predominant organisms responsible for infection are Staphylococcus aureus , Pseudomonas aeruginosa , and Enterobacteriaceae , but etiologic agents widely differ according to the population of patients in an intensive care unit , duration of hospital stay , and prior antimicrobial therapy . Because appropriate antimicrobial treatment of patients with VAP significantly improves outcome , more rapid identification of infected patients and accurate selection of antimicrobial agents represent important clinical goals . Our personal bias is that using bronchoscopic techniques to obtain protected brush and bronchoalveolar lavage specimens from the affected area in the lung permits physicians to devise a therapeutic strategy that is superior to one based only on clinical evaluation . When fiberoptic bronchoscopy is not available to physicians treating patients clinically suspected of having VAP , we recommend using either a simplified nonbronchoscopic diagnostic procedure or following a strategy in which decisions regarding antibiotic therapy are based on a clinical score constructed from seven variables . Selection of the initial antimicrobial therapy should be based on predominant flora responsible for VAP at each institution , clinical setting , information provided by direct examination of pulmonary secretions , and intrinsic antibacterial activities of antimicrobial agents and their pharmacokinetic characteristics . Further trials will be needed to clarify the
Observations in hemodialysis patients suggest a survival advantage associated with activated vitamin D therapy . Left ventricular -LRB- LV -RRB- structural and functional abnormalities are strongly linked with hemodialysis mortality . Here , we investigated whether paricalcitol -LRB- PC , 19-nor-1,25 -LRB- OH -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- D -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- , an activated vitamin D compound , attenuates the development of LV abnormalities in the Dahl salt-sensitive -LRB- DSS -RRB- rat and whether humans demonstrate comparable findings . Compared with DSS rats fed a high-salt -LRB- HS -RRB- diet -LRB- 6 % NaCl for 6 weeks -RRB- , HS+PC was associated with lower heart and lung weights , reduced LV mass , posterior wall thickness and end diastolic pressures , and increased fractional shortening . Blood pressures did not significantly differ between the HS groups . Plasma brain natriuretic peptide levels , and cardiac mRNA expression of brain natriuretic peptide , atrial natriuretic factor , and renin were significantly reduced in the HS+PC animals . Microarray analyses revealed 45 specific HS genes modified by PC . Elevated calcium and phosphorus levels after therapy with injectable vitamin D for secondary hyperparathyroidism may accelerate vascular disease and hasten death in patients undergoing long-term hemodialysis . Paricalcitol , a new vitamin D analogue , appears to lessen the elevations in serum calcium and phosphorus levels , as compared with calcitriol , the standard form of injectable vitamin D . We conducted a historical cohort study to compare the 36-month survival rate among patients undergoing long-term hemodialysis who started to receive treatment with paricalcitol -LRB- 29,021 patients -RRB- or calcitriol -LRB- 38,378 patients -RRB- between 1999 and 2001 . Crude and adjusted survival rates were calculated and stratified analyses were performed . A subgroup of 16,483 patients who switched regimens was also evaluated . The mortality rate among patients receiving paricalcitol was 3417 per 19,031 person-years -LRB- 0.180 per person-year -RRB- , as compared with 6805 per 30,471 person-years -LRB- 0.223 per person-year -RRB- among those receiving calcitriol -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . The difference in survival was significant at 12 months and increased with time -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . In the adjusted analysis , the mortality rate was 16 percent lower -LRB- 95 percent confidence interval , 10 to 21 percent -RRB- among paricalcitol-treated patients than among calcitriol-treated patients . A significant survival benefit was evident in 28 of 42 strata examined , and in no stratum was calcitriol favored . At 12 months , calcium and phosphorus levels had increased by 6.7 and 11.9 percent , respectively , in the paricalcitol group , as compared with 8.2 and 13.9 percent , respectively , in the calcitriol group -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . The two-year survival rate among patients who switched from calcitriol to paricalcitol was 73 percent , as compared with 64 percent among those who switched from paricalcitol to calcitriol -LRB- P = 0.04 -RRB- . Patients who receive paricalcitol while undergoing long-term hemodialysis appear to have a significant survival advantage over those who receive calcitriol . A prospective , randomized study is critical to confirm these findings .
Oxidative stress plays an important role in the pathophysiology of sickle cell disease -LRB- SCD -RRB- . Plasma levels of advanced glycation end products -LRB- AGEs -RRB- are increased under oxidative conditions and are associated with disease severity in diabetes and inflammatory diseases . We investigated whether AGEs are increased in sickle cell patients and whether they are associated with SCD-related complications . Plasma levels of the AGEs pentosidine , N -LRB- ε -RRB- - -LRB- carboxymethyl -RRB- lysine -LRB- CML -RRB- and N -LRB- ε -RRB- - -LRB- carboxyethyl -RRB- lysine -LRB- CEL -RRB- were measured using single-column high performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection -LRB- pentosidine -RRB- and ultra performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry -LRB- CML and CEL -RRB- . Plasma levels of pentosidine and CML were increased in HbSS/HbSβ ⁰ - thalassaemia -LRB- n = 60 -RRB- and HbSC/HbSβ -LRB- + -RRB- - thalassaemia -LRB- n = 42 -RRB- patients during steady state as compared to healthy HbAA controls -LRB- n = 30 -RRB- without increments during painful crisis . CEL levels were comparable between all groups . Pentosidine and CML levels correlated significantly to haemolytic rate during the clinically asymptomatic state while pentosidine was significantly related to the number of haemolysis-related organ complications . The increased plasma AGE levels in sickle cell patients and their association with haemolysis and haemolysis-related complications suggest AGEs might be implicated in the pathophysiology of the haemolytic phenotype of SCD . Measurement of AGEs might be useful in predicting organ complications in SCD . Sickle cell disease -LRB- SCD -RRB- is a hemoglobinopathy characterized by hemolytic anemia , increased susceptibility to infections and vaso-occlusion leading to a reduced quality of life and life expectancy . Oxidative stress is an important feature of SCD and plays a significant role in the pathophysiology of hemolysis , vaso-occlusion and ensuing organ damage in sickle cell patients . Reactive oxygen species -LRB- ROS -RRB- and the -LRB- end - -RRB- products of their oxidative reactions are potential markers of disease severity and could be targets for antioxidant therapies . This review will summarize the role of ROS in SCD and their potential implication for SCD management . Erythrocytes are both an important source and target of reactive oxygen species in sickle cell disease . Levels of glutathione , a major antioxidant , have been shown to be decreased in sickle erythrocytes and the mechanism leading to this deficiency is not known yet . Detoxification of reactive oxygen species involves the oxidation of reduced glutathione -LRB- GSH -RRB- into glutathione-disulfide -LRB- GSSG -RRB- which is actively transported out of erythrocyte . We questioned whether under oxidative conditions , GSSG efflux is increased in sickle erythrocytes . Intra - and extracellular concentrations of GSH and GSSG were measured at baseline and during 210-minute 2,3-dimethoxy-l ,4-naphthoquinone stimulation . In contrast to control erythrocytes , where GSH concentrations remained unchanged -LRB- 176 ± 8.4 μmol/l vs. 163 ± 13.6 μmol/l , NS -RRB- , GSH in sickle erythrocytes decreased significantly -LRB- from 167 ± 8.8 μmol/l to 111 ± 11.8 μmol/l , P < 0.01 -RRB- after 210-minute 2,3-dimethoxy-l ,4-naphthoquinone stimulation . Adding multidrug resistance-associated protein-1 inhibitor -LRB- MK571 -RRB- to erythrocytes blocked GSSG efflux in both sickle and normal erythrocytes . GSSG efflux , mediated by multidrug resistance-associated protein-1 , is increased in sickle erythrocytes , resulting in net loss of intracellular glutathione and possibly higher susceptibility to oxidative stress . Oxidative stress is of importance in the pathophysiology of sickle cell disease -LRB- SCD -RRB- . In this open label randomized pilot study the effects of oral N-acetylcysteine -LRB- NAC -RRB- on phosphatidylserine -LRB- PS -RRB- expression as marker of cellular oxidative damage -LRB- primary end point -RRB- , and markers of hemolysis , coagulation and endothelial activation and NAC tolerability -LRB- secondary end points -RRB- were studied . Eleven consecutive patients -LRB- ten homozygous -LSB- HbSS -RSB- sickle cell patients , one HbSβ -LRB- 0 -RRB- - thalassemia patient -RRB- were randomly assigned to treatment with either 1,200 or 2,400 mg NAC daily during 6 weeks . The data indicate an increment in whole blood glutathione levels and a decrease in erythrocyte outer membrane phosphatidylserine exposure , plasma levels of advanced glycation end-products -LRB- AGEs -RRB- and cell-free hemoglobin after 6 weeks of NAC treatment in both dose groups . One patient did not tolerate the 2,400 mg dose and continued with the 1,200 mg dose . During the study period , none of the patients experienced painful crises or other significant SCD or NAC related complications . These data indicate that N-acetylcysteine treatment of sickle cell patients may reduce SCD related oxidative stress . Tissue accumulation of advanced glycation end-products -LRB- AGEs -RRB- has been implicated in the oxidant-induced vascular pathology of diabetes and other diseases . Because homozygous sickle cell anaemia -LRB- SCA -RRB- is a state of oxidative stress , we tested the hypothesis that circulating AGE levels are elevated in SCA . Blood was obtained from age - and race-matched children classified as either non-sickle cell controls , SCA without vaso-occlusive crisis -LRB- SCA - VOC -RRB- , or SCA with vaso-occlusive crisis -LRB- SCA + VOC -RRB- . Plasma and red blood cell -LRB- RBC -RRB- AGE levels were measured by immunoassay . RBC levels of reduced -LRB- GSH -RRB- and oxidized -LRB- GSSG -RRB- glutathione were measured by capillary electrophoresis as an indicator of endogenous antioxidant status . The results showed that plasma AGE levels and the rate of RBC AGE accumulation were significantly higher in patients with SCA compared with controls . GSH was not different between groups but was significantly inversely correlated with plasma AGEs in both controls and patients with SCA . GSSG was significantly lower and GSH/GSSG higher in SCA + VOC patients , suggesting that GSH/GSSG might be an objective indicator of acute VOC or a risk factor for VOC . We conclude that circulating AGE levels are strongly influenced by endogenous antioxidant status and
Random effects meta-analysis was used to pool c-statistics of models . We identified 75 articles describing 74 models predicting CI-AKI , 10 predicting CI-AKI and dialysis , and 1 predicting dialysis . Sixty-three developed a new risk model whereas 20 articles reported external validation of previously developed models . Thirty models included sufficient information to obtain individual patient risk estimates ; 9 using only preprocedure variables whereas 21 included preprocedural and postprocedure variables . There was heterogeneity in the discrimination of CI-AKI prediction models -LRB- median -LSB- total range -RSB- in c-statistic 0.78 -LSB- 0.57-0.95 -RSB- ; I <sup> 2 </sup> = 95.8 % , Cochran Q-statistic P < 0.001 -RRB- . However , there was no difference in the discrimination of models using only preprocedure variables compared with models that included postprocedural variables -LRB- P = 0.868 -RRB- . Models predicting dialysis had good discrimination without heterogeneity -LRB- median -LSB- total range -RSB- c-statistic : 0.88 -LSB- 0.87-0.89 -RSB- ; I <sup> 2 </sup> = 0.0 % , Cochran Q-statistic P = 0.981 -RRB- . Seven prediction models were externally validated ; however , 2 of these models showed heterogeneous discriminative performance and 2 others lacked information on calibration in external cohorts . Three published models were identified that produced generalizable risk estimates for predicting CI-AKI .
Each year , the American Cancer Society estimates the number of new cancer cases and deaths expected in the United States in the current year and compiles the most recent data on cancer incidence , mortality , and survival rates based on incidence data from the National Cancer Institute and mortality data from the National Center for Health Statistics . Incidence and mortality rates are age standardized to the 2000 US standard million population . A total of 1,368,030 new cancer cases and 563,700 deaths are expected in the United States in 2004 . Incidence rates stabilized among men from 1995 through 2000 but continued to increase among females by 0.4 % per year from 1987 through 2000 . Mortality rates have decreased by 1.5 % per year since 1992 among men , but have stabilized from 1998 through 2000 among women . Cancer death rates continued to decrease from the three major cancer sites in men -LRB- lung and bronchus , colon and rectum , and prostate -RRB- and from female breast and colorectal cancers in women . In analyses by race and ethnicity , African-American men and women have 40 % and 20 % higher death rates from all cancers combined compared with White men and women , respectively . Cancer incidence and mortality rates are lower in other racial and ethnic groups than in Whites and African Americans for all sites combined and for the four major cancer sites . However , these groups generally have higher rates for stomach , liver , and cervical cancers than do Whites . Furthermore , minority populations are more likely to be diagnosed with advanced stage disease than are Whites . Progress in reducing the burden from cancer can be accelerated by applying existing cancer control knowledge into practice among all segments of the population . The epidermal growth factor receptor -LRB- EGFR -RRB- is a tyrosine kinase receptor of the ErbB family that is abnormally activated in many epithelial tumors . Receptor activation leads to recruitment and phosphorylation of several downstream intracellular substrates , leading to mitogenic signaling and other tumor-promoting cellular activities . In human tumors , receptor overexpression correlates with a more aggressive clinical course . Taken together , these observations indicate that the EGFR is a promising target for cancer therapy . Monoclonal antibodies directed at the ligand-binding extracellular domain and low-molecular weight inhibitors of the receptor 's tyrosine kinase are currently in advanced stages of clinical development . These agents prevent ligand-induced receptor activation and downstream signaling , which results in cell cycle arrest , promotion of apoptosis , and inhibition of angiogenesis . They also enhance the antitumor effects of chemotherapy and radiation therapy . In patients , anti-EGFR agents can be given safely at doses that fully inhibit receptor signaling , and single-agent activity has been observed against a variety of tumor types , including colon carcinoma , non-small-cell lung cancer , head and neck cancer , ovarian carcinoma , and renal cell carcinoma . Although antitumor activity is significant , responses have been seen in only a minority of the patients treated . In some clinical trials , anti-EGFR agents enhanced the effects of conventional chemotherapy and radiation therapy . Ongoing research efforts are directed at the selection of patients with EGFR-dependent tumors , identification of the differences among the various classes of agents , and new clinical development strategies . To determine the expression of epidermal growth factor receptor -LRB- EGFR -RRB- in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma and to evaluate its prognostic value . EGFR was determined in tumor biopsies obtained from 109 consecutive patients with head and neck cancer -LRB- 100 men , nine women -RRB- . Control biopsies were obtained from 94 patients in a symetric nontumoral area of the same anatomic site . EGFR was measured by a binding assay using human recombinant iodine 125-EGF . The presence of detectable EGFR levels was found in all explored tumors with highly marked differences between patients -LRB- median , 71 fmol/mg protein ; range , 2 to 2,302 -RRB- . In 93 of 94 cases , EGFR levels were higher in tumor samples as compared with healthy control zones . There was no significant difference in EGFR expression according to the various anatomic sites explored or tumoral differentiation status . There was a significant difference of distribution for EGFR levels between stages I and II tumors and stages III and IV tumors . The tumor EGFR levels were not linked to the response to first-line chemotherapy by cisplatin -LRB- CDDP -RRB- and fluorouracil -LRB- 5FU -RRB- . Survival was assessable for 103 patients for overall survival and for 81 patients for recurrence . EGFR overexpression was associated with shorter relapse-free -LRB- P = .0125 -RRB- and overall survival -LRB- P = .028 -RRB- rates . By multivariate analysis , the only significant variable was EGFR for relapse-free survival and tumor staging for overall survival . The association of EGFR to tumor staging markedly improves the significance for overall survival predictability -LRB- P = .002 -RRB- . EGFR determination deserves particular attention in head and neck cancer , since it independently carries a strong prognostic value . A correlative study was performed to address the impact of epidermal growth factor receptor -LRB- EGFR -RRB- overexpression on survival and pattern of failure in patients with advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinomas -LRB- HNSCCs -RRB- enrolled in a Phase III trial and randomized to receive conventional radiotherapy . The study population comprised 155 of 268 -LRB- 58 % -RRB- randomized patients with sufficient pretreatment biopsy specimens for immunohistochemical assay . The specimens were dewaxed and incubated after standard preparation with mouse monoclonal antibodies recognizing the extracellular domain of the EGFR molecule . The catalyzed product was visualized with 3,3 ' - diaminobenzidine Chromogen Kit and lightly counterstained with Mayer 's hematoxylin . Quantitative EGFR immunohistochemistry -LRB- IHC -RRB- was done with SAMBA 4000 Cell Image Analysis System , without knowledge
Insulin resistance is associated with low testosterone -LRB- T -RRB- levels in men , the mechanism of which is unclear . Thus , the aim of this study was to evaluate the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis in men with a spectrum of insulin sensitivity . Twenty-one men -LRB- aged 25-65 yr -RRB- had a glucose tolerance test and assessment of insulin sensitivity using a hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp . Insulin sensitivity , expressed as the M value -LRB- milligrams per kilograms -LRB- -1 -RRB- per minute -LRB- -1 -RRB- -RRB- , was calculated from the glucose disposal rate during the final 30 min of the clamp . Eighteen subjects had blood sampling every 10 min for 12 h to assess LH pulsatility . Hypogonadism was then induced with a GnRH antagonist , followed by sequential stimulation testing with GnRH -LRB- 750 ng/kg , iv -RRB- and human chorionic gonadotropin -LRB- hCG ; 1000 IU , im -RRB- to assess pituitary and testicular responsiveness , respectively . Nine subjects had normal glucose tolerance , nine had impaired glucose tolerance , and three had diabetes mellitus . There was a positive relationship between M and T levels -LRB- r = 0.46 ; P < 0.05 -RRB- . No relationship was seen between M and parameters of LH secretion , including mean LH levels , LH pulse amplitude , LH pulse frequency , and LH response to exogenous GnRH administration . In contrast , a strong correlation was observed between M and the T response to hCG -LRB- r = 0.73 ; P < 0.005 -RRB- . Baseline T levels correlated with the increase in T after hCG administration -LRB- r = 0.47 ; P < 0.05 -RRB- . During the clamp , T levels increased from a baseline level of 367 + / - 30 to 419 + / - 38 ng/dl during the last 30 min -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . From these data we conclude that insulin resistance is associated with a decrease in Leydig cell T secretion in men . Additional studies are required to determine the mechanism of this effect . The goal of this study was to examine the relationship between serum testosterone levels and insulin sensitivity and mitochondrial function in men . A total of 60 men -LRB- mean age 60.5 + / - 1.2 years -RRB- had a detailed hormonal and metabolic evaluation . Insulin sensitivity was measured using a hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp . Mitochondrial function was assessed by measuring maximal aerobic capacity -LRB- V -LRB- O2max -RRB- -RRB- and expression of oxidative phosphorylation genes in skeletal muscle . A total of 45 % of subjects had normal glucose tolerance , 20 % had impaired glucose tolerance , and 35 % had type 2 diabetes . Testosterone levels also correlated with V -LRB- O2max -RRB- -LRB- r = 0.43 , P < 0.05 -RRB- and oxidative phosphorylation gene expression -LRB- r = 0.57 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- . These data indicate that low serum testosterone levels are associated with an adverse metabolic profile and suggest a novel unifying mechanism for the previously independent observations that low testosterone levels and impaired mitochondrial function promote insulin resistance in men .
This study examined whether physicians with varying carotid stent experience would obtain safety and efficacy outcomes as good as those from the pivotal SAPPHIRE trial following participation in a comprehensive carotid stent training program . This study was performed as a condition of approval study for the PRECISE -LRB- R -RRB- Nitinol Stent and the ANGIOGUARD XP Emboli Capture Guidewire . Patients at high surgical risk who were either symptomatic with > or = 50 % stenosis or asymptomatic with > or = 80 % stenosis of the common or internal carotid artery received carotid artery stenting with distal emboli protection using the PRECISE Nitinol Stent and the ANGIOGUARD XP Emboli Capture Guidewire . The primary endpoint of major adverse events -LRB- MAE -RRB- at 30 days -LRB- death , myocardial infarction -LRB- MI -RRB- , or stroke -RRB- was tested for non-inferiority compared with an objective performance criterion -LRB- OPC -RRB- of 6.3 % established from the stent cohort of the SAPPHIRE trial . Asymptomatic patients -LRB- N = 1,158 , 78.2 % -RRB- had similar outcomes to the overall results -LRB- MAE 4.7 % -RRB- . Outcomes were similar across levels of physician experience , carotid stent volume , geographic location , presence/absence of training program . Utilizing a comprehensive training program , carotid artery stenting by operators with differing experience in a variety of practice settings yielded safety and efficacy outcomes similar to those reported in the SAPPHIRE trial .
Progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- was significantly longer for the lapatinib plus trastuzumab -LRB- L+T -RRB- arm than for L alone in a phase III , randomized , open-label study of women with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 positive metastatic breast cancer who had documented progression on at least one T-containing regimen in the metastatic setting . This analysis focused on impact of treatments on health-related quality of life -LRB- HRQOL -RRB- . HRQOL was assessed using the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-Breast -LRB- FACT-B -RRB- questionnaire . Changes from baseline and time to deterioration were analyzed in the intent-to-treat population . Differences between the treatment arms in adjusted mean change from baseline favored the L+T arm , ranging from 0.0 to 4.1 -LRB- FACT-B -RRB- , 1.0-4.0 -LSB- Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-General -LRB- FACT-G -RRB- -RSB- , and 0.5-2.7 -LRB- Trial Outcome Index -RRB- . Similar results were found in a sensitivity analysis that included HRQOL records up to patient withdrawal from original randomized treatment . The addition of lapatinib to trastuzumab prolonged PFS while improving or maintaining near-term HRQOL , suggesting a meaningful clinical benefit to patients . Phase III EGF104900 data demonstrated that lapatinib plus trastuzumab significantly improved progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- and clinical benefit rate versus lapatinib monotherapy , offering a chemotherapy-free option for patients with heavily pretreated human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 -LRB- HER2 -RRB- - positive metastatic breast cancer -LRB- MBC -RRB- . Final planned overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- analysis from EGF104900 is reported here . Patients with HER2-positive MBC whose disease progressed during prior trastuzumab-based therapies were randomly assigned to receive lapatinib monotherapy or lapatinib in combination with trastuzumab . OS and updated PFS data are presented using Kaplan-Meier curves and log-rank tests stratified for hormone receptor and visceral disease status . Subgroup analyses were conducted to identify characteristics of patients deriving the greatest clinical benefit . In this updated final analysis of all patients randomly assigned with strata -LRB- n = 291 -RRB- , lapatinib plus trastuzumab continued to show superiority to lapatinib monotherapy in PFS -LRB- hazard ratio -LSB- HR -RSB- , 0.74 ; 95 % CI , 0.58 to 0.94 ; P = .011 -RRB- and offered significant OS benefit -LRB- HR , 0.74 ; 95 % CI , 0.57 to 0.97 ; P = .026 -RRB- . Improvements in absolute OS rates were 10 % at 6 months and 15 % at 12 months in the combination arm compared with the monotherapy arm . Multiple baseline factors , including Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 , nonvisceral disease , < three metastatic sites , and less time from initial diagnosis until random assignment , were associated with improved OS . Incidence of adverse events was consistent with previously reported rates . These data demonstrated a significant 4.5-month median OS advantage with the lapatinib and trastuzumab combination and support dual HER2 blockade in patients with heavily pretreated HER2-positive MBC .
A new hypoxic cell radiosensitiser , Ro 03-8799 has been administered intravenously to human volunteers and its kinetic parameters derived from plasma and urine data . Good penetration of drug into tumour tissue is found , consistent with its large volume of distribution . The plasma clearance of this compound is rapid due to high metabolic and renal clearances . These parameters combine to produce an elimination half-life of 5.6 h , approximately half that of misonidazole , a well studied radiosensitiser . It is hoped that this decrease in total body exposure will also reduce the cumulative toxicity seen when misonidazole is administered repeatedly . Hypoxia was largely confined to cells in regions with the least perfusion , although in tumors exhibiting transient blood flow , hypoxic cells were not as highly localized . Similarly , proliferation and hypoxia were mutually exclusive except in areas of a tumor subjected to transient changes in perfusion . By determining the clonogenic potential , pimonidazole labeling intensity , and radiosensitivity of sorted tumor cell subpopulations , we have provided direct evidence that pimonidazole identifies hypoxic tumor cells of therapeutic relevance in vivo . Given that pimonidazole exhibits few diffusion or delivery problems and no apparent cytotoxicity , it appears to be a versatile and useful label for hypoxic cells in solid tumors . To characterize the distribution of hypoxia and proliferation in human squamous cell carcinoma of the cervix via an immunohistochemical approach prior to initiation of therapy . Patients with primary squamous cell carcinoma of the cervix uteri received a single infusion of the 2-nitroimidazole , pimonidazole -LRB- 0.5 g/m2 i.v. -RRB- , and 24 h later punch biopsies of the primary tumor were taken . Tissue was formalin fixed , paraffin embedded , and sectioned for immunohistochemistry . Hypoxia was detected by monoclonal antibody binding to adducts of reductively activated pimonidazole in malignant cells . Staining for endogenous MIB-1 and PCNA was detected in tumor cells via commercially available monoclonal antibodies . Point counting was used to quantitate the fraction of tumor cells immunostained for MIB-1 , PCNA , and hypoxia marker binding . There was no staining in necrotic regions , and only minimal nonspecific staining , mostly in keratin . In general , cells immunostaining for MIB-1 and PCNA did not immunostain for pimonidazole binding . Cells immunostaining for MIB-1 and PCNA showed no obvious geographic predilection such as proximity to vasculature . Quantitative comparison showed an inverse relationship between hypoxia marker binding and proliferation . Immunohistochemical staining for pimonidazole binding is consistent with the presence of hypoxic cells in human tumors and may be useful for estimating tumor hypoxia prior to radiation therapy . Immunostaining for pimonidazole binding is an ideal complement to immunohistochemical assays for endogenous proliferation markers allowing for comparisons of tumor hypoxia with other physiological parameters . These parameters might be used to select patients for radiation protocols specifically designed to offset the negative impact of hypoxia and/or proliferation on therapy . The inverse relationship between pimonidazole binding and proliferation markers is a preliminary result requiring verification .
Appropriate pain management affects outcome after hip fracture surgery . Although multimodal pain management is commonly used for pain control for patients undergoing elective surgery , few studies have evaluated its use in those undergoing hip fracture surgery . This prospective randomized study was designed to determine the clinical value of multimodal pain management with preemptive pain medication and intraoperative periarticular multimodal drug injections in patients undergoing bipolar hip hemiarthroplasty . Of eighty-two cognitively intact elderly patients about to undergo bipolar hemiarthroplasty after a hip fracture , forty-three were randomly assigned to receive preemptive pain medication and intraoperative periarticular injections -LRB- Group I -RRB- and thirty-nine were assigned to not receive preemptive medication and injections -LRB- Group II -RRB- . These two groups were compared with regard to the pain level on postoperative days one , four , and seven ; at discharge ; and when they started walking and standing exercises . Total amounts of fentanyl used , the frequency of use of patient-controlled analgesia , patient satisfaction at discharge , and perioperative complications were recorded . Group I had a lower pain level than Group II on postoperative days one and four , but no intergroup difference in pain level was observed on postoperative day seven . Multimodal pain management provides additional pain relief until the fourth postoperative day , improves patient satisfaction at discharge , and reduces total narcotic consumption for postoperative pain management after hip hemiarthroplasty for hip fractures . A variety of methods have been used to quantify aspects of recovery after anesthesia . Most are narrowly focused , are not patient-rated , and have not been validated . We therefore set out to develop a patient-rated quality of recovery score . We constructed a 61-item questionnaire that asked individuals -LRB- patients and relatives , medical and nursing staff ; total n = 136 -RRB- to rate various postoperative items describing features a patient may experience postoperatively . The most highly ranked items were included in a final nine-point index score , which we called the `` QoR Score . '' We then studied two cohorts of surgical patients -LRB- n = 449 -RRB- . There was good convergent validity between the QoR Score and the visual analog scale score -LRB- rho = 0.55 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- . Discriminant construct validity was supported by comparing resultant QoR Scores in patients undergoing day-stay , minor , and major surgery -LRB- P = 0.008 -RRB- , as well as a negative correlation with duration of hospital stay -LRB- rho = -0.20 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- , and , using multivariate regression , demonstrating a significant negative relationship between QoR Score and female gender -LRB- P = 0.048 -RRB- and older age -LRB- P = 0.041 -RRB- . There was also good interrater agreement -LRB- rho = 0.55 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- , test-retest reliability -LRB- median rho = 0.61 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- , and internal consistency -LRB- alpha = 0.57 and 0.90 , P < 0.0001 -RRB- . This study demonstrates that the QoR Score has good validity , reliability , and clinical acceptability in patients undergoing many types of surgery . We set out to develop a patient-rated quality of recovery score -LRB- QoR -RRB- that could be used both as a measure of outcome in perioperative trials and for clinical audit . We first surveyed patients and staff to identify important aspects of recovery , then developed a nine-point QoR Score . This was then compared with other measures of postoperative outcome . We found that the QoR Score is a useful measure of recovery after anesthesia and surgery . Quality of recovery after anaesthesia is an important measure of the early postoperative health status of patients . We attempted to develop a valid , reliable and responsive measure of quality of recovery after anaesthesia and surgery . We studied 160 patients and asked them to rate postoperative recovery using three methods : a 100-mm visual analogue scale -LRB- VAS -RRB- , a nine-item questionnaire and a 50-item questionnaire ; the questionnaires were repeated later on the same day . From these results , we developed a 40-item questionnaire as a measure of quality of recovery -LRB- QoR-40 ; maximum score 200 -RRB- . We found good convergent validity between QoR-40 and VAS -LRB- r = 0.68 , P < 0.001 -RRB- . Construct validity was supported by a negative correlation with duration of hospital stay -LRB- rho = -0.24 , P < 0.001 -RRB- and a lower mean QoR-40 score in women -LRB- 162 -LRB- SD 26 -RRB- -RRB- compared with men -LRB- 173 -LRB- 17 -RRB- -RRB- -LRB- P = 0.002 -RRB- . There was also good test-retest reliability -LRB- intra-class ri = 0.92 , P < 0.001 -RRB- , internal consistency -LRB- Cronbach 's alpha = 0.93 , P < 0.001 -RRB- and split-half coefficient -LRB- alpha = 0.83 , P < 0.001 -RRB- . The standardized response mean , a measure of responsiveness , was 0.65 . The QoR-40 was completed in less than 6.3 -LRB- 4.9 -RRB- min . We believe that the QoR-40 is a good objective measure of quality of recovery after anaesthesia and surgery . It would be a useful end-point in perioperative clinical studies . A new total knee rating system has been developed by The Knee Society to provide an up-to-date more stringent evaluation form . The system is subdivided into a knee score that rates only the knee joint itself and a functional score that rates the patient 's ability to walk and climb stairs . The dual rating system eliminates the problem of declining knee scores associated with patient infirmity .
Prader-Willi syndrome -LRB- PWS -RRB- is characterized by severe obesity , hyperphagia , hypogonadism , and GH deficiency . Unlike individuals with common obesity , who have low fasting-plasma ghrelin concentrations , those with PWS have high fasting-ghrelin concentrations that might contribute to their hyperphagia . Treatment with octreotide , a somatostatin agonist , decreases ghrelin concentrations in healthy and acromegalic adults and induces weight loss in children with hypothalamic obesity . This pilot study was performed to determine whether octreotide administration -LRB- 5 microg/kg . d -RRB- for 5-7 d lowers ghrelin concentrations and affects body composition , resting energy expenditure , and GH markers in children with PWS . Octreotide treatment decreased mean fasting plasma ghrelin concentration by 67 % -LRB- P < 0.05 -RRB- . However , one subject 's parent noted fewer tantrums over denial of food during octreotide intervention . In conclusion , short-term octreotide treatment markedly decreased fasting ghrelin concentrations in children with PWS but did not fully ablate the normal meal-related suppression of ghrelin . Further investigation is warranted to determine whether long-term octreotide treatment causes sustained ghrelin suppression , changes eating behavior , and induces weight loss in this population .
In asthmatic children low vitamin D levels are associated with poor asthma control , reduced lung function , increased medication intake , and exacerbations . 25 -LRB- OH -RRB- D concentrations in adult asthmatics were low -LRB- 25.6 ± 11.8 ng/ml -RRB- and vitamin D insufficiency or deficiency -LRB- vitamin D < 30 ng/ml -RRB- was common -LRB- 67 % -RRB- . 25 -LRB- OH -RRB- D levels were related to asthma severity -LRB- intermittent : 31.1 ± 13.0 ng/ml , mild : 27.3 ± 11.9 ng/ml , moderate : 26.5 ± 12.0 ng/ml , severe : 24.0 ± 11.8 ng/ml , p = 0.046 -RRB- and control -LRB- controlled : 29.5 ± 12.5 ng/ml , partly controlled 25.9 ± 10.8 ng/ml , uncontrolled : 24.2 ± 11.8 ng/ml , p = 0.030 -RRB- . The frequency of vitamin D insufficiency or deficiency was significantly higher in patients with severe or uncontrolled asthma and was associated with a lower FEV1 -LRB- vitamin D < 30 vs. ≥ 30 ng/ml 2.3 ± 0.9 L vs. 2.7 ± 1.0 L , p = 0.006 -RRB- , higher levels of exhaled NO -LRB- 45 ± 46 ppb vs. 31 ± 37 ppb , p = 0.023 -RRB- , a higher BMI -LRB- 28.3 ± 6.2 vs. 25.1 ± 3.9 , p < 0.001 -RRB- , and sputum eosinophilia -LRB- 5.1 ± 11.8 % vs. 0.5 ± 1.0 % , p = 0.005 -RRB- . The use of oral corticosteroids or sputum eosinophilia was associated with a 20 % or 40 % higher risk of vitamin D insufficiency or deficiency . 25 -LRB- OH -RRB- D levels below 30 ng/ml are common in adult asthma and most pronounced in patients with severe and/or uncontrolled asthma , supporting the hypothesis that improving suboptimal vitamin D status might be effective in prevention and treatment of asthma .
Both active smoking and environmental tobacco smoke exposure are associated with pregnancy complications . In March 2006 , Scotland implemented legislation prohibiting smoking in all wholly or partially enclosed public spaces . The aim of this study was to determine the impact of this legislation on preterm delivery and small for gestational age . We conducted logistic regression analyses using national administrative pregnancy data covering the whole of Scotland . Of the two breakpoints tested , 1 January 2006 produced a better fit than the date when the legislation came into force -LRB- 26 March 2006 -RRB- , suggesting an anticipatory effect . Among the 716,941 eligible women who conceived between August 1995 and February 2009 and subsequently delivered a live-born , singleton infant between 24 and 44 wk gestation , the prevalence of current smoking fell from 25.4 % before legislation to 18.8 % after legislation -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- . Reductions were observed in the risk of preterm delivery and small for gestational age 3 mo prior to the introduction of legislation , although the former reversed partially following the legislation . There is growing evidence of the potential for tobacco control legislation to have a positive impact on health . Sudden Infant Death Syndrome -LRB- SIDS -RRB- is a leading cause of mortality among infants and is responsible for thousands of infant deaths every year . Prenatal smoking and postnatal environmental smoke have been identified as strong risk factors for SIDS . Given the link between smoking and SIDS , this paper examines the direct effects of cigarette prices , taxes and clean indoor air laws in explaining changes in the incidence of SIDS over time in the United States . State-level counts of SIDS cases are generated from death certificates for 1973-2003 . After controlling for some observed and unobserved confounding factors , the results show that higher cigarette prices and taxes are associated with reductions in SIDS cases . Stronger restrictions on smoking in workplaces , restaurants and child care centers are also effective in reducing SIDS deaths .
The natural history for patients with de novo donor-specific antibodies -LRB- dnDSA -RRB- and the risk factors for its development have not been well defined . Furthermore , clinical and histologic correlation with serologic data is limited . We studied 315 consecutive renal transplants without pretransplant DSA , with a mean follow-up of 6.2 ± 2.9 years . Solid phase assays were used to screen for dnDSA posttransplant . A total of 47 out of 315 -LRB- 15 % -RRB- patients developed dnDSA at a mean of 4.6 ± 3.0 years posttransplant . The median 10-year graft survival for those with dnDSA was lower than the No dnDSA group -LRB- 57 % vs. 96 % , p < 0.0001 -RRB- . Pathology consistent with antibody-mediated injury can occur and progress in patients with dnDSA in the absence of graft dysfunction and furthermore , nonadherence and cellular rejection contribute to dnDSA development and progression to graft loss . The Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- held an open public workshop in June 2010 to discuss the current state of science related to antibody-mediated rejection -LRB- AMR -RRB- in kidney transplantation . Desensitization , acute AMR and chronic AMR -LRB- CAMR -RRB- were considered in the context of clinical trial design . Participants discussed experiences with HLA antibody detection and quantitation and the utility of monitoring donor-specific antibodies -LRB- DSAs -RRB- to inform the management of patients with AMR . The role for animal models was discussed . Diagnostic and prognostic features of histology were presented , followed by discussion of sensitivity and specificity of various criteria . The published literature on treatment of acute AMR was summarized , which consisted of case series and limited data from controlled clinical trials . Considerations for future clinical trials were presented , including endpoints and statistical evaluations of outcome . Although many issues need further consideration , the meeting enabled an important exchange of ideas between experts in the field .
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors -LRB- PPARs -RRB- play important roles in the metabolic regulation of lipids including steroids . In this study , we investigated whether fenofibrate , a ligand for PPARalpha , could influence estrogen synthesis in vivo in the ovary of mice . As reported , chronic treatment of C57BL6/J female mice with various amounts of fenofibrate as a diet reduced the serum triglycerides level and induced hepatomegaly in a dose-dependent manner . Northern blot analyses using hepatic RNA confirmed the induction of classical PPARalpha-target genes including acyl-CoA oxidase and lipoprotein lipase . The analyses using ovarian RNA revealed the suppression of gene expression for enzymes involved in steroidogenesis including CYP11A , CYP19 , steroidogenic acute regulatory protein , and HDL receptor , but the CYP17 expression was evidently induced . Consistent with the suppression of CYP19 mRNA expression , the aromatase activity in the ovary was dose-dependently inhibited , resulting in significant decreases in the uterine size and bone mineral density . These results demonstrate that fenofibrate inhibits ovarian estrogen synthesis by suppressing the mRNA expressions and that functional PPARalpha is indispensable for the inhibitory action of the agent in vivo . Non-diabetic males , particularly those with very low levels of high density lipoprotein -LRB- HDL -RRB- type cholesterol and high levels of very low density type lipoprotein -LRB- VLDL -RRB- , are associated with insulin resistance and decreased insulin sensitivity . The evidence that elevation of HDL cholesterol and diminution of triglycerides with drugs , with improvement in insulin sensitivity is still lacking . We investigated the degree of decreased insulin sensitivity in 23 patients with low HDL and/or raised triglycerides by measuring the fasting , first and second hour insulin levels during an oral glucose tolerance test -LRB- OGTT -RRB- and repeated the measurements after a 6-month course of fenofibrate . The insulin levels were correlated with the OGTT , blood pressure , total cholesterol , HDL cholesterol , LDL cholesterol , and triglycerides measured before and at the end of the trial . The serum insulin at the second hour of the OGTT fell from 100.79 + / - 42.79 mU/l to 54.56 + / - 25.43 mU/l -LRB- P < 0.0005 -RRB- even though there was no change in the blood glucose level at this point . Our study shows that fenofibrate -LRB- Lipanthyl -RRB- 300 mg daily significantly raises the pretreatment low HDL cholesterol -LRB- from 0.64 + / - 0.1 mmol/l to 0.99 + / - 0.2 mmol/l -RRB- as well as lowers the triglyceride level -LRB- from 2.17 + / - 1.1 mmol/l to 1.43 + / - 0.64 mmol/l -RRB- in patients with low HDL/dyslipidaemic syndrome . The data also support the conclusion that treatment with fenofibrate increases insulin sensitivity as measured by the corresponding insulin levels of the OGTT in the study subjects who presented with very low HDL cholesterol level . There was also a decrease in blood pressure readings in our study subjects . Throughout the trial , there was no significant change in body weight or exercise level in the subjects studied .
The number of women in the military has grown since the initiation of the all-volunteer force . Pregnancy is no longer a justification for discharge from active service . Previously published reports have shown that active military service is associated with poor pregnancy outcomes . We compared a group of active-duty pregnant women -LRB- N = 331 -RRB- matched for age and gravidity with a control group of dependent wives of active-duty personnel -LRB- N = 1218 -RRB- . Study variables examined were the incidences of cesarean and operative vaginal delivery , Apgar scores of less than 7 at 5 minutes , preterm complications -LRB- preterm labor and premature rupture of membranes -RRB- requiring transfer to a tertiary care center , pregnancy-induced hypertensive syndromes , intrauterine growth retardation -LRB- IUGR -RRB- -LRB- infant weight less than 2500 g -RRB- , and pregnancy-related complications . In the active-duty group , the rates of primary cesarean -LRB- P less than .001 -RRB- , transfer for preterm complications -LRB- P less than .0001 -RRB- , pregnancy-induced hypertensive syndromes -LRB- P less than .01 -RRB- , and IUGR -LRB- P less than .05 -RRB- were greater than in the control group . Active-duty servicewomen , despite defined limitations of work and ready access to health care , continue to represent a high-risk population . The female military population represents a high-risk group for preterm labor and other adverse pregnancy outcomes . As the number of women entering the armed forces continues to increase , concerns regarding the effects of military service on pregnancy must persist . Although active duty females have access to prenatal care and maintain consistent follow-up , previous research has noted a 5-fold increase in preterm labor compared with civilian working women . Hospitalization and loss of work attributable to pregnancy complications directly affect productivity and mission accomplishment ; therefore , it is crucial to identify those at risk to institute measures that will prevent such occurrences and decrease time away from work . This article provides a review of the existing literature concerning preterm labor in military women , comparisons with the civilian population , and recommendations for future research . More than half of all pregnancies in this country are unintended at the time of conception . Although women make up 13 % of the U.S. Army , there are no epidemiological studies of unintended pregnancy in U.S. Army soldiers . This descriptive study was conducted to determine the prevalence of and factors associated with unintended pregnancy in female soldiers presenting for prenatal care at Madigan Army Medical Center . All soldiers presenting for prenatal care from mid-February 1996 through mid-February 1997 were asked to fill out an anonymous , 12-page written questionnaire . All but one soldier -LRB- 99.7 % -RRB- agreed to participate -LRB- N = 347 -RRB- . Overall , 55 % of soldiers presenting for prenatal care reported that their pregnancies were unintended at the time of conception . The majority of officers -LRB- 60 % -RRB- and noncommissioned officers -LRB- 65 % -RRB- reported that their pregnancies were intended . In contrast , only 39 % of the junior enlisted soldiers reported that their pregnancies were intended at the time of conception . The majority of women -LRB- 62 % -RRB- who reported that their pregnancies were unintended were not using any form of birth control during the month they conceived . The most common reason for not using birth control was the stopping of contraception because of side effects . The most common contraceptive method used by those women who reported birth control use during the month they conceived was the male condom . The majority of pregnancies among junior enlisted soldiers presenting for prenatal care at Madigan Army Medical Center are unintended . Prevention programs should target this subpopulation of soldiers and address knowledge , attitudes , and beliefs related to the use of contraception among those at risk for unintended pregnancy . Alcohol consumption has consequences for the health and well-being of those who drink and , by extension , the lives of those around them . The research reviewed here represents a wide spectrum of approaches to understanding the risks and benefits of alcohol consumption . These research findings can help shape the efforts of communities to reduce the negative consequences of alcohol consumption , assist health practitioners in advising consumers , and help individuals make informed decisions about drinking . Military personnel deployed to foreign countries with high endemic rates of sexually transmitted diseases -LRB- STDs -RRB- are at risk . To evaluate a cognitive-behavioral , skills-building intervention to prevent STDs in junior , enlisted , male US Marines deployed to the Western Pacific aboard ships with periodic liberty visits to foreign ports . This study , using a quasi-experimental design , assigned 584 men to a cardiopulmonary resuscitation training -LRB- n = 288 -RRB- or a cognitive-behavioral intervention -LRB- n = 296 -RRB- . The intervention aimed to increase prevention knowledge , reduce high-risk psychosocial -LRB- motivation -RRB- factors , and build decision-making and communication skills to reduce risky sexual behaviors and alcohol consumption . Participation in the intervention was associated with increased knowledge regarding symptoms and treatment of STDs and HIV -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- , decreased alcohol use -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- , and sexual risk -LRB- P < 0.01 -RRB- during liberty ports of call . A multiple-session , cognitive-behavioral , skills-building intervention can be successfully implemented for deployed military personnel . Human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- infection risk behavior was evaluated in a cross-sectional survey of 400 male active-duty US Army personnel who presented at a sexually transmitted disease -LRB- STD -RRB- clinic with symptoms of acute urethritis . High-risk partners were common , and nearly one-quarter of the sample had previously had STDs . Logistic regression models examined correlates of HIV exposure risk , of inconsistent condom use , and of having partners with increased risk of HIV infection .
Insulin resistance heightens the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease . Amelioration of insulin resistance may reduce this risk . The thiazolidinedone class of insulin sensitizers improves insulin action in individuals with insulin-resistant diabetes and nondiabetic individuals . However , there are few reports on the time of onset of such effects independent of reversal of glucotoxicity . We conducted a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , parallel-group trial in men with nondiabetic insulin resistance using a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp technique -LRB- at low and high doses of insulin at 10 and 40 mU/m -LRB- 2 -RRB- / min , respectively -RRB- . The patients were given 30 mg daily oral pioglitazone or placebo for 28 days . Patients underwent a baseline clamp before initiation of treatment , and again at 14 and 28 days of treatment . Under low-dose hyperinsulinemia , significant increases in GDR of 0.40 mg/kg/min -LRB- 90 % CI , 0.17-0.62 ; 95 % ; P = 0.003 -RRB- were observed at 4 weeks of treatment . These responses were accompanied by robust suppression of free fatty acids under hyperinsulinemic conditions , and by significant increases in circulating basal total adiponectin at 2 and 4 weeks of treatment . Significant changes in insulin action across multiple insulin-sensitive tissues can be detected within 2 weeks of initiation of insulin-sensitizing therapy with pioglitazone in obese patients with nondiabetic insulin resistance . ClinicalTrials.gov identifier : NCT01115712 .
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic warrants accelerated efforts to test vaccine candidates . We aimed to assess the safety and immunogenicity of an inactivated severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 -LRB- SARS-CoV-2 -RRB- vaccine candidate , BBIBP-CorV , in humans . We did a randomised , double-blind , placebo-controlled , phase 1/2 trial at Shangqiu City Liangyuan District Center for Disease Control and Prevention in Henan Province , China . In phase 1 , healthy people aged 18-80 years , who were negative for serum-specific IgM/IgG antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 at the time of screening , were separated into two age groups -LRB- 18-59 years and ≥ 60 years -RRB- and randomly assigned to receive vaccine or placebo in a two-dose schedule of 2 μg , 4 μg , or 8 μg on days 0 and 28 . In phase 2 , healthy adults -LRB- aged 18-59 years -RRB- were randomly assigned -LRB- 1:1:1:1 -RRB- to receive vaccine or placebo on a single-dose schedule of 8 μg on day 0 or on a two-dose schedule of 4 μg on days 0 and 14 , 0 and 21 , or 0 and 28 . Participants within each cohort were randomly assigned by stratified block randomisation -LRB- block size eight -RRB- and allocated -LRB- 3:1 -RRB- to receive vaccine or placebo . Group allocation was concealed from participants , investigators , and outcome assessors . The primary outcomes were safety and tolerability . The secondary outcome was immunogenicity , assessed as the neutralising antibody responses against infectious SARS-CoV-2 . This study is registered with www.chictr.org.cn , ChiCTR2000032459 . In phase 1 , 192 participants were enrolled -LRB- mean age 53 · 7 years -LSB- SD 15 · 6 -RSB- -RRB- and were randomly assigned to receive vaccine -LRB- 2 μg -LSB- n = 24 -RSB- , 4 μg -LSB- n = 24 -RSB- , or 8 μg -LSB- n = 24 -RSB- for both age groups -LSB- 18-59 years and ≥ 60 years -RSB- -RRB- or placebo -LRB- n = 24 -RRB- . At least one adverse reaction was reported within the first 7 days of inoculation in 42 -LRB- 29 % -RRB- of 144 vaccine recipients . The most common systematic adverse reaction was fever -LRB- 18-59 years , one -LSB- 4 % -RSB- in the 2 μg group , one -LSB- 4 % -RSB- in the 4 μg group , and two -LSB- 8 % -RSB- in the 8 μg group ; ≥ 60 years , one -LSB- 4 % -RSB- in the 8 μg group -RRB- . All adverse reactions were mild or moderate in severity . No serious adverse event was reported within 28 days post vaccination . In phase 2 , 448 participants were enrolled -LRB- mean age 41 · 7 years -LSB- SD 9 · 9 -RSB- -RRB- and were randomly assigned to receive the vaccine -LRB- 8 μg on day 0 -LSB- n = 84 -RSB- or 4 μg on days 0 and 14 -LSB- n = 84 -RSB- , days 0 and 21 -LSB- n = 84 -RSB- , or days 0 and 28 -LSB- n = 84 -RSB- -RRB- or placebo on the same schedules -LRB- n = 112 -RRB- . At least one adverse reaction within the first 7 days was reported in 76 -LRB- 23 % -RRB- of 336 vaccine recipients -LRB- 33 -LSB- 39 % -RSB- , 8 μg day 0 ; 18 -LSB- 21 % -RSB- , 4 μg days 0 and 14 ; 15 -LSB- 18 % -RSB- , 4 μg days 0 and 21 ; and ten -LSB- 12 % -RSB- , 4 μg days 0 and 28 -RRB- . One placebo recipient in the 4 μg days 0 and 21 group reported grade 3 fever , but was self-limited and recovered . All other adverse reactions were mild or moderate in severity . The most common systematic adverse reaction was fever -LRB- one -LSB- 1 % -RSB- , 8 μg day 0 ; one -LSB- 1 % -RSB- , 4 μg days 0 and 14 ; three -LSB- 4 % -RSB- , 4 μg days 0 and 21 ; two -LSB- 2 % -RSB- , 4 μg days 0 and 28 -RRB- . The inactivated SARS-CoV-2 vaccine , BBIBP-CorV , is safe and well tolerated at all tested doses in two age groups . Humoral responses against SARS-CoV-2 were induced in all vaccine recipients on day 42 . Two-dose immunisation with 4 μg vaccine on days 0 and 21 or days 0 and 28 achieved higher neutralising antibody titres than the single 8 μg dose or 4 μg dose on days 0 and 14 . National Program on Key Research Project of China , National Mega projects of China for Major Infectious Diseases , National Mega Projects of China for New Drug Creation , and Beijing Science and Technology Plan . The spike protein of SARS-CoV-2 has been undergoing mutations and is highly glycosylated . It is critically important to investigate the biological significance of these mutations . Here , we investigated 80 variants and 26 glycosylation site modifications for the infectivity and reactivity to a panel of neutralizing antibodies and sera from convalescent patients . D614G , along with several variants containing both D614G and another amino acid change , were significantly more infectious . Most variants with amino acid change at receptor binding domain were less infectious , but variants including A475V , L452R , V483A , and F490L became resistant to some neutralizing antibodies . Moreover , the majority of glycosylation deletions were less infectious , whereas deletion of both N331 and N343 glycosylation drastically reduced infectivity , revealing the importance of glycosylation for viral infectivity . Interestingly , N234Q was markedly resistant to neutralizing antibodies , whereas N165Q became more sensitive . These findings could be of value in the development of vaccine and therapeutic antibodies . Heterologous priming with the ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vector vaccine followed by boosting with a messenger RNA vaccine -LRB-
The presence of the Thr92Ala polymorphism of deiodinase-2 -LRB- D2 -RRB- has been thought to have several effects . It may influence its enzymatic function , is associated with increased expression of genes involved in oxidative stress in brain tissue , and may predict favorable response to combination levothyroxine -LRB- LT4 -RRB- plus triiodothyronine -LRB- T3 -RRB- therapy . It was hypothesized that homozygous carriers of the D2-92Ala allele have different thyroid hormone parameters , and reduced health-related quality of life -LRB- HRQoL -RRB- and cognitive functioning . In addition to evaluating anthropometric data , medication use , and existence of metabolic syndrome , HRQoL was assessed with the RAND 36-Item Health Survey , and the Ruff Figural Fluency Test was used as a sensitive test for executive functioning . Data on thyrotropin , free thyroxine -LRB- fT4 -RRB- , and free T3 -LRB- fT3 -RRB- levels were available in a subset of 4479 participants . The mean age -LRB- ± standard deviation -RRB- was 53 ± 12 years and the body mass index was 27.0 ± 4.5 kg/m <sup> 2 </sup> in the LT4 users compared with 48 ± 11 years and 26.2 ± 4.1 kg/m <sup> 2 </sup> in participants from the general population . The Ala/Ala genotype of the D2-Thr92Ala polymorphism was present in 11.3 % of LT4 users and in 10.7 % of the general population . In total , 3742/4479 subjects with thyroid hormone data available had normal TSH -LRB- 0.4-4.0 mIU/L -RRB- , and 88 % of LT4 users were females . Executive functioning scores , as part of cognitive functioning , were comparable between female LT4 users and the general population . In both groups , the D2-Thr92Ala polymorphism was not associated with differences in TSH , fT4 , fT3 , the fT3/fT4 ratio , presence of metabolic syndrome or other comorbidities , use of medication , HRQoL , and cognitive functioning . The Thr92Ala polymorphism of D2 was not associated with thyroid parameters , HRQoL , and cognitive functioning in the general population and in participants on thyroid hormone replacement therapy .
Infrahuman and human studies suggest that a determinant of the abuse potential of a drug is rate of onset of subjective effects . This study sought to determine if the rate of onset of subjective effects and abuse potential of alprazolam would be increased when administered via inhalation vs. the oral route . Placebo , inhaled alprazolam -LRB- 0.5 , 1 , and 2 mg -RRB- , and oral alprazolam -LRB- 1 , 2 , and 4 mg -RRB- were administered under double-blind , double-dummy conditions using a crossover design in 14 healthy participants with histories of drug abuse . Both routes of administration produced orderly dose and time-related effects , with higher doses producing greater and longer-lasting effects . Onset of subjective effects following inhaled alprazolam was very rapid -LRB- e.g. , 2 vs. 49 min after 2 mg inhaled vs. oral -RRB- . On measures of abuse potential -LRB- e.g. , liking and good effects -RRB- , inhaled alprazolam was more potent , as evidenced by a leftward shift in the dose-response curve . Despite the potency difference , at the highest doses , peak ratings of subjective effects related to abuse potential -LRB- e.g. , `` drug liking '' -RRB- were similar across the two routes . The inhaled route of administration modestly increased the abuse potential of alprazolam despite significantly increasing its rate of onset .
Osteoblast activity and plasma 1,25 -LRB- OH -RRB- 2 vitamin D are increased in HPT but suppressed in HHM . To model HPT and HHM , we directly compared multiday continuous infusions of PTH versus PTHrP in humans . Continuous infusion of both PTH and PTHrP results in marked and prolonged suppression of bone formation ; renal 1,25 -LRB- OH -RRB- 2D synthesis was stimulated effectively by PTH but poorly by PTHrP . PTH and PTH-related protein -LRB- PTHrP -RRB- cause primary hyperparathyroidism -LRB- HPT -RRB- and humoral hypercalcemia of malignancy -LRB- HHM -RRB- , respectively . Whereas HHM and HPT resemble one another in many respects , osteoblastic bone formation and plasma 1,25 -LRB- OH -RRB- 2 vitamin D are increased in HPT but reduced in HHM . We performed 2 - to 4-day continuous infusions of escalating doses of PTH and PTHrP in 61 healthy young adults , comparing the effects on serum calcium and phosphorus , renal calcium and phosphorus handling , 1,25 -LRB- OH -RRB- 2 vitamin D , endogenous PTH -LRB- 1-84 -RRB- concentrations , and plasma IGF-1 and markers of bone turnover . PTH and PTHrP induced comparable effects on renal calcium and phosphorus handling , and both stimulated IGF-1 and bone resorption similarly . Surprisingly , PTH was consistently more calcemic , reflecting a selectively greater increase in renal 1,25 -LRB- OH -RRB- 2 vitamin D production by PTH . Equally surprisingly , continuous infusion of both peptides markedly , continuously , and equivalently suppressed bone formation . PTHrP and PTH produce markedly different effects on 1,25 -LRB- OH -RRB- 2 vitamin D homeostasis in humans , leading to different calcemic responses . Moreover , both peptides produce profound suppression of bone formation over multiple days , contrasting with events in HPT , but mimicking HHM . These findings underscore the facts that the mechanisms underlying the anabolic skeletal response to PTH and PTHrP in humans is poorly understood , as are the signal transduction mechanisms that link the renal PTH receptor to 1,25 -LRB- OH -RRB- 2 vitamin D synthesis . These studies emphasize that much remains to be learned regarding the normal regulation of vitamin D metabolism and bone formation in response to PTH and PTHrP in humans . PTH and PTH-related protein -LRB- PTHrP -RRB- cause primary hyperparathyroidism and humoral hypercalcemia of malignancy -LRB- HHM -RRB- , respectively . These syndromes are similar in several important ways , but differ in several characteristic , yet unexplained , ways . Two of the unresolved questions in HHM and hyperparathyroidism involve renal physiology . 1 -RRB- Why does renal proximal tubular production of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D -LSB- 1,25 - -LRB- OH -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- D -RSB- differ between the two syndromes ? 2 -RRB- Do distal tubular calcium responses to PTH and PTHrP differ in the two syndromes ? To address these questions , we compared the two peptides , human PTH - -LRB- 1-34 -RRB- and PTHrP - -LRB- 1-36 -RRB- , in a direct , head to head study using a continuous , steady state infusion of each peptide at the same dose in normal human volunteers for 46 h . We had previously described such methods as applied to PTHrP , but a direct multiday comparison of PTHrP to PTH has not previously been reported . In two groups -LRB- seven subjects each -RRB- of healthy young -LRB- 25 - to 35-yr-old -RRB- normal volunteers , PTH and PTHrP infused at 8 pmol/kg.h displayed similar calcemic effects , although PTH was slightly more potent in this regard . Both peptides also displayed similar phosphaturic effects . In addition , both peptides had similar effects on renal tubular calcium handling , yielding fractional calcium excretion values of approximately 3.5 % , some 50 % below the values -LRB- 6.5 % -RRB- observed in subjects rendered similarly hypercalcemic by the infusion of calcium . In contrast to these several quantitatively similar effects of PTH and PTHrP , PTH tended to be selectively more effective than PTHrP in stimulating renal production of 1,25 - -LRB- OH -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- D . These studies indicate that renal tubular calcium reabsorption is likely to contribute to hypercalcemia in patients with HHM . In addition , PTH may be selectively more effective than PTHrP in stimulating 1,25 - -LRB- OH -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- D production , in contrast to its phosphaturic , calcemic effects and its effects to stimulate nephrogenous cAMP excretion and renal tubular calcium reabsorption . Studies have examined factors related to BMD in older white , but not black , men . We measured BMD in older white and black men and examined factors related to racial differences in BMD . Black men had significantly higher adjusted BMD at all sites . These results may explain , in part , the lower incidence of fractures in older black men . Several studies have examined factors associated with bone mineral density -LRB- BMD -RRB- in older men . None , however , have had sufficient numbers of black men to allow for meaningful comparisons by race . A total of 503 white and 191 black men aged 65 and older -LRB- 75.1 + / - 5.8 and 72.2 + / - 5.7 years , respectively -RRB- were recruited from the Baltimore metropolitan area . All men completed a battery of self-administered questionnaires , underwent a standardized examination , and had BMD measured at the femoral neck , lumbar spine , and total body . Data were analyzed using multiple variable linear regression models , adjusted for potential confounding variables ; two-way interactions with main effects were included in models where appropriate . Black men had significantly higher adjusted BMD at the femoral neck -LRB- difference 0.09 -LSB- 95 % CI : 0.07 , 0.12 -RSB- mg/cm2 -RRB- , lumbar spine -LRB- 0.07 -LSB- 0.04 , 0.10 -RSB- mg/cm2 -RRB- , and total body -LRB- 0.06 -LSB- 0.03 , 0.08 -RSB- mg/cm2
Type 2 diabetes -LRB- T2D -RRB- remission after bariatric procedures has been highlighted in many retrospective and some recent prospective studies . However , in the most recent prospective study , more than 50 % of patients did not reach T2D remission at 1 year . Our aim was to identify baseline positive predictors for T2D remission at 1 year after bariatric surgery and to build a preoperative predictive score . We analysed the data concerning 161 obese operated on between June 2007 and December 2010 . Among them , 46 were diabetic and were included in the study-11 laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding -LRB- LAGB -RRB- , 26 Roux-en-Y gastric bypass -LRB- RYGB -RRB- and 9 sleeve gastrectomy -LRB- SG -RRB- . We compared anthropometric and metabolic features during 1 year of follow-up . A receiver operating characteristic analysis was performed to predict T2D remission . RYGB and SG were similarly efficient for body weight loss and more efficient than LAGB ; 62.8 % of patients presented with T2DM remission at 1 year , with no significant difference according to the surgical procedure . A 1-year body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- < 35 kg m -LRB- -2 -RRB- was predictive of T2DM remission whatever the procedure . The preoperative predictive factors of diabetes remission were baseline BMI ≤ 50 kg m -LRB- -2 -RRB- , duration of type 2 diabetes ≤ 4 years , glycated haemoglobin ≤ 7.1 % , fasting glucose < 1.14 g/l and absence of insulin therapy . A short duration of diabetes and good preoperative glycaemic control increase the rate of T2DM remission 1 year after surgery . Preoperative metabolic data could be of greater importance than the choice of bariatric procedure . A certain weight gain occurs after obesity surgery compared to the lower weight usually observed between 18 and 24 months postsurgery . The objective of this study was to evaluate weight regain in patients submitted to gastric bypass over a 5-year follow-up period . A longitudinal prospective study was conducted on 782 obese patients of both genders . Only patients with at least 2 years of surgery were included . The percentage of excess body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- loss at 24 , 36 , 48 , and 60 months postsurgery was compared to the measurements obtained at 18 months after surgery . Surgical therapeutic failure was also evaluated . Percent excess BMI loss was significant up to 18 months postsurgery -LRB- p < 0.001 -RRB- , with a mean difference in BMI of 1.06 kg/m2 compared to 12 months postsurgery . Percent BMI loss was no longer significant after 24 months , and weight regain became significant within 48 months after surgery -LRB- p < 0.01 -RRB- . Among the patients who presented weight regain , a mean 8 % increase was observed within 60 months compared to the lowest weight obtained at 18 months after surgery . The percentage of surgical failure was higher in the superobese group at all times studied , reaching 18.8 % at 48 months after surgery . Weight regain was observed within 24 months after surgery in approximately 50 % of patients . Both weight regain and surgical failure were higher in the superobese group . Studies in regard to metabolic and hormonal mechanisms underlying weight regain might elucidate the causes of this finding . Roux-en-Y gastric bypass -LRB- RYGB -RRB- surgery can cause profound weight loss and improve overall cardiometabolic risk factors . Exercise -LRB- EX -RRB- training following RYGB can provide additional improvements in insulin sensitivity -LRB- SI -RRB- and cardiorespiratory fitness . However , it remains unknown whether a specific amount of EX post-RYGB is required to achieve additional benefits . We performed a post hoc analysis of participants who were randomized into either a 6-month structured EX program or a health education control -LRB- CON -RRB- . The EX group -LRB- n = 56 -RRB- was divided into tertiles according to the amount of weekly exercise performed , compared with CON -LRB- n = 42 -RRB- : low-EX = 54 ± 8 ; middle-EX = 129 ± 4 ; and high-EX = 286 ± 40 min per week . The high-EX lost a significantly greater amount of body weight , total fat mass , and abdominal deep subcutaneous abdominal fat compared with CON -LRB- P < 0.005 -RRB- . SI improved to a greater extent in both the middle-EX and high-EX compared with CON -LRB- P < 0.04 -RRB- . Physical fitness -LRB- VO2 max -RRB- significantly improved in the high-EX -LRB- 9.3 % ± 4.2 % -RRB- compared with CON -LRB- -6.0 ± 2.4 % -RRB- -LRB- P < 0.001 -RRB- . Skeletal muscle mitochondrial State 4 -LRB- P < 0.002 -RRB- and 3 -LRB- P < 0.04 -RRB- respiration was significantly higher in the high-EX compared with CON . A modest volume of structured exercise provides additional improvements in insulin sensitivity following RYGB , but higher volumes of exercise are required to induce additional weight loss , changes in body composition , and improvements in cardiorespiratory fitness and skeletal muscle mitochondrial capacity . The effect of an exercise program on the body composition , muscular strength -LRB- MS -RRB- , biochemical markers , and bone mineral density -LRB- BMD -RRB- of individuals undergoing gastric bypass is unclear . We assessed lean mass -LRB- LM -RRB- , MS , bone remodeling markers , and BMD before and after supervised weight-bearing and aerobic exercise training in obese patients who underwent Roux-en-Y gastric bypass -LRB- RYGB -RRB- . This study included 37 obese patients -LRB- 81.1 % women , mean age 38.2 years , mean body mass index 42.4 ± 0.5 kg/m <sup> 2 </sup> -RRB- . Whole body densitometry was used to evaluate pre - and postoperative BMD , total body fat , and LM . Serum calcium , parathyroid hormone , 25-hydroxyvitamin D , and bone remodeling markers were measured . MS was determined through the concentric 10 repetition
Focus of attention is known to play an important role in motor skill learning , yet little is known about how attention is directed within the context of stroke rehabilitation . The aims of this study were : -LRB- 1 -RRB- to identify physical therapists ' use of internal and external focus of attention during gait rehabilitation for individuals with hemiplegia following stroke and -LRB- 2 -RRB- to use the findings to design an experimental study examining the impact of focus of attention on learning poststroke . The study design involved direct nonparticipation observation of physical therapy treatment sessions . Eight physical therapy treatment sessions , in which gait rehabilitation was taking place , were video recorded . Patients were aged between 36 and 85 years , and ranged from 7 to 216 days poststroke ; physical therapists had between 3 and 12 years of experience in stroke rehabilitation . Data analysis took 2 forms : -LRB- 1 -RRB- clear definitions of internal and external focus of attention were agreed on via a consensus group and used to develop an analysis matrix through which incidences of instruction and feedback were identified , categorized , and counted ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- verbal dialogue was transcribed verbatim and transcripts were thematically analyzed to provide a detailed description of how instructions and feedback were used , illustrated by examples . The use of instructions and feedback -LRB- internal and external focus -RRB- was high ; an average of one verbal instruction or feedback statement was delivered every 14 seconds . Sixty-seven percent of the statements were internally focused , 22 % were externally focused , and 11 % were of mixed focus . Unfocused statements -LRB- eg , `` good '' -RRB- also were used regularly . Patients were frequently encouraged to `` think about '' their performance . The small sample size also was a limitation of the study .
The well-established triglyceride -LRB- TG -RRB- lowering effect of fish oil is accompanied by an increase in LDL-cholesterol -LRB- LDL-C -RRB- concentration . Less is known about the differential impact on LDL particle distribution - the smaller particles being associated with a greater risk for atherosclerosis . We aimed to examine the changes in serum concentrations of four subclasses of LDL particles as well as shifts in LDL phenotype patterns -LRB- A , B , AB -RRB- among hypertriglyceridemic adults . This was a secondary analysis from a double-blind , parallel design , placebo controlled trial with 42 adults that experienced significant TG lowering and modest increases in total LDL-C concentrations after 12 weeks of 4 g/d EPA + DHA . The 12-week changes in concentrations of LDL1 , LDL2 , LDL3 and LDL4 were +0.06 ± 0.02 mmol/L -LSB- +2.2 ± 0.7 mg/dL -RSB- , +0.07 ± 0.03 mmol/L -LSB- +2.6 ± 1.0 mg/dL -RSB- , +0.16 ± 0.05 mmol/L -LSB- +6.3 ± 1.8 mg/dL -RSB- , and +0.04 ± 0.04 mmol/L -LSB- +1.4 ± 1.7 mg/dL -RSB- , respectively -LRB- +20 ± 5 % , +64 ± 13 % , +26 ± 6 % , and +17 ± 9 % -RRB- , p < 0.05 for all but LDL4 . Changes in LDL phenotype patterns A , B and A/B were negligible and not statistically significant . In this population of hypertriglyceridemic adults , dietary supplementation with fish oil resulted in an increase in total LDL-C concentration which was distributed relatively evenly across the range of smaller and more atherogenic as well as larger and less atherogenic LDL particles .
In this study , we compared postoperative synechia rates and morbidity for different middle meatal -LRB- MM -RRB- stents after minimally invasive sinus techniques -LRB- MIST -RRB- . In a prospective study , we included 100 patients with bilateral chronic sinusitis undergoing MIST at a tertiary care facility with a single surgeon . For all patients , MeroGel stents were placed in the right MM , Gelfilm stents were placed in the left MM . There were no significant side-specific differences regarding postoperative nasal congestion , headache , or sinusitis . Mean stent retention time was 7.9 days for MeroGel and 5.6 days for Gelfilm -LRB- P = 0.0004 -RRB- . Compared with Gelfilm , Merogel MM stents produced less synechia ; Merogel retains its position in the MM longer than Gelfilm ; and the incidence of postoperative MM synechia can be reduced when absorbable MM stents are used in conjunction with MIST .
The impact of endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography -LRB- ERCP -RRB- mechanical simulator -LRB- EMS -RRB- practice on trainee clinical performance is unknown . The hypothesis that trainees with EMS practice -LRB- study group -LRB- SG -RRB- -RRB- have improved clinical outcomes compared with those without such practice -LRB- control group -LRB- CG -RRB- -RRB- is tested . This was a randomized controlled trial involving six US academic centers . Sixteen trainees were randomized after ERCP didactic teaching . SG -LRB- n = 8 -RRB- participated in two sessions of EMS practice on selective cannulation ; CG -LRB- n = 8 -RRB- did not undergo EMS practice . All participants ' clinical performances were monitored in the subsequent 16 weeks . Intervention effects were assessed in multivariable regression models using generalizing estimating equations -LRB- GEE -RRB- to account for cluster randomization of trainees . The primary outcome was successful biliary cannulation , and secondary outcomes were cannulation time and competency score . Cannulation success rate was 47.1 % for CG and 69.6 % for SG . SG had higher odds of successful cannulation -LRB- adjusted odds ratio = 3.01 , P = 0.021 -RRB- . SG trainees achieved faster cannulation time -LRB- min -RRB- -LRB- 4.7 ± 4.2 vs. 10.3 ± 14.1 , P < 0.001 -RRB- . In a prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial during early training , a significantly higher proportion of the biliary cannulations performed by trainees with EMS practice were successful and with faster cannulation time compared with those performed by trainees without such practice .
The management of acute pain remains challenging , with many patients suffering inadequate pain control following surgery . Certain populations are at unique risk for unrelieved pain . Evidence-based approaches taking into account patients ' specific needs and problems will likely substantially improve their perioperative experience . These patients must be identified in the preoperative process , and an anesthetic/analgesic plan discussed and formulated . A targeted multimodal approach to pain management should be considered the best clinical practice . Recent neuroimaging studies suggest that the brain adapts with pain , as well as imparts risk for developing chronic pain . Within this context , we revisit the concepts for nociception , acute and chronic pain , and negative moods relative to behavior selection . We redefine nociception as the mechanism protecting the organism from injury , while acute pain as failure of avoidant behavior , and a mesolimbic threshold process that gates the transformation of nociceptive activity to conscious pain . We deconstruct chronic pain into four distinct phases , each with specific mechanisms , and outline current state of knowledge regarding these mechanisms : the limbic brain imparting risk , and the mesolimbic learning processes reorganizing the neocortex into a chronic pain state . Moreover , pain and negative moods are envisioned as a continuum of aversive behavioral learning , which enhance survival by protecting against threats . Most patients who undergo surgery recover uneventfully and resume their normal daily activities within weeks . Nevertheless , chronic postsurgical pain develops in an alarming proportion of patients . The prevailing approach of focusing on established chronic pain implicitly assumes that information generated during the acute injury phase is not important to the subsequent development of chronic pain . However , a rarely appreciated fact is that every chronic pain was once acute . Here , we argue that a focus on the transition from acute to chronic pain may reveal important cues that will help us to predict who will go on to develop chronic pain and who will not . Unlike other injuries , surgery presents a unique set of circumstances in which the precise timing of the physical insult and ensuing pain are known in advance . This provides an opportunity , before surgery , to identify the risk factors and protective factors that predict the course of recovery . In this paper , the epidemiology of chronic postsurgical pain is reviewed . The surgical , psychosocial , socio-environmental and patient-related factors that appear to confer a greater risk of developing chronic postsurgical pain are described . The genetics of chronic postsurgical pain are discussed with emphasis on known polymorphisms in human genes associated with chronic pain , genetic studies of rodent models of pain involving surgical approaches , the importance of developing accurate human chronic postsurgical pain phenotypes and the expected gains for chronic postsurgical pain medicine in the post-genomic era . Evidence is then reviewed for a preventive multimodal analgesic approach to surgery . While there is some evidence that chronic postsurgical pain can be minimized or prevented by an analgesic approach involving aggressive perioperative multimodal treatment , other studies fail to show this benefit . The transition of acute postoperative pain to chronic postsurgical pain is a complex and poorly understood developmental process , involving biological , psychological and social-environmental factors . Acute postoperative pain remains a major problem , with both undertreatment and overtreatment leading to serious consequences , including increased risk of persistent postoperative pain , impaired rehabilitation , increased length of stay and/or hospital readmission , and adverse events related to excessive analgesic use , such as oversedation . New analgesic medications and techniques have been introduced that target the preoperative , intraoperative , and postoperative periods to better manage acute postoperative pain , with improvements in analgesic efficacy and safety over more traditional pain management approaches . This review provides an overview of these new analgesic medications and techniques . Specific topics that are discussed include the use of preoperative nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , anxiolytics , and anticonvulsants ; intraoperative approaches such as neuraxial analgesia , continuous local anesthetic wound infusion , transversus abdominis plane block , extended-release epidural morphine , intravenous acetaminophen , and intravenous ketamine ; and postoperative use of intravenous ibuprofen , new opioids -LRB- eg , tapentadol -RRB- or opioid formulations -LRB- morphine-oxycodone -RRB- , and patient-controlled analgesia . New , targeted , analgesic medications and techniques may provide a safer and more effective approach to the management of acute postoperative pain than traditional approaches such as postoperative oral analgesics .
Autoimmune pancreatitis -LRB- AIP -RRB- is a newly described entity with characteristic clinical , histologic , and morphologic changes , in which autoimmune mechanisms are involved in pathogenesis . However , difficulties can arise in the differentiation of AIP from pancreatic carcinoma . The aims of this study were to clarify clinical and radiologic features of AIP to elucidate areas of diagnostic confusion . Clinical , serologic , and radiologic findings were evaluated in 17 patients with AIP . All 17 patients were initially suspected to have pancreatic carcinoma . The patients were predominantly elderly men who frequently presented with jaundice but without features of acute pancreatitis . Diffuse enlargement of the pancreas and irregular narrowing of the main pancreatic duct were radiologically characteristic ; however , segmental swelling and narrowing were detected in seven and two patients , respectively . In segmental cases , neither atrophy of the distal pancreas nor marked upstream dilation of the distal main pancreatic duct was observed . Angiographic abnormalities occurred in 54 % of cases . Serologic and radiologic abnormalities showed considerable improvement with steroid therapy . Frequent stenosis of the bile duct , elevation of serum tumor markers , segmental pancreatic enlargement or narrowing of the main pancreatic duct , and angiographic abnormalities can cause confusion in the differential diagnosis of AIP and pancreatic carcinoma . This study retrospectively determined magnetic resonance -LRB- MR -RRB- , MR cholangiopancreatography -LRB- MRCP -RRB- and secretin-MRCP findings in patients with autoimmune pancreatitis -LRB- AIP -RRB- . The MR examinations of 28 patients with histopathologically proven AIP were reviewed . In 14 cases , secretin-enhanced MRCP was performed . The observers evaluated pancreatic parenchymal enlargement , signal intensity abnormalities , enhancement , vascular involvement , bile-duct diameter and main pancreatic duct -LRB- MPD -RRB- narrowing -LRB- diffuse/focal/segmental -RRB- . After secretin administration , the presence of the `` duct-penetrating '' sign was evaluated . MR imaging showed diffuse pancreatic enlargement in 8/28 -LRB- 29 % -RRB- cases , focal pancreatic enlargement in 16/28 -LRB- 57 % -RRB- cases and no enlargement in 4/28 -LRB- 14 % -RRB- cases . The alteration of pancreatic signal intensity was diffuse in 8/28 -LRB- 29 % -RRB- cases -LRB- eight diffuse AIP -RRB- and focal in 20/28 -LRB- 71 % -RRB- cases -LRB- 20 focal AIP -RRB- . Delayed pancreatic enhancement was present in all AIP , with peripheral rim of enhancement in 8/28 -LRB- 29 % -RRB- AIP -LRB- 1/8 diffuse , 7/20 focal -RRB- ; vascular encasement was present in 7/28 -LRB- 25 % -RRB- AIP -LRB- 1/8 diffuse , 6/20 focal -RRB- ; distal common bile duct narrowing was present in 12/28 -LRB- 43 % -RRB- AIP -LRB- 5/8 diffuse , 7/20 focal -RRB- . MRCP showed MPD narrowing in 17/28 -LRB- 61 % -RRB- AIP -LRB- 4/8 diffuse , 15/20 focal -RRB- , MPD dilation in 8/28 -LRB- 29 % -RRB- AIP -LRB- 3/8 diffuse , 5/20 focal -RRB- and normal MPD in 1/8 diffuse AIP . Secretin-MRCP showed the duct-penetrating sign in 6/14 -LRB- 43 % -RRB- AIP -LRB- one diffuse AIP with MPD segmental narrowing , five focal AIP with MPD focal narrowing -RRB- , demonstrating integrity of the MPD . Delayed enhancement and MPD stenosis are suggestive for AIP on MR and MRCP imaging . Secretin-enhanced MRCP is a problem-solving tool in the differential diagnosis between focal AIP and ductal adenocarcinoma .
Lung cancer is a leading cause of cancer deaths worldwide and surgery remains the main treatment for early stage disease . Prior to the introduction of video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery -LRB- VATS -RRB- , lung resection for cancer was undertaken through an open thoracotomy . To date , the evidence base supporting the different surgical approaches is based on non-randomised studies , small randomised trials and is focused mainly on short-term in-hospital outcomes . The VIdeo assisted thoracoscopic lobectomy versus conventional Open LobEcTomy for lung cancer study is a UK multicentre parallel group randomised controlled trial -LRB- RCT -RRB- with blinding of outcome assessors and participants -LRB- to hospital discharge -RRB- comparing the effectiveness , cost-effectiveness and acceptability of VATS lobectomy versus open lobectomy for treatment of lung cancer . We will test the hypothesis that VATS lobectomy is superior to open lobectomy with respect to self-reported physical function 5 weeks after randomisation -LRB- approximately 1 month after surgery -RRB- . Secondary outcomes include assessment of efficacy -LRB- hospital stay , pain , proportion and time to uptake of chemotherapy -RRB- , measures of safety -LRB- adverse health events -RRB- , oncological outcomes -LRB- proportion of patients upstaged to pathologic N2 -LRB- pN2 -RRB- disease and disease-free survival -RRB- , overall survival and health related quality of life to 1 year . The QuinteT Recruitment Intervention is integrated into the trial to optimise recruitment . Findings will be written-up as methodology papers for conference presentation , and publication in peer-reviewed journals . We will also link with lung cancer clinical studies groups . The patient and public involvement group that works with the Respiratory Biomedical Research Unit at the Brompton Hospital will help identify how we can best publicise the findings . ISRCTN13472721 .
Contraceptive treatment before gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonist administration presents advantages in women with a tendency to hyper-response and simplifies donor-recipient treatment synchronization . This study compares response to gonadotrophin stimulation under hypophyseal suppression in oocyte donors with or without vaginal contraceptive pretreatment . One hundred and ninety oocyte donors were recruited in a single centre and prospectively assigned to one of two treatment groups , according to the day of the week menstruation initiated : Group VC - , no prior vaginal contraceptive and Group VC + , prior vaginal contraceptive . VC + patients presented a significantly higher cancellation rate , lower plasma estradiol levels and fewer follicles > 12 mm on the day of hCG , versus the VC - group . Number of oocytes recovered was significantly lower in the VC + group . All the cases of severe ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome -LRB- SOHSS -RRB- were in the VC - group . Pregnancy rates by embryo transfer to synchronic recipients were similar between VC + and VC - -LRB- 59.5 versus 57.9 % , respectively -RRB- . Vaginal contraceptive pretreatment resulted in a higher ovarian suppression , whereas SOHSS rate was lower than in donors who did not receive pretreatment . There were no differences in pregnancy rates between the two groups of synchronic oocyte recipients . The introduction of sustained follicle stimulants will reduce the number of injections and may improve the overall patient experience . This study aimed to evaluate the degree of satisfaction in oocyte donors undergoing treatment with corifollitropin α , a synthetic recombinant rFSH which replaces daily FSH injections for the first week of ovarian stimulation . The results showed no significant differences in clinical parameters between the two protocols -LRB- recombinant FSH versus corifollitropin α -RRB- . Implantation rates for the corifollitropin α and daily FSH protocol groups were 39.1 % and 38.4 % , respectively , while ongoing pregnancy rates were 45.9 % and 44.4 % . There were no statistical between-group differences in the responses to the questionnaires . However , donors treated with corifollitropin α who had undergone a previous cycle with daily FSH reported greater satisfaction with the corifollitropin α protocol . In conclusion , no significant differences were found in any analysed parameters between treatments . However , when donors who had undergone both treatments chose which treatment they preferred , the results clearly showed a positive trend towards choosing corifollitropin α , confirming that this protocol may reduce treatment burden and increase donor compliance .
Antioxidant therapy has been applied to Friedreich 's ataxia patients . We assessed the effect of idebenone treatment in patients with Friedreich 's ataxia . open-label trial . Nine Friedreich 's ataxia patients -LRB- age range 11 - 19 years -RRB- were treated with idebenone -LRB- 5 mg/kg/day -RRB- . Patients were evaluated before the start of the therapy and throughout one year of treatment by International Cooperative Ataxia Rating Scales -LRB- ICARS -RRB- scores , neurophysiological investigations and echocardiographic measurements . Serum idebenone concentrations were measured by HPLC with electrochemical detection . The number of GAA repeats at the frataxin gene was analyzed by PCR . Serum idebenone concentrations ranged between 0.04 - 0.37 micro mol/L . Significantly positive correlation was observed between idebenone values and the percentage of difference between the ICARS scores before and 12 months after the start of the therapy -LRB- r = 0.883 ; p = 0.002 -RRB- . Significant reduction was observed comparing the ICARS scores in baseline conditions and after 3 months of treatment -LRB- p = 0.017 -RRB- . Cerebellar improvement was notable in mild patients after the first 3 months of therapy . Idebenone treatment at early stages of the disease seems to reduce the progression of cerebellar manifestations . Administration of daclizumab , a humanized mAb directed against the IL-2Ralpha chain , strongly reduces brain inflammation in multiple sclerosis patients . Here we show that daclizumab treatment leads to only a mild functional blockade of CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells , the major candidate in multiple sclerosis pathogenesis . Instead , daclizumab therapy was associated with a gradual decline in circulating CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- and CD8 -LRB- + -RRB- T cells and significant expansion of CD56 -LRB- bright -RRB- natural killer -LRB- NK -RRB- cells in vivo , and this effect correlated highly with the treatment response . In vitro studies showed that NK cells inhibited T cell survival in activated peripheral blood mononuclear cell cultures by a contact-dependent mechanism . Positive correlations between expansion of CD56 -LRB- bright -RRB- NK cells and contraction of CD4 -LRB- + -RRB- and CD8 -LRB- + -RRB- T cell numbers in individual patients in vivo provides supporting evidence for NK cell-mediated negative immunoregulation of activated T cells during daclizumab therapy . Our data support the existence of an immunoregulatory pathway wherein activated CD56 -LRB- bright -RRB- NK cells inhibit T cell survival . This immunoregulation has potential importance for the treatment of autoimmune diseases and transplant rejection and toward modification of tumor immunity .
